Embattled Nigerian actor, Olanrewaju Omiyinka popularly known as Baba Ijesha will be arraigned at an Ikeja Special Offences Court on Thursday after he was accused of defiling the foster daughter of comedienne, Princess.  Baba Ijesha who has been in custody since his arrest on April 22, is to stand trial before Justice Oluwatoyin Taiwo on June 24 the judge’s cause list has revealed. NAN reports that the case is listed on the cause list of the court. We had reported that the actor was arraigned on June 16 at a Yaba Magistrates’ Court on charges of indecent treatment of a child, defilement of a child, sexual assault by penetration, attempted sexual assault by penetration and sexual assault. He pleaded not guilty to the charges but was remanded in custody by Magistrate P.E Nwaka due to indications that the matter is before the High Court. Magistrates Nwaka in that ruling said, ”I have carefully considered the application of the counsel to the defendant seeking bail for the defendant and the opposition by the counsel from the DPP. “Since there are indications that the matter is before the high court and the defendant will appear before the court, no bail can be given. “The defendant must be accorded full medical attention by the authorities pending his arraignment at the High Court.”  Source A Yaba Chief Magistrate Court on Wednesday denied Nollywood actor Omiyinka Olanrewaju popularly known as Baba Ijesa bail, on the ground that the case has already been filed before the Lagos State High Court. This sets the stage for his trial before a judge on alleged child molestation charges. The… In "News" The sexual assault allegation levelled against popular Nollywood actor, Olarenwaju Omiyinka, has taken another turn as the child’s foster mother, comedienne, Princess, has released fresh evidence against the embattled actor. On Wednesday, Omiyinka, popularly known as Baba Ijesha, was arraigned before Magistrate Peter Nwaka on charges of rape, sexual assault… In "News" The Yaba Magistrates’ Court in Lagos State, on Wednesday, declined granting the bail application brought before it by embattled Nollywood actor, Olanrewaju Omiyinka, popularly known as Baba Ijesha. Baba Ijesha, who wore a blue t-shirt, was taken to court in a black maria vehicle of the Rapid Response Squad. Baba… In "News"