Ondo State Governor, Oluwarotimi Akeredolu, has said that the State Security Network codenamed Amotekun Corps will metamorphose into a state police.  Akeredolu who said he does not believe in secession stated that the many promises of June 12 have been dashed. Akeredolu who spoke in Akure at the 2021 Democracy Day celebration said there was no serious attempt to redesign the security architecture to respond to the demands of a nascent country as at the time of independence. He insisted that every federating unit in the country should have its own police for effective security. The Ondo Governor declared that local government could not be absolute autonomous and that the Federal Government should have no control, whatsoever, on how a Local Government is run in a State of the Federation. “Let every state determine the number of local governments it wishes to have for effective administration. The civil service must respond to the current realities for relevance. Let the extent of wealth creation form the basis of establishing local administrations. It does not make any economic sense to create as many local governments as the politics of revenue sharing will permit. “Governors must be Chief Executive Officers answerable only to the people indeed. The law must empower them to harness the resources in their respective States for the benefit of those who voted for them. They must not be subjected to any external control as equal partners in a federation unless when it is absolutely necessary. “They must be able to mobilise the people for socio-economic activities with minimal interference from the government at the centre. This will enhance their ability to protect their people from rampaging marauders and other criminals who wreak their peace in perpetuity. “The message which produced June 12, 1993 was “Farewell to Poverty ”. Our people looked forward to a better Nigeria where every citizen would be proud. The hope was dashed. We have been trying to rekindle the light of realistic expectations since 1999. The political journey proceeds in fits and starts. The ride has been bumpy, creating doubts and suspicion on the genuineness of intentions. “The problems are, however, surmountable if all are sincere in finding lasting solutions to the existential issues confronting us. That should the lesson derivable from the June 12 annulment and the symbolic revalidation.” Barr. Femi Aborisade who delivered the Democracy Day lecture insisted that Nigeria was not a broke nation.  Source Southwest governors have kicked against the plan to put the Operation of the Western Nigeria Security Network (WNSN) under the Inspector-General of Police. The WNSN code-named Operation Amotekun, was inaugurated last year to respond to the surge in insecurity, killings and kidnapping in Lagos, Oyo, Ogun, Osun, Ondo and Ekiti… In "News" The Ondo State Governor, Mr Rotimi Akeredolu on Tuesday said it was high time to create state police as part of the solution to the spate of insecurity in the country. The Governor noted that the protection of lives and property of the people must take a major priority, adding… In "News" Ondo State Governor, Rotimi Akeredolu has kicked against the idea of states funding community policing in the country. Speaking during an interview on Channels Television’s Sunrise Daily on Wednesday, Akeredolu said the idea would not work. He disclosed that his colleagues under the aegis of the Nigeria Governors’ Forum will… In "News"