Nnamdi Kanu, leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), has broken his silence after news of Nigerian army begging Boko Haram and ISWAP terrorists for reconciliation made the headlines.  Recall that the army had called on the terrorists to put down their weapons and embrace peace, saying an end to the war is in sight. The call for reconciliation was made by the General Officer Commanding (GOC), 7 Division, Nigerian Army, Brigadier General Abdulwahad Eyitayo at a party organised for journalists by the Army in Maiduguri, the Borno State capital on Sunday. Eyitayo said that no one, including the military, was happy with the bloodshed, calling on the remnants of the terrorist organisation to take advantage of the amnesty and repent without further delay. Eyitayo said, “We are not here for bloodletting, no one is happy that people are dying. Some of them (the insurgents) listen to the media, so it is good for us to appeal to them through the media to avoid violence, come forward to ask for forgiveness and reconciliation.” Nnamdi Kanu lamented that the terrorists would be rehabilitated, recruited into the army and posted to the South. Kanu tweeted, “Nigerian Army BEGS Boko Haram, ISWAP terrorists for reconciliation. “And after reconciliation, they will be rehabilitated, recruited into the Army & sent to the South to ‘shoot to kill’. Now you see why I keep calling it a TERRORIST army.”  Source Nnamdi Kanu, the leader of the Indigenous Peoples of Biafra and founder of the Eastern Security Network, has advised the 101 soldiers accused by the Nigerian Army of fleeing the Boko Haram attacks in New Marte and Dikwa towns in Borno State to join the ESN. Kanu added that soldiers… In "News" By Sumaila Ogbaje Abuja - Nigerian Army troops of Operation Lafiya Dole (OPLD), has inflicted devastating defeat on Boko Haram and Islamic State of West Africa Province (ISWAP) terrorists in the North East. Col. Aminu Iliyasu, the Nigerian Army Operations Media Coordinator, made the disclosure in a statement on Sunday… In "News" The Indigenous Peoples of Biafra(IPOB) has insisted the Army cannot stop its members from attending the burial of parents of its founder, Nnamdi Kanu. The outlawed group dared soldiers to stop its members if they can at the funeral slated for February 14 at Isiama Afaraukwu community in Abia State.… In "News"