A former Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan has lamented about the worsening insecurity and the high rate of crime in the nation.  Jonathan expressed his views during a courtesy call on him by the Chief Executive Officer of the Albino Foundation, Jake Epelle, its management and partners to appreciate him for paying the bills of persons with albinism to undergo surgery against cancer overseas. According to him, most areas of the health system needed to be revamped to meet international standards. He said with all the issues bedeviling Nigeria, incidents of mental health had suddenly become a challenge as most Nigerians were currently traumatised by the happenings in the society. “Most of these crimes perpetrated are drug-induced because no sane Nigerian will just go and commit crime except he is high on something. Imagine starting your day with the news of killing in the morning, it leaves an impression on your mind. We need to also look into issues of mental health. “Now, we have cults in primary and secondary schools; then, it was in tertiary institutions, but you now see children in these schools thinking of how to kill their mates. This is sad.”  Source Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Young Lawyers mentoring and Pupillage Committee (YLF) of Nigerian Bar Association (NBA) Abuja Branch, (Unity Bar), Law and Society Magazine in conjunction with Media and Teens Network, a non-governmental organisation have called for Gender Based Violence to be declared a crime against state in view… In "News" By Orji Uzor Kalu  Despite the prophecies, predic­tions, social media permuta­tions and other forms of dia­lectics, there are some hard facts that must be considered in deter­mining who carries the day when Nige­rians choose their President on Febru­ary 14. And there are compelling reasons to do so. [pro_ad_display_adzone id="10"]  Let… In "Opinion" Former Governor of Ogun State, Otunba Gbenga Daniel has accused ex-President Goodluck Jonathan of failing to use his power as then President to move Nigeria forward. Daniel asserted that Jonathan’s failure arose from the fact that he was trying to be “nice.” He claimed that Jonathan’s failure could also be… In "Politics"