By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  The Senate on Tuesday received a formal request from President Muhammadu Buhari to confirm the newly appointed Chief of Army Staff, Major General Farouk Yahaya. The request was contained in a letter addressed to the Senate President, Ahmad Lawan, and read during resumption of plenary. Buhari in the letter said Yahaya’s appointment was in compliance with the provisions of Section 18 subsection 1 of the Armed Forces Act 2004. The letter reads in part: “In compliance with the provisions of section 18(1) of the Armed Forces Act Cap A20 laws of the Federation of Nigeria 2004, I hereby forward for confirmation by the Senate, the appointment of Major General Farouk Yahaya as the Chief of Army Staff of the Armed Forces of the Federal Republic of Nigeria. “His CV is herewith attached. It is my hope that the Senate will consider and confirm the nominee in the usual expeditious manner.” The new nominee takes over from former Chief of Army Staff, Major General Attahiru Ibrahim, who died in a plane crash near the Kaduna International Airport about two weeks ago. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate has received a formal request from President Muhammadu Buhari for the confirmation of the newly appointed Chief of Defence Staff and Service Chiefs. The request which was contained in a letter dated 27th January, 2021, was read by the Senate President,… In "Top Stories" President Muhammadu has written the Senate seeking its confirmation of Maj.-Gen. Farouk Yahaya as Chief of Army Staff (COAS). Buhari’s request is contained in a letter to the President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan and read during Tuesday’s plenary. The letter reads: I hereby forward for confirmation by the Senate,… In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - As a way of reducing herders-farmers clashes, governor of Kano State, Abdullahi Ganduje, says there should be a law banning the movement of cattle from the north to the south. Speaking with journalists after he and All Progressives Congress (APC) governors met with… In "Top Stories"