 Kenya’s Ministry of Health, on Wednesday, launched a 10-day measles and rubella vaccination campaign in the 22 high-risk counties.  The exercise is aimed at reducing the spike in the number of unvaccinated children. Mercy Mwangangi, Chief Administrative Secretary in the Ministry of Health said that the campaign would run from June 26 to July 5, targeting to reach about 3.5 million children below five years. A risk assessment, conducted in the country with the support of the World Health Organisation, identified 22 counties as being at very high risk for measles outbreaks. Rudi Eggers, WHO representative in Kenya, said that in spite of the good progress made so far, Kenya has continued to experience measles outbreaks since the last nationwide measles-rubella vaccination in 2016. Measles is a common cause of deaths among children from vaccine-preventable diseases. Rubella, like measles, is a highly infectious viral disease that can cause serious health complications to newborns such as birth defects, heart problems, loss of hearing and eyesight as well as brain damage. (Xinhua/NAN) By Lexi Elo 2.7 million Nigerian children were not vaccinated against measles at nine months of age in 2013, the [pro_ad_display_adzone id="8"]World Health Organisation (WHO) has revealed, a development which places them at risk of severe health complications such as pneumonia, diarrhoea, encephalitis, and blindness. While it costs around $1… In "Health" Manila  -The Philippines’ Department of Health said on Thursday that at least 36 children under 5 years old died from measles in the Philippines in 2020. The health department, which disclosed this in a statement, said: “In 2020, pockets of measles outbreaks are being reported in the Philippines. “As of… In "Foreign" By Esenvosa Izah Lagos - The United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF) says an estimated 169 million children missed out on the first dose of the measles vaccine between 2010 and 2017 or 21.1 million children a year on average. UNICEF’s Executive Director, Ms Henrietta Fore made this known on Thursday… In "Health"