 British Prime Minister Boris Johnson has said that it does not look like the Coronavirus (COVID-19) originated from a laboratory in the central Chinese city of Wuhan, local media reported. “At the moment the advice we’ve had is that it doesn’t look like this particular disease of a zoonotic origin came from a lab,” Johnson said Sunday in his closing news conference at the Group of Seven (G7) summit in Britain’s southwestern resort of Carbis Bay, a seaside resort and village in Cornwall. “I do think there’s a problem with zoonotic diseases and this is clearly something we need to focus on,” he said. Meanwhile, British Foreign Secretary Dominic Raab said Britain’s “best information” remained that COVID-19 “jumped” from animals to humans. Leaders from Britain, the United States, Canada, Japan, Germany, France, and Italy, plus the European Union, wrapped up on Sunday their first in-person summit in almost two years. Britain also invited Australia, India, South Korea, and South Africa as guest countries to this year’s meeting. (NAN) •Britain’s Prime Minister Boris Johnson walks out of 10 Downing Street to give a statement in central London on April 27, 2020, after returning to work following more than three weeks off after being hospitalised with the COVID-19 illness. /AFP LONDON - Prime Minister Boris Johnson on Monday made his… In "Foreign" Abuja (Sudiata Post) - The British government spokesperson has confirmed that Prime Minister Boris Johnson will resume work on Monday after recovering from the novel coronavirus, dpa has reported. He has been recuperating at Chequers, the prime minister’s residence outside London, after he was released from hospital on April 12.… In "Foreign" London - Facing questions over why Britain’s death toll from the new coronavirus was now the second-worst in Europe after Italy, a British minister, Grant Shapps, said on Sunday people should not jump to conclusions as the full picture was not yet clear. The death toll was 28,131 as of… In "Foreign"