ABUJA –   Air Peace has announced the commencement of flight operations on Port Harcourt-Kano-Port Harcourt and the resumption of Kano-Asaba-Kano routes. In a statement on Thursday, the airline’s Media Executive, Mr Stanley Olisa, explained that the airline had introduced a set of new connections to offer the Nigerian flying public more network options and satisfy their growing air travel needs. He said that Asaba-Kano-Asaba flight would start June 14, and run three days every week, while Kano-Port Harcourt-Kano would operate twice weekly from June 15. He added that it would operate on Benin-Port Harcourt-Benin routes from June 18, on Fridays and Sundays. “Tickets for these new connections are already selling and the flying public can start booking on our website flyairpeace.com or the mobile app. “The new connections further reflect Air Peace’s commitment to providing strategic connectivity which addresses the gaps in Nigeria’s air travel,” he said. Olisa said that the airline would also launch scheduled daily flights to Ilorin from Lagos and Abuja on June 17, adding that there were plans to kick-off Gombe and Ibadan routes soon. By Adekunle Williams and Solomon Asowata   Lagos   -     Nigerian carrier, Air Peace, has taken delivery of its second Embraer 145 jet, to boost connectivity within Nigeria. Mr Chris Iwarah, Corporate Communications Manager of the airline, said this in a statement on Sunday in Lagos. He said that the aircraft,… In "News" By Adekunle Williams   Lagos -   Nigerian carrier, Air Peace, says it will move a part of its flight operations to the Murtala Muhammed Airport 2 (MMA2), Lagos on Jan. 2, 2019 to position itself for better service to its customers. The airline made the announcement in a statement… In "News" By Adekunle Williams and Solomon Asowata   Lagos   -     Arik Air on Tuesday announced that it was resuming flight operations on the Abuja-Calabar and Abuja-Uyo routes from Dec. 15. Its Communications Manager, Mr Ola Adebanji, disclosed this in Lagos in a statement. Adebanji said the airline was increasing its capacity… In "News"