ILORIN – The Ilorin, Kwara State home of the Managing Director of Royals Fast Food, Ilorin, Prince John and Lola Olabayo, a daughter of the famous billionaire, Prince Samuel Adedoyin, is in turmoil over the sudden death of Subomi, their son. 28-year-old Subomi, according to a media report, committee suicide in the early hours of last Tuesday, June 22, 2021. The family is said to be in a quandary as to what could have made their 28-year-old son take the fatal decision to terminate his life in their home. The body of Subomi was reportedly discovered around 5pm at the backyard of their Ilorin residence. He reportedly left the comfort of the family house around 11am. Sources close to the family disclosed that Subomi had been depressed for sometime and he was said to have had running battles with his father. “His mother travelled to Abeokuta, Ogun State for a function on Tuesday. “Subomi became suddenly moody and withdrawn sometime ago, but he had a particular girlfriend that usually changed his mood for better anytime she came around. “The girl is about four months pregnant for him. When the girl came around on Tuesday, Subomi’s father snubbed her and he did not attend to her,” said a source. The report said that Subomi got infuriated and stormed out of the house and that they didn’t hear from him until around 5pm, when they saw his dead body at the backside of the house. Read further account by the medium that reported the incident: “What however surprised many people was the allegation that John, Subomi’s father, did not wait for his mother before transfering his body to the hospital and making arrangement for a quick burial. “The mother fainted when she heard the news and she was hospitalized. The father is now making an arrangement to bury Subomi today without any autopsy.” It reported a source to have said: “I think the issues that led to this tragic incident should be investigated even in the interest of the reputable family; everything is still in the realm of speculation. “His father even went with them to the mortuary to deposit his body and a lot of controversies now surround his death.” The news medium continued: The whole scenario is said to be shrouded in mystery as many wondered the kind of suicide (sic) the boy committed using a (mattress) bedsheets with his feet reportedly on the ground. “We were told that those who felt concerned about the incident suspected a foul play and are keen on ‘knowing what must have caused suicide by a promising young man.’ “The parents are known to be very successful in their various businesses and reportedly have a close-knit family. “Friends and associates have since been sympathising with the bereaved family while princess Lola olabayo is still in hospital outside Ilorin, the state capital.” (Source: First Weekly Magazine report as edited by The ConclaveNg) An undergraduate student identified as KingEzekiel Joseph Mayowa has committed suicide by drinking sniper after his girlfriend of 9 years abandoned him. The man, before his death went live on his Facebook page, KingEzekiel Joseph Mayowa, last night in his room and was crying while holding a bottle of sniper.… In "News" A yet to be identified Nigerian man has reportedly taken his life after his girlfriend of 7 years dumped him. It was gathered that the man took his life at his apartment by hanging himself with a rope. A new video that was shared online shows the moment people were… In "Metro" A 22-year-old man committed suicide on Facebook after his girlfriend left him for another man. Shyam Sikarwar, also known as 'Raj', posted shocking footage on social media in which he hanged himself inside a temple in the village of Raybha near Agra. According to the Times of India, Sikarwar left… In "Metro"