By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –   The President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan has hailed the Speaker of the House of Representatives, Rt. Hon. Femi Gbajabiamila, on the occasion of his 59th birthday on Friday. According to the statement signed by the Special Adviser (Media) to President of the Senate, Ola Awoniyi said Lawan commended Gbajabiamila for providing exemplary leadership at the House of Representatives since his election as Speaker by his Honourable Colleagues two years ago. Lawan therefore rejoiced with his family, friends and political associates on this auspicious occasion. “He has also contributed greatly to the harmonious working relationship between the Senate and the House and between the National Assembly and the other Arms of Government, Lawan said. “The impactful achievements of the ninth National Assembly despite the COVID-19 pandemic and other contemporary challenges  are a testimony to the unity of purpose in the Legislature and the wisdom of our determination to work together as a team in national interest. “As Mr Speaker continues to grow in age, stature and wisdom, I am sure that he will continue to become even more impactful in our mission to deepen democracy, enhance good governance and improve service delivery by government to the people of Nigeria. “May Allah Grant Mr Speaker many more years of selfless service to our great nation, Nigeria,” Lawan said. The Senate President wishes him a happy birthday and many happy returns of the day, the statement added.  By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Deputy Speaker of the House of Representatives, Rt. Hon. Ahmed Idris Wase has described the President of the Senate,Distinguished Senator Ahmad Lawan as a patrotic lawmaker, whose love for the nation is unquestionable. Wase's gave this description in a statement signed by… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  The leadership of the National Assembly said Monday that the ninth Assembly will break the jinx of not being able to pass the Petroleum Industry Bill after several attempts. The President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan and the Speaker of the House of… In "Top Stories" Alaba-Olusola Oke Akure - The Ondo state chapter of All Progressives Congress (APC), has described the emergence of Sen. Ahmed Lawan and Mr Femi Gbajabiamila as the President and Speaker of the 9th National Assembly as a good omen for a new phase of democracy and development in Nigeria. Mr… In "Top Stories"