BBNaija housemate, Tochi has slammed Wathoni during the reunion show, describing her as a community girl who was interested in all the guys in the house.  The real estate agent, whose full name is Tochukwu Okechukwu, used the description for Wathoni when the duo engaged in a heated war of words at the ongoing reunion for housemates that partook in the 2020 edition of the show. The confrontation began when Wathoni alleged that Tochi made sexual advances at her because Kidwayya had told him that “she’s an easy catch”. Tochi, however, fired back at her instantly, saying: “You are the community girl now because you saw yourself with every guy in the house.” He claimed that the mother of one wasn’t in demand in the ‘Lockdown’ house as she had thought. He also denied making advances at Wathoni, saying it was her who kept looking for a relationship in the house. “If you feel you were hot, why didn’t anybody date you in the house? Every conversation in the house was really about a man for you,” he said. “If you like someone and the person doesn’t like you back then you start going around, saying crazy things about the person. “You literally liked every guy on the show; everybody. You want to see crazy? You’re telling me that I did not catch you? I never asked you out, so why are you going to come to a guy that never asked you out? I didn’t ask you out so why are you crying tears?” See Video Below; A post shared by Olorisupergal (@olorisupergal) Big Brother Naija Lockdown housemate, Erica has opened up on why she can not be friends with single mother of one and fellow housemate, Wathoni. This comes after the two were involved in a messing fight over billionaire’s son and fellow housemate, Kiddwaya few days ago. Trouble started when after… In "Entertainment" Big Brother Naija lockdown housemate, Kiddwaya was the one who evicted Praise by replacing him with Wathoni last night, it has revealed. He has also given reason why he saved Wathoni. The bottom four housemates of include: TrickyTee, Wathon, Vee and Praise. After housemates voted, Wathoni and Praise had a… In "Entertainment" Billionaire son, Kiddwaya has got tongues wagging after using different formats to woo some of the females in the ongoing BBNaija 2020 show. On Sunday, Kiddwaya tried his luck on Erica, Wathoni and also Nengi who has a crush on Ozo. The soft talker started off by kissing Tolanibaj who… In "Entertainment"