The Arewa Youth Consultative Forum (AYCF) has issued a serious warning to President Muhammadu Buhari.  This comes following alleged reports that President Muhammadu Buhari may extend his tenure due to insecurity.  AYCF National President, Yerima Shettima, said Nigerians would resist any attempt by Buhari to extend his tenure beyond 2023. Speaking with DAILY POST, Shettima urged Buhari to emulate former President Goodluck Jonathan, who addressed insecurity, a few weeks to the general elections. According to Shettima: “I do not think the president will descend so low to that extent, and of course if he attempts such, Nigerians will resist it because the constitution does not allow it. “If there are any security issues that will warrant that, they should quickly address it before the 2023 elections. “We have seen instances where Jonathan took three weeks to fight insurgency so elections could be held, so if that is the case, we still have a long term before the election. I’m sure Buhari can do the mobilization and order that anyone found wanting, especially bandits and terrorists, are dealt with. “Once this is done, we can use one year to address and forge ahead with the election. For the president or anyone to say due to insecurity, he would sit behind and defy the constitution is insane. We run a constitutional democracy, and we are not in Banana Republic; Nigeria is a sovereign nation.”  Source Leader of the Arewa Youth Consultative Forum faults comments by chairman of the Northern Elders Forum, Paul Unongo, over the purported endorsement of President Buhari for 2019 presidency. AYCF leader, Alhaji Shettima Yerima, maintains that the presidency remains in the northern region till 2023 and it is up to it… In "Top Stories" - Two major groups in the north have fallen out over the 2019 presidential election - The Arewa Youth Consultative Forum (AYCF) and the Arewa Youth Grand Alliance (AYGA) are at loggerheads over who to endorse - AYCF is led by Alhaji Yerima Shettima, while the AYGA is led by… In "Politics" The Arewa Youth Consultative Forum (AYCF) has called for the arrest and prosecution of Matthew Kukah, bishop of Sokoto Catholic diocese, over some comments he made. Last Friday, Kukah accused President Muhammadu Buhari of nepotism. Click here to see https://sundiatapost.com/there-couldve-been-coup-if-buhari-had-not-been-president-says-kukah/ The bishop said there could have been a coup if… In "News"