The President, National Association of Nigerian Students, Sunday Asefon, on Tuesday, lamented the worsening insecurity in the country and the ripple effects on students who fell victim to kidnapping and banditry at will.  Asefon, who bemoaned the kidnap of over 200 students of Islamiyya School in Rafi Council area of Niger State, said NANS had relocated its national headquarters to the North Central State pending when the students would be released, adding, “Nigerians have to come together to see what can be done on the issue of insecurity”. The NANS boss, who spoke in a chat with journalists in Ado Ekiti, unveiled the students’ body’s national plan to ensure they played their part in ensuring a safer school, including the declaration of days for prayer and protest. He said, “I hereby declare 11th June as the national students’ day of prayers. Prayers shall be offered for the repose of our students who have died in the hands of kidnappers. Prayers shall be held for the safe return of our students who are still with their kidnappers. “I hereby declare June 12, 2021, as the National Day of Peaceful Protest to call on the government to act decisively towards addressing insecurity in our schools, campuses and also announce a proactive measure or strategy towards ensuring safer schools.” Asefon, while responding to a question on the choice of Democracy Day (June 12) for students’ protest, queried, “What are we celebrating as democracy when many of our students are in kidnappers’ den? “What are we celebrating when people are not at peace, when insecurity is threatening our existence when killings and banditry are the order of the day? Democracy is about people, but what are we celebrating as democracy day when the people are being killed?”   Source Claims and counterclaims, yesterday, trailed the fate of the abducted students of Government Girls Secondary School, Jangebe, Zamfara State. While one source said they had been released and were in the palace of the Emir of Anka waiting for transportation to Gusau, the state capital, earlier in the day, another… In "News" The National Association of Nigerian Students has backed the decision of President Muhammadu Buhari to extend the tenure of Mohammed Adamu as Inspector-General of Police for three months. The students body faulted the leadership of the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA), for instituting legal action against the Presidency, claiming that the… In "News" Private and missionary schools have shut down in Imo State as a result of the sit-at-home ordered by the Indigenous People of Biafra on Monday, May 31, 2021, throughout the South-East region. Residents of Owerri also resorted to panic buying on Thursday in order to prepare for the possible fallout… In "Features"