Security forces have rescued some students of the Federal Government College Birnin Yauri in Kebbi State abducted by kidnappers.  However, one of the rescued students is dead.  Recall that at least 70 students of the school were abducted alongside 4 teachers. According to Channels Television, five persons comprising four students and a teacher were rescued by the Joint Taskforce Component of Operation Hadari Daji. The Deputy Force Commander of the Joint Taskforce in the North-West Zone, Air Commodore Abubakar AbdulKadir, confirmed this on Friday to reporters in Zamfara State. He explained that the troops came in contact with the bandits in the early hours and engaged them in a gun duel, which forced them to abandon five of the students and a teacher. One of the students whose identity was not revealed later died, although the military officer did not specifically state how it happened. “In the early hours of this morning hours, we have come across the kidnappers. They came to our blocking point, and we engaged them,” Abdulkadir said. He added, “At that point, they abandoned five of the students and one of the teachers. Unfortunately, I think we have lost one of the students.”  Source It was a bloody day on Wednesday as gunmen went on the rampage in various parts of the country. They killed two policemen in an attack on the Adani divisional headquarters in Enugu State. In Kaduna State, bandits killed a worker and abducted a yet-to-be specified number of students from… In "News" John Shiklam in Kaduna, Ibrahim Shuaibu in Kano, Francis Sardauna in Katsina, and Laleye Dipo in Minna No fewer than 618 schools have remained closed in six northern states over the fear of attack and abduction of pupils and members of staff, according to a tally by THISDAY. Also, barely… In "News" According to Daily Trust, some bandits have abducted some students of Federal Government Girls College, Birnin Yauri, Kebbi State. Details of the incident are still sketchy but there are reports that a security operative was shot dead during the operation. The attackers, who rode on motorcycles, were said to have… In "News"