Ogun State Government has recorded an average of N13.3billion monthly as Internally Generated Revenue (IGR) in the first quarter of 2021.  The government said it is also planning to raise its yearly Gross Domestic Product (GDP) rate from the current single digit by 25 percent. The Commissioner for Finance, Dapo Okubadejo disclosed this to newsmen in Abeokuta ahead of the state’s investment summit tagged: ‘OgunIseya21: Becoming Africa’s Model Industrial and Logistics Hub’, slated for July 13th-14th, 2021. Okubadejo who doubles as the State’s Chief Economic Adviser, noted that the state’s IGR had experienced an upward movement after last year’s shortfall due to the Covid-19 pandemic and the attendant lockdown. “We had a significant turnaround in the first quarter of this year. In fact, as at April, we have done almost N40bn in the Internally Generated Revenue. Our target this year is to exceed all the previous records we have set in IGR. That’s why we have put in place, all these transformation initiatives, friendly policies and also facilitate this investment summit to further showcase Ogun State as preferred industrial destination,” he said.  The Finance Commissioner was supported in highlighting the investment potentials of the summit by his counterparts from the Ministries of Industry, Trade and Investment, Mrs. Kikelomo Longe; Works and Infrastructure, Ade Adesanya; Culture and Tourism, Toyin Taiwo; Budget and Planning, Olaolu Olabimtan and the Director General, Public Private Partnership, Dapo Oduwole. By Emmanuel Oloniruha   Abuja -  The Kwara Government says it has achieved growth in its average monthly Internally Generated Revenue (IGR) from N600 million in 2015 to N2.2 billion in the first quarter of 2018. Gov. Abdulfatah Ahmed disclosed this at the Nigeria Governors’ Forum (NGF) Secretariat’s 4th Annual… In "Business" • Ogun At 63%, As 28 States Make Less Than 30% (Sundiata Finance) – Lagos and Ogun states are fast moving away from other states in the country in financial capacity, following their ability to generate over 60 per cent of their revenue internally. The two states generated 73 per… In "Business" By Thompson Yamput   Jos   -     The Plateau Government on Tuesday declared N3.09 billion Internally Generated Revenue (IGR) in the first quarter of 2018. Mr Dashe Arlat, the Chairman, Plateau State Internal Revenue Service (PSIRS), made this known in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria… In "News"