Abuja – In a bid to foster positive business relationships, Fidelity Bank makes concerted efforts aimed at collaborating with the private and public sectors. The Bank had in the past paid courtesy visits to industrialists and top government officials such as the Governors of Ogun State, Lagos State, Oyo State, Imo State and Osun State, as well as the Founder of BUA Group, Abdulsamad Rabiu.  Just recently, EXCO members of the Bank led by Managing Director/CEO, Mrs. Nneka Onyeali-Ikpe paid a courtesy visit to the Office of the Senate President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, His Excellency, Distinguished Senator (Dr.) Ahmad Ibrahim Lawan. The purpose of the visit was to strengthen the existing relationship and support government’s economic initiatives,   Fostering Business Relationship. L –R. Executive Director, North, Fidelity Bank Plc, Alhaji Hassan Imam; President of the Senate, Dr. Ahmad Ibrahim Lawan, CON. and Managing Director/CEO, Fidelity Bank Plc, Mrs. Nneka Onyeali- Ikpe when EXCO members of Fidelity Bank led by Mrs. Nneka Onyeali –Ikpe paid a courtesy visit to the Office of the Senate President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, His Excellency, Distinguished Senator (Dr.) Ahmad Ibrahim Lawan…recently. L –R. Senator representing Katsina South Senatorial District, Senator Bello Mandiya; Executive Director, North, Fidelity Bank Plc, Alhaji Hassan Imam; President of the Senate, Dr. Ahmad Ibrahim Lawan, CON.; Managing Director/CEO, Fidelity Bank Plc, Mrs. Nneka Onyeali- Ikpe; and Senator representing Jigawa North West Senatorial District, Senator Abdullahi Gumel when EXCO members of Fidelity Bank led by Mrs. Nneka Onyeali –Ikpe paid a courtesy visit to the Office of the Senate President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, His Excellency, Distinguished Senator (Dr.) Ahmad Ibrahim Lawan…recently For some time now, Christianity has been under all kinds of threats. Chief among them is the persecution by fanatical sects who use Islam as a convenient tool to perpetrate evil against Christians. In Nigeria for instance, we’ve witnessed the callous escapades of Boko Haram and more recently the Fulani… In "Opinion" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - Senate President, Dr. Abubakar Bukola Saraki, has urged commercial banks operating in the country to partner with the Federal Government to effectively tackle corruption in the system. This is even as a machinery is in motion to train the 109 senators, as well as their aides… In "News" Fidelity Bank Plc at the weekend clinched the award for Commercial Bank of the Year at the 2020 edition of BusinessDay Banks and Other Financial Institutions (BAFI) Awards held in Lagos. The bank won the award in recognition of its support for economic activities in the real sectors of the… In "News"