A former All Progressives Congress lawmaker, Shehu Sani has accused President Muhammadu Buhari of plunging the masses into a state of untold suffering by increasing electricity tariff and pump price of fuel, while diverting the attention of Nigerians with open grazing.  In a tweet, the former lawmaker lamented that the Federal Government got approval for $6Billion foreign loan and N895 supplementary budget without challenge. Sani tweeted: “While northerners and southerners attention are diverted to debate on closed or open grazing, the FG is increasing tariff on electricity, jacking up pump price of pms and getting approval for $6Billion foreign loan and N895 supplementary budget, without any challenge from anywhere.” President Buhari had backed the return of cattle grazing paths, allowing herdsmen trail designated routes across Nigeria. Buhari made the remark during an interview with Arise Television. Despite the President’s stand, state governors from the Southern part of the country have expressed their displeasure with open grazing. The governors have severally insisted that they have no open grazing routes in their states.  Source There is tension in the camp of the Senate President, Ahmad Lawan, over increasing protests from lawmakers, following recent actions taken by President Muhammadu Buhari-led administration. The fear, Daily Sun gathered, is borne of claims that some of the lawmakers drawn from the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and the ruling… In "Politics" Following the fresh increase in the price of fuel to N151 per liter and electricity tariff to N66 per kwh under the All Progressives Congress (APC) and its government, The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has rejected it, describing such as ''callous, cruel, and punishing.'' In a statement released by its… In "Politics" The President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), says it will be “grossly irresponsible” to borrow to subsidise electricity tariff amid the economic crunch caused by the lockdown occasioned by the COVID-19 pandemic. He also said no provision was made for fuel subsidy in the Revised 2020 Budget, noting that about… In "News"