President Muhammadu Buhari has gotten an ultimatum from Niger Delta leaders.  According to the leaders, Buhari must restructure the country in three months. Leaders of the oil rich region also charged the Federal Government to convene a national dialogue within the time frame. The ultimatum was contained in a communiqué issued at the end of a South-South zonal conference on restructuring held in Port Harcourt, Rivers State. They threatened to actualise their freedom if the government failed to meets their demands at the end of the ultimatum. According to the communiqué, the Niger Delta leaders also called for the devolution of powers to the states. The communiqué read: “We the people of the Niger Delta hereby give the Government of Nigeria a three months window, within which to cordially address our concerns towards re-federalising the polity, by convening a national dialogue of the representatives of the ethnic groups in Nigeria to chart a new course for the country. “At the expiration of this three-month window, we the people of the Niger Delta will commence the process that will guarantee our freedom and progress. Our people should mobilise all human resources to see that fiscal federalism and devolution of powers are includes in the constitution.” The meeting had in attendance a career diplomat and Nigeria’s former Ambassador to Czechoslovakia, Dr. Godknows Igali and the National Chairman of the Pan Niger Delta Forum, Senator Emmanuel Ebok-Essien. Popular Ijaw leader, Chief Edwin Clark, was represented by Chief Obiuwevbi Ominimini. A few days ago, Buhari has said he is waiting for the National Assembly on the issue of restructuring.  Source By Emmanuel Mogbede Abuja  -   Director-General, Voice of Nigeria (VON), has decried the ultimatum given by Ijaw National Leader, Chief Edwin Clark, to the Federal Government to constitute negotiation team on Niger Delta’s demands. Okechukwu told newsmen on Wednesday in Abuja that rather than engage inn propaganda, Clark should support… In "News" By Reuben Abati Niger Delta Avengers is the name of a new group of militants in the Niger Delta who claim to be different from the former agitators and militants who operated between 2006 and 2009, largely under the umbrella of the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta… In "Opinion" Niger Delta militants, yesterday, warned that youths from the Northern part of the country are worsening the already tensed situation in the country. The group spoke against the backdrops of a 30-day ultimatum by the youths to President Muhammadu Buhari and the Federal Government to implement the Ruga settlement policy.… In "News"