ABUJA –  Youths under the aegis of Coalition of Civil Society (CSOs), Osun State in their scores on Saturday morning converged at the popular Oke-Fai roundabout for democracy day, June 12 rally amid heavy security in the state capital. The youths started converging around 7:30am beside the patrol vehicle of Amotekun and NSCDC with banner and placards demanding for better Nigeria and for a country that works for all. One of the leaders of the Youths, Comrade Waheed Saka, said, “We cannot ruin the economic activities of our state all in the name that some secessionist agitators want to protest. We are here today to demand a better country that works for all, we want a secure environment.” There was a heavy security presence in Osogbo as patrol vehicles of security agencies were stationed at major junctions. Security presence was noticed at State Secretariat, Ola-Iya, Aregbe, Oke-Fia and Old Garage. Military and police were on patrol around the state capital. Shops and other businesses were closed as there are fewer activities of commercial buses and motorcycles in the state capital over speculated violence that may accompany the June 12 rally especially the threat by Yoruba nation agitators.(Nation).  •Igboho addressing Yoruba nation rally held at the Nelson Mandela Freedom Park in Osogbo on Saturday Chief Sunday Adeyemo, popularly known as Sunday Igboho, on Saturday, declared that elections would no longer be allowed in Yorubaland until the region became an independent nation. Igboho, who spoke in Yoruba language at… In "Top Stories" •Igboho (with loudspeaker) addressing Yoruba Nation agitators . . . Saturday in Osogbo. PHOTO: The Nation Yoruba Nation agitator, Sunday Adeyemo popularly known as Sunday Igboho, has arrived Osogbo, the capital of Osun State, to join other agitators who had stormed the streets at the early hours of Saturday. "Igboho… In "Top Stories" Despite the dissolution of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad by the Inspector-General of Police, Mohammed Adamu, Nigerian youths on Monday resumed protests in different parts of the country.   The protesters said aside from the scrapping of the unit, they wanted all arrested protesters released and justice for all victims… In "News"