Human rights lawyer, Femi Falana (SAN) has lambasted the federal government for sending police officers after peaceful June 12 protesters.  He said the arrest of the protesters is unlawful and an infringement on their constitutional right to protest. Falana who demanded for an apology from the police to all protesters arrested in Abuja, Lagos and Calabar during the peaceful protests, accused the police of violating the freedom of expression with the arrests. He added that provisions of Section 94 (4) of the Electoral Act 2010 (as amended), limits the police to provision of adequate security during rallies, processions and meetings. The statement read; “More so that the police had deliberately contravened Section 83 (4) of the Police Establishment Act 2020 which provides that “Where a person or organization notifies the police of his or its intention to hold a public meeting, rally or procession on a public highway or such meetings in a place where the public has access to, the police officer responsible for the area where the meeting rally or procession will take place shall mobilize personnel to provide security cover for the meeting, rally or the procession.” “Since the Police admitted that protesters committed no offence whatsoever why were some of them arrested? Why were the so called hoodlums and miscreants who wanted to cause mayhem and unleash violence on the protesters not arrested? Or were they treated like sacred cows because they had been hired to disrupt the peaceful rallies of the protesters? “Why were the scanty pro-government protesters who were reported to have fought openly in Abuja over their booty not arrested for breach of the peace in the Federal Capital Territory?” Source By Emmanuel Onwubiko Last week, lots of dramatic scenarios played out regarding what then was the proposal by the iconic musician Mr. Innocent Tuface Idibia to lead out disaffected Nigerians in a nationwide protest against the exorbitant and excruciating costs of living. Before intellectual buffoons confuse economic adversities with the… In "Opinion" #EndSARS protesters, the Alliance for Survival of COVID-19 and Beyond, human rights groups and lawyers on Sunday warned the Federal Government against deploying troops to stop Nigerians campaigning for police reforms.   They warned the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), that such an action would backfire.   Campaigners, demanding… In "News" #EndSARS protesters, human rights organisations and lawyers on Thursday took a swipe at the Minister of the Federal Capital Territory, Mallam Mohammed Bello, over the ban on street protests in the FCT.   Leaders of the movement campaigning for the disbanding of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad of the Nigeria Police,… In "News"