The National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) says three bodies have so far been recovered from the scene of Thursday night’s tanker explosion on Mobolaji Bank Anthony Way, Ikeja, Lagos State.  Mr Ibrahim Farinloye, Acting Zonal Coordinator, South West Zonal Office, NEMA, confirmed the development to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Ikeja on Friday. NAN reports that a Liquefied Petroleum Gas ( LPG) tanker had exploded while in motion at about 10.32 p.m. Farinloye said the resulting fire travelled with the wind to the premises of Ogun State Property Investment Company (OPIC) Plaza beside Sheraton Hotel, which houses different commercial outfits including a Chinese Restaurant. He said: “We have so far recovered three bodies from the incident. The bodies were recovered from the generator house of OPIC Plaza and the restaurant. “Search and rescue is still ongoing from the the collapsed buildings.” He had earlier told NAN that the fire was put out at about 12.30 a.m. after concerted efforts of five fire trucks from Lagos State Fire Service and two trucks from Lagos State Emergency Management Agency Response Unit. “The initial search and rescue activities revealed that 13 persons sustained various degrees of burns. Out of this, nine are males while four are females,” Farinloye said. He said the victims were given first aid at the Lagos State University Teaching Hospital (LASUTH). He said four of them with severe injuries were later transfered to the Trauma and Burns Centre at Gbagada General Hospital, Lagos. “Preliminary assessment on vehicles damaged indicated that about 25 were destroyed as at now. “Comprehensive post disaster assessment on the extent of general damages would be done later today,” Farinloye had said. (NAN) facebook sharing button Sharetwitter sharing button Tweetlinkedin sharing button Sharewhatsapp sharing buttonemail sharing buttonpinterest sharing button  By Solomon Asowata Lagos -  The National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) on Friday said that its impact assessment of Thursday’s explosion of a gas tanker in Iju area of Lagos had revealed that 44 persons sustained varying degrees of injuries in the incident. Mr Ibrahim Farinloye, Acting Zonal Coordinator, South… In "News" A warehouse belong to the National Emergency Management Agency was gutted by fire - The warehouse, which is situated at Ikeja, Lagos, was destroyed by fire on Saturday, April 21 - The spokesman for the agency said the warehouse was being used to keep relief materials The National Emergency Management… In "News" LAGOS - The National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) on Thursday evening said that the pipeline fire at Ije-Ododo in Ojo Local Government area of Lagos State has been put out. The fire has been raging in the area for three days after the petroleum pipeline explosion on Monday night following… In "News"