OWERRI – Gunmen suspected to be kidnappers at the early hours of Sunday kidnapped two women in Imo, immediately after first church service at different locations of Ohii and Dim na nume, Isu areas of the State, respectively. The first incident, which happened at Ohii in Owerri West local government area of the state, precisely at St Philip’s Anglican Church, Ohii Parish, saw the gunmen alight from their vehicles and kidnapped one Mrs lkenna Onwusoroaka inside the church premises. The kidnappers were said to have driven out with her in their vehicle, leaving the woman’s car behind. Youth of Orogwe Archdeaconry, who were holding their camp/conference at the church premises, had to run for their lives, according to an eye witness. Similarly, at Dim na Nume, Isu, in Nwangele local government area of the state, another gang was said to have kidnapped a Catholic reverend sister a few minutes after the Ohii incident. Sources around the area, who witnessed the incident told, Daily Sun that the reverend sister was driving in her car when the kidnappers double-crossed her vehicle, forcing her to a screech. (Daily Sun) Gunmen, in the early hours of Tuesday, invaded Malum community, a suburb of Ardo-Kola Local Government Area of Taraba State and kidnapped Reverend Solomon Jediel. The gunmen after whisking the preacher away contacted the family members and informed them to start saving money for his ransom. Wife of the victim,… In "Top Stories" •Imo State governor, Hope Uzodinma OWERRI - Investigations have revealed that hoodlums operating as “unknown gunmen” have relocated to the rural areas of Imo state. It was gathered in Owerri that since this week, there have been kidnapping and shooting happening in some villages. This scenario started playing out days… In "News" By Sola Ojo, Kaduna  Pastor in charge of Living Faith Church, Ungwan Romi, in Kaduna, Jeremiah Omilewa, has been allegedly killed by kidnappers along Kaduna─Abuja highway. The kidnappers are demanding N20 ransom on the abducted wife who was seized during the unfortunate incident that happened on Sunday night. The late… In "Top Stories"