Lagos State Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu has called on the Federal Government to handle the Twitter standoff better, adding that e-commerce has been affected by the suspension of the micro-blogging site in Nigeria.  “People are losing money but there are also security issues. Let us be circumspect and not throw the baby away with the bathwater,” Mr Sanwo-Olu stated this on Monday on Arise TV’s The Morning Show. The governor added that although he could not say if the suspension was right or wrong, he felt the Federal Government could establish rules of engagement with Twitter. He said, “Regarding the specifics around Twitter, I cannot sit down here with all of the responsibilities that I have and fly (sic) the commander in chief of the armed forces. He would have the prognosis and security information that I do not have. I cannot begin to say that was he’s done is right or wrong. “What I see is that on both sides, there are issues that can be resolved between Twitter and the (Federal) Government and I think what they’ve done is not a ban but a suspension. So, in the period of suspension, let us sit down…we need to have that conversation with them (Twitter). “In other climes, they sign some underlying agreements on the rules of engagement. I am not sure that is happening here. Having said that, the Federal Government can also handle things a lot better because of the number of e-commerce, because of the number of youths that are doing a lot of things on the internet and we cannot throw that away. “I believe there could be better restrain and management from both sides. In the next one or two days, let us see that happen. Lagos is hurting, our youths are hurting, Nigeria is hurting, let us understand the issues and put it behind us so that we don’t politicise it.” Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu has reacted to the unrest witnessed in the last few days in some Mainland communities of Lagos state. Speaking to newsmen after an emergency Security Council meeting in which all the various heads of the state security agencies were present, Sanwo-Olu said over 100 suspects have been… In "News" For the third time in about 10 days, Lagos State Governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has identified with the protests against the dissolved Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS). The governor braved all odds on Monday to address the protesters in Lekki where crowds of youths camped and blocked the expressway. He urged… In "News" Gboyega Akosile, the Chief Press Secretary to Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu of Lagos State, has joined the hashtag #LekkiLies on Twitter. The hashtag became a trend after the US Department of States said it could not verify if #EndSARS protesters were killed at the Lekki toll gate in Lagos on October… In "News"