Prophet Joshua Iginla, the General Overseer of Champions Royal Assembly, has revealed what the late televangelist, Prophet Temitope Balogun Joshua said after he told him the prophecy he saw about his death.  According to DailyPost, Iginla recalled that T.B Joshua, who is the founder of the Synagogue Church Of All Nations, SCOAN, said he was not afraid of death and was ready to die at any time after he revealed his prophecy to him. In a statement, Iginla recalled that thrice he had “a vision in 2015, 2016 and 2018 that a great man of God is quitting the scene, it was T.B Joshua.” Iginla added that when he communicated the vision to him, T.B Joshua said: “Thank You, my brother. If it’s his wish to keep me, he will keep me. “There is nothing I am afraid of anymore. I think I have done the work the Lord sent me. I will always take a bow to the sovereignty of God”. He referred to the deceased as a man of humility, ambassador of love to the less privileged, and a blessing to the body of Christ. The televangelist died on Saturday evening in Lagos shortly after a church service at the SCOAN. TB Joshua was said to have died while on his way to the hospital and his corpse has been deposited at the Isolo General Hospital.  Source Popular Abuja prophet, Joshua Iginla has warned President Muhammadu Buhari, to take care of his health by “adhering to medical advice”. Iginla, who first predicted Buhari’s sudden unscheduled medical trip, warned him not to “allow politicians play politics with his health.” The cleric,  said he saw the vision while in… In "News" Controversial Nigerian preacher, Prophet T.B. Joshua, is in the news again after his ministrations reportedly turned a transgender Paraguayan woman back into a man. Prophet TB Joshua has been known to reportedly 'heal' deadly diseases and deformities, offer financial aid to the needy both within and outside his church, and… In "Metro" Skipper of Ghana’s 2009 U-20 World Cup-winning team, Gladson Awako, has credited Nigeria’s prophet, Temitope Joshua for their success in Egypt, The Nation reports. Eleven years after Ghana won the cup, Awako, 31, who is now Captain of Ghana’s leading club, Great Olympics, revealed how Prophet T.B. Joshua helped them… In "Sports"