 Police in Bayelsa have apprehended a 29 year-old man, Apkoviri Jimmy, from Irhodo Community, Ethiope West Local Government Area of Delta, over alleged impersonation of a medical practitioner.  JJimm, who claimed to be a graduate of Psychology from Delta State University, Abraka, was arrested at a popular private hospital, Tobis Hospital, while trying to secure employment as a surgeon. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the Commissioner of Police, Mike Okoli, while parading the suspect in Yenagoa, said the imposter had been going round hospitals within Delta and Bayelsa as a medical doctor. Okoli, represented by the Commands Public Relations Officer, SP Asinim Butswat, said that Jimmy had posed as Dr Charles Ume, serving in Taraba. He said there were several reported concerns about the suspect’s inability to use medical terminologies during test diagnosis as a medical Doctor, thereby raising suspicion over his qualifications, which later led to his arrest. The Permanent Secretary, Bayelsa Ministry of Health, Dr Ebiye Sawyer, expressed the state government’s resolve to deliver quality healthcare services to its citizens; hence, it does not give any room for quackery in the state. Also Speaking, the Chairman, Nigeria Medical Association, (NMA) Bayelsa State Branch, Dr Ngowari Torunana, said upon the arrest of the suspect, they contacted the Medical and Dental Council of Nigeria which confirmed that the suspect was an impostor. The suspect told newsmen that he was not the owner of the Medical Certificate in his possession and that he has been using a friend’s certificate seeking for a job as a medical doctors, but denied knowledge of impersonation. “I met the owner of the credentials in a bus while travelling to Abuja and we took some pictures. while transferring the picture to me, he also transferred copies of his credentials. This is the first time am using it,’’ he said. (NAN) Prince Reporting for Sundiata Post from Yenegoa Abuja (Sundiata Post) - A Police Inspector posted from the Mobile Police formation in Asaba, Delta State, has been confirmed dead, owing to alleged gunshot injuries suffered from the mayhem at the aborted rally of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Nembe, Bayelsa… In "News" Bayelsa State health sector has been thrown into dilemma following the birth of Siamese Twins to the family of Raphael Ayebaenaemi by his 24-year-old wife, Ebiyefa. It was gathered that the conjoined twins were born through a caesarian operation at the Nembe General Hospital, Nembe Local Government Area, on December… In "News" A suspected herder has inflicted serious injuries on a teenage boy and his father at Osuan forest in former President Goodluck Jonathan’s community of Otuoke in Ogbia Local Government Area of Bayelsa State. It was gathered the herder attacked Mr Goodhead Nation and his 18-year-old son, Samuel Nation, over his… In "News"