Popular singer, Davido, on Monday, shared a video of Wizkid singing along to ‘Ke Star’ — a song he made with Focalistic.  Shortly after Davido shared the video on his Instagram story, fans of both artistes have started reacting on social media. Often, fans of the singers are known for attacking each other on social media as they seize the slightest opportunity to compare the accomplished singers. A tweep, @Bigdera, opined that Davido was excited to see Wizkid ‘vibing’ to his song. He wrote, “Davido is such a huge fan, he was definitely shocked to see the Big Wiz vibe to his song. Starboy dey for everybody.” (sic) Another tweep, @swagger_jefferey, wrote, “See how the whole country is celebrating Wizkid vibing to Davido featured song… Even Davido himself… Big Wiz the new Drake… E choke.” (sic) Apparently a Davido fan, a tweep with the handle @rozapepper noted that Wizkid’s fans were celebrating as Davido featured the Starboy on his Instagram which has over 20 million followers. The Twitter user wrote, “Wizkid FC celebrates as Davido introduces Wizkid to his over 20m Instagram followers,” Another tweep, @Donpero, said, “Davido is always supporting and posting upcoming artists like Wizkid. We truly rise by lifting others.” A Wzkid fan, @Olabosipos, responded, “Wizkid is always supporting and vibing to upcoming artists like Davido, we truly rise by lifting others.” Other tweeps, however, slammed their fans for the unnecessary rivalry, claiming that both artistes are on good terms with each other. A tweep, @90sSophie, wrote, “Wizkid and Davido don’t have ‘beef’, their fan base have issues and they are just playing along.” “Wizkid vibed to Davido’s song inside a private jet and Davido reposted it but you with one singlet and boxer will be cussing and blocking people on the timeline because of ”Wizkid is better than Davido’ arguments,” @drpenking tweeted. Another Twitter user, @ladykestero, wrote, “You can stan Davido and still stan Wizkid. Stop trying to create unnecessary comparisons, they’re both greats.”   By Joy Obanya/Prisca Osaje     Abuja    -     Nigerian musician David Adeleke aka Davido posted a heartfelt message to celebrate the birthday of Afropop star Ayodeji Balogun aka Wizkid. Davido, who is currently in Paris ahead of the Afro Punk concert, shared the message on his Twitter handle @iam_davido, as… In "Entertainment" By Anita Eboigbe Abuja - Celebrities and fans alike have continued to congratulate musician, David ‘Davido’ Adeleke and his fiancée, Chioma Avril on the birth of their son. News Agency of Nigeria, (NAN) reports that superstar, Wizkid and Migos singer, Quavo are among fans and celebrities who have congratulated the… In "Entertainment" A video snippet has surfaced online which shows iconic singer, Davido, cautioning his second child, Hailey, against twerking. At a party, the little girl wanted to show off her dancing skills to onlookers as she assumed the ‘twerking position’. Her superstar father hurriedly stopped her by taping her lightly on… In "Entertainment"