 The German armed forces were withdrawing an entire armoured infantry platoon from a NATO mission in Lithuania and the troops are due to return to Germany on Thursday, following suspicions of serious misconduct.  The main soldier who was accused may also be subjected to summary dismissal under the soldiers act, the defence ministry said on Wednesday. The Military Counterintelligence Service (MAD) was also involved in the investigation. Suspicions had arisen in the course of the investigations of further irregularities, with a shortage of ammunition running to the triple digit range. Investigations have already revealed initial suspicions of criminal offences from sexual assault to insults that could be based on racism, coercion and extremist behaviour. Right-wing extremist and anti-Semitic songs were sung at a party in a hotel at the end of April, according to the Spiegel news magazine, which first reported on the case. An alleged sexual assault was also filmed. Defence Minister, Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer, has pledged to hold others accountable if they held information that they failed to share. (NAN) NEW YORK - The UN mission to the Central African Republic (CAR) has launched an investigation into allegations that one of its soldiers sexually abused a child, UN spokesman, Stephane Dujarric said on Friday. ``The head of the mission has notified local authorities and the government of the troop-contributing country… In "Foreign" BY SAHARAREPORTERS Boko Haram militants attacked a platoon led by the son of former President Olusegun Obasanjo, shooting him today. He sustained serious injuries to his legs and was being transported to the hospital at the time of this report. Adeboye Obasanjo, an army engineer, was a Lieutenant Colonel at… In "News" Gadebusch (Germany) - The metal part of a bra saved a female tourist from suffering greater injury when she was hit by a stray piece of ammunition during a hunt in northern Germany, police reported Friday. The 41year-old woman from North Rhine-Westphalia was cycling through a rape field in the… In "Foreign"