ABUJA – The Nigerian Navy has refuted a report of a trending video on the social media claiming that a helicopter was delivering arms to Fulani herdsmen in a forest in Badagry, Lagos. The spokesperson of the Nigerian Navy Commodore Suleman Dahun told PRNigeria that the helicopter was on a training mission. A video clip emerged to the effect that a strange helicopter was spotted by a number of young men, landing in the bush in the Badagry area of Lagos state on Thursday 3rd June 2021. The video was shared on various social media platforms claiming that it was supplying arms to insurgents in the area. While Speaking to PRNigeria, Naval Spokesperson, Commodore Suleman Dahun confirmed that there is a military training area in Magbon, Badagry. “If we want to go for training we take permission from Lagos control tower and fly there, land, and do other maneuvers and come back. How does that amount to carrying arms for terrorists or bandits ?” he added. While describing the social media reports as fake news, Dahun added that some of the people around during the training area were amused by the aircraft’s maneuvers and appreciated it. PRNigeria observed that in the video the helicopter landed without dropping off or picking up any persons or things before taking off again. By Stanley NwanosikeEnugu. -. The Nigerian Air Force (NAF), said the recent social media report alleging that its training helicopters were “dropping weapons” in Akwuke Forest in Enugu State was totally fabricated by mischief-makers to cause disaffection among Nigerians. Flight-Lt. Faith Aigbeoghain, acting Command, Public Relations and Information Officer of… In "News" ... Says the report was "deliberately misleading and obviously concocted by the writer to cause disaffection and incite negative, divisive emotions". ABUJA (Press Release) - The statement from NAF reads: FALSE REPORTS OF AIRCRAFT DELIVERING ITEMS IN AKUKWE FOREST AREA OF ENUGU STATE The attention of Headquarters Ground Training Command… In "Top Stories" By Doris EsaAbuja - Nigerian Navy has released the list of successful candidates in the 2019 recruitment interview held in Lagos between July 29 and Aug. 27. Navy Director of Information, Commodore Suleman Dahun, announced this in a statement on Thursday in Abuja, adding that the list could be accessed… In "News"