JOS – The University of Jos (UNIJOS) has hired local hunters to beef up security within and around the campus, its outgoing vice-chancellor, Prof.Sabastine Maimako has stated. Maimako announced this on Tuesday during the valedictory session to mark the end of his five-year tenure.He said: “It is no longer news that the security situation in the country is quite tenuous. This is why under my administration we made frantic efforts to ensure that all lives and property within the University are adequately protected. When we got a security report that we were the soft targets, we closed our hostels for almost two weeks and suspended lecturers eventually. “Now before we could reopen, we were given a condition that we must employ the services of local hunters to help us secure our hostels,particularly at night. “Today, this is where we are but thanks to God the Director of Peace and Conflict Studies looking at the happening, he has offered to trainthese hunters on the rule of engagement in their working in the university,” he said. He noted the institution has collaborated with various security experts for a significant drop in crimes on campus while some staff were recruited to address the deficits in security personnel. He said his administration initiated and completed 85 projects which have been commissioned. The Vice chancellor explainedthat  out of the 75 programmes, which the institution was to run, 43 have full accreditation status while 30programmes have interim accreditation status. (The Nation) By Peter Amine Jos - The University of Jos on Saturday, graduated 11, 431 students comprising 74 first class, three distinctions (Pharmacy) and 97 Doctors of Philosophy (PhDs). Prof. Sabastian Maimako, Vice- Chancellor (VC) of the University gave the figures at the university’s 31st and 32nd combined convocation in Jos.… In "News" By Peter Amine Jos  -  The Federal Government through the Tertiary Education Trust Fund (TETFund) has awarded a contract of N720 million to renovate the burnt library complex of University of Jos. Prof. Sebastian Maimako, the Vice-Chancellor of the university disclosed this on Friday while briefing newsmen on his achievements… In "News" A senior lecturer with the University of Jos, Dr Dan Ella, who was kidnapped by gunmen has regained his freedom. It was learnt that Ella was picked up on Thursday night along Jos-Bauchi Road after his abductors released him. The University don with the Department of Theatre Arts in the… In "News"