By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –   The Senate has passed the Nigerian Postal Service (Repeal and Reenactment) Bill, 2021, which seeks to unbundle the agency to ensure efficiency in service delivery. Also passed during plenary on Tuesday was a bill to enact the Medical and Dental Practitioners Bill to establish the Medical and Dental Professions in Nigeria. The passage of both bills followed the clause-by-clause consideration of two separate reports by the Senate Committees on Communications; and Health (Secondary and Tertiary). The reports were considered after being laid by the Communications Committee Chairperson, Senator Oluremi Tinubu (APC, Lagos Central); and Yahaya Oloriegbe, Chairman of the Health Committee. Giving a highlight of the NIPOST bill, Tinubu said sub-clause (1)(a) under clause 3 which deals with the Establishment and Membership of the Governing Board of the Public  Postal Operator was amended to give the Governing Board power to formulate policies and adopt strategies for the overall development of the postal sector. She added that sub-clause (1)(b) was deleted as the Board cannot borrow or raise funds for the entity while sub-clause (1)(c) was amended to align with existing legislation. According to the lawmaker, clause 5(2) was also inserted to specify the minimum qualifications for the appointment of the Postmaster-General. Tinubu further said that clause 8 which deals with the Application of Pensions Act was amended to align with the Pension Act. In addition, clause 10 which provide for the Exclusive Powers of the Public Postal Operator was amended to enable the Public Postal Operator to accredit digital or e-certificate as appropriate. Among other amendments made to the NIPOST Act 2004, was an amendment to clause 15 which deals with National Postcode System and Technical Standards. The clause was amended to enable the Public Postal Operator, subject to existing legislation, to enter into a Public Private Partnership (PPP) or other similar arrangement to carry out any of its obligation. During consideration of the report, the Senate amended sub-clause 3 to provide that, “the Minister may, with the approval of the President, at any time remove any member of the Board from office on the grounds of misconduct, conviction, infirmity or disease of the mind.” The chamber also amended clause 5(1) to make the appointment of the Postmaster General the exclusive prerogative of the President as against the recommendation of the Minister. The amendments were made following a proposal to that effect by the Deputy Senate President, Ovie Omo-Agege (APC, Delta Central) and seconded by the Deputy Whip, Aliyu Sabi Abdullahi. Meanwhile, the Senate also on Tuesday received the report of the Committee on Public Accounts on the Annual report of the Auditor-General for the Federation on the accounts of the Federation for the year ended 31st December, 2015. The report was laid during plenary by the Committee’s Chairman, Senator Matthew Urhoghide (PDP, Edo South). By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate has commenced moves to unbundle the Nigerian Postal Service with the consideration of a bill to repeal and re-enact the Nigerian Postal Service Act 2004. The bill which scaled second reading on Tuesday was sponsored by Senator Oluremi Tinubu (APC, Lagos… In "Top Stories" …As Senate mulls 112 as toll free number to report accidents, kidnappings, others    By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, on Monday said that the National Toll-Free Emergency Bill presently before the National Assembly would establish a channel and put in place a structure to guarantee… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate has taken steps to give legal backing to the National Emergency Number 112, being implemented by the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) through it’s Emergency Communication Centres (ECC). Recall that the emergency number bill passed second reading on Wednesday, April 21, 2021… In "Top Stories"