There are countless people struggling with debt in the United States today. If you don’t even know how much you owe, or are constantly avoiding collections calls, it might be a sign you‘re in over your head in debt. Debt relief programs provide one avenue out of debt for those who otherwise can’t do so. Here are some of the pros and cons of Accredited Debt Relief. Pros Let’s start things off by looking at some of the best aspects of Accredited Debt Relief. These are a few of the top things you should know: Get out of Debt in 12-48 Months Just about everyone who’s struggling with debt wants to get out of it. The faster this can be done, the better. While there’s no such thing as a free lunch, certain forms of debt relief can help you beat your debt faster than would otherwise be possible. This is the case when you complete an Accredited Debt Relief program, which typically lasts 12-48 months. Pay Less Than You Owe on Your Debt When working with Accredited Debt Relief, you’ll be signed up for a debt settlement program. This is where the debt relief company negotiates the amount you owe with the lender in order to reduce the amount you’ll have to pay back. To do this, you actually stop paying your creditors directly, and instead send money to the debt relief company to be held in a dedicated account. We’ll discuss the flip side of this arrangement later on. Great Consumer Reviews Looking at what other people have to say about a company is one of the best ways to gauge its competency. Accredited debt relief has some really positive feedback across the board. The Accredited Debt Relief review rating on Bills.com, for instance, gives the company an overall rating of 4.4 stars out of 5. This is very solid, especially when you consider how a service like debt relief, which is so intertwined with personal finances, is likely to raise some negative opinions. Overall, Accredited Debt Relief has great reviews from consumers. Service a Range of Unsecured Debts There are some debt relief agencies that can only work with people that have a narrow range of debt types. Fortunately, Accredited Debt Relief is able to service a broad range of unsecured debts, including credit card, medical, and retail store card debts. This means more people can potentially benefit from their services. Free Consultation You don’t have to pay anything to have a consultation with debt experts at Accredited Debt Relief. This is great for a couple reasons. First, it can give you peace of mind that you’re working with a legitimate organization that’s not just trying to take your money and run. But beyond that, you’ll want to gather as much information from as many debt relief companies as possible before choosing the one for you. Having access to greater knowledge will increase the likelihood of you making the correct choice. Cons While there are more pros listed here than cons, there are two sides to every coin. It’s important to know some of the drawbacks of Accredited Debt Relief so you don’t go in with unrealistic expectations. Not Available in All States As with many debt relief programs, Accredited Debt Relief’s services aren’t available in every state. While they currently service 31 states and Washington D.C., you’ll want to confirm your eligibility before signing up for anything. Debt Settlement Has Its Drawbacks The biggest con to Accredited Debt Relief isn’t a strike against the company itself, but is more so about the drawbacks associated with debt settlement in general. As already mentioned, this is s a process where a debt relief agency negotiates with your creditors to reduce the amount you owe. While this is awesome, there are some negative side effects. For one, debt settlement is typically going to damage your credit score. The debt settlement process inherently relies on you not paying your bills, which is going to negatively affect your standing in the eyes of lenders. Furthermore, settled debts are typically treated as income for tax purposes. While this is still vastly better than having to pay the debt back, you’ll need to prepare to pay taxes on any debt you have settled via Accredited Debt Relief. Overall, there are a lot of positives to working with Accredited Debt Relief. It’s just important you understand the cons as well so you aren’t caught off-guard once you’ve already started the process. By Amarachi Eshiogu In its nearly two decades of existence, Nigeria’s Debt Management Office, DMO, has not ceased to attract public interest in the discharge of its statutory duties. Coming at a time when the country was battling with stifling foreign and local debt, it was natural that the attention… In "Business" By Bogumil Wrobel My one line answer is: invest money in cash paying assets. My answer is based on the assumption that your goal is to get financially independent. I will show you a structured step by step process that can give you financial freedom. Enjoy the answer and start… In "News" •Prof Isaac N. Obasi For politicians, particularly those in the reins of government, this era of COVID-19 pandemic is a very trying one. It is a time that a politician would wish that his opponents (and not himself and your party) are in power. Conversely, this is the time politicians… In "Opinion"