Nigerians have taken to social media to lambast Governor Bello Muhammad Matawalle of Zamfara State for defecting from the People Democratic Party (PDP) to the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC).  According to Nigerians, Matawalle is a political prostitute who doesn’t care about the people. The Personal Assistant to President Muhammadu Buhari on Digital and New Media, Bashir Ahmed, had earlier disclosed that the governor had returned to the ruling party. The presidential aide, who made the disclosure via a post on his verified Facebook page on Sunday morning, wrote ‘’So Zamfara is back home! Welcome, Matawalle’’. However, there is no official statement to confirm that the governor has officially joined the party as at press time but Bashir’s post has triggered reactions on social media. Some Nigerians who reacted to the report on Facebook, described Nigerian politicians as “political prostitutes” who are desperate about acquiring power. Some lamented the lackadaisical attitudes of the Nigerian leaders towards the current deteriorating security situation across the country, stating that “they don’t care about us”. DAILY POST reports that Zamfara State is one of the worst hit states in the Northwest by the activities of bandits who have consistently killed numbers of residents and abducted schoolchildren from different places of learning. Here are some of the reactions as compiled by DAILY POST correspondent. Jephthah Ikedi: “Governor doesn’t vote themselves to power, the people do. With the level of insecurity in Nigeria APC becomes invalid to Nigerians”. Comr Abdulkadiri Dantsoho: “What’s wrong with Nigerian Leaders? APC spend 6 years in power with nothing to show and now some of our governors are decamping to the ruling party for them to rig the 2023 Election mtsw!”. Malam Mukhtar: “Power drunkard! It’s not new, something that comes surprising because it’s a normal and tradition for electees to jump into different homes they wished. “Most people who are joining the APC party were power drunkards and political prostitutes that just wanted to live in enjoyment and power for long periods. “All these are planning to rig elections and steal the mandate of ordinary Nigerians. Ideology no longer exists in politics”. Comr Wale Olamide: “Do they even care about their electorates? How can the governor be making such a move when his state is bleeding with the highest level of insecurity? They just don’t care about us. “All they think is how to retain seats in 2023 without thinking about whether the election would hold or not. It is a shame”.  Source GUSAU - Zamfara State Governor, Bello Matawalle has defected to the All Progressive Congress from the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). Personal Assistant to Nigeria’s President, Muhammadu Buhari on Digital and New Media, Bashir Ahmad, announced this on his verified Facebook page on Sunday morning. The presidential aide posted "So Zamfara… In "Politics" The Peoples Democratic Party has been warned that it risks losing many more governors if affairs of the party are not conducted differently. One of the party's Governors, Bello Matawalle of Zamfara State said this while praising the boldness of Ebonyi state Governor, Dave Umahi for defecting to the All… In "Politics" The All Progressives Congress has lost about 20,000 members today who dumped the party and embraced the ruling Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Zamfara State. According to a report by DailyPost, the decampees were from Bakura and Gumi Local Government areas of the state, noting that the crowd that gathered… In "Metro"