The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has dismissed viral report on the disqualification of the All Progressives Congress (APC) governorship primaries in Anambra State, saying “it is a mere ruse.” Chief Press Secretary to INEC Chairman Rotimi Oyekanmi, discredited the reports stating that, “when we issue a statement you know the source, Festus Okoye signs our official statement, have we issued any official statement saying that any political party has been disqualified?” According to him, “all these rookie journalists seeking attention, how can you just pick up a paper and you didn’t see INEC logo on it, that thing should have been concorted by someone and claiming that it is from INEC. “Another thing you should know, is that if we send people to monitor primaries of political parties, they are expected to write report but that report is not for public consumption, it is supposed to be internal report and even anyone is found acting on that report, he should be arrested because he stole the report.”  Source Dr. Obiora Okonkwo won the 2014 primary election of the PDP for Anambra Central Senatorial election. He became victim of the gale of impunity that reigned then. Since then, he has battled to regain his mandate in the courts. His challenge of the matter brought before the court in December… In "Interview" Lawmaker representing Kaura Namoda/Birnin Magaji federal constituency at the House of Representatives and one of the governorship aspirants of the APC in Zamfara State, Hon Sani Jaji Aminu  has assured that there is no cause for alarm as he is assured that Zamfara All Progressives Congress (APC) will field candidates… In "Interview" By Achilleus-Chud Uchegbu The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has fixed January 13, 2018 for the conduct of a court-ordered election into the contentious Anambra Central Senatorial district seat. In fixing the date, INEC stated in its press statement dated November 23, 2017 and signed by Mohammed Kudu Haruna, listed… In "Opinion"