Unknown gunmen have killed a Peoples Democratic Party youth leader in Imo state.  According to Punch, the victim has been identified as Kenneth Amukamara.  The hoodlums also burnt Kenneth’s house and damaged the vehicles of his brother, who is said to be a retired soldier. The incident, which happened at Umuokwe, Eziawo 1, in the local government area, heightened tension in the area. A journalist, Don Uba, who spoke on the killing of the youth leader, said residents of the area were in panic. Uba said, “The Peoples Democratic Party youth leader in the Oru-East LGA, Kenneth Amukamara, was assassinated this morning (Tuesday) in his country home. “His house was set ablaze too. Efforts made to confirm the ugly incident from the Imo State PDP Youth Leader, Greg Nwadike, who travelled to Abuja for an official assignment, proved abortive as of the time of making this post. “Information had it that his elder brother was targeted too for assassination, but he was able to escape as he is a retired military officer. Kenneth’s house and vehicles were not spared as they were set ablaze and vandalised.” The PDP State Youth Leader, Greg Nwadike, said in a statement on Tuesday that apart from killing Kenneth, the assailants also set the deceased’s house on fire. Nwadike said the party, especially the youth wing, was saddened by the killing.  Source By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Special Adviser on Political Matters to the erstwhile President of Nigeria, Ahmed Ali Gulak has been assassinated. It was gathered that he was killed in his Hotel room in Owerri, Imo State by a yet to be identified gunmen. Source said he… In "Top Stories" By Emmanuel Oloniruha Abuja - Former Imo Action Alliance (AA) governorship candidate, Mr Uche Nwosu, has expressed optimism that achievements of President Muhammadu Buhari’s administration were obvious to earn the All Progressives Congress (APC) continuity in power by 2023. Nwosu, who recently returned to the APC along with his supporters,… In "Politics" There was anxiety yesterday as the Arewa Consultative Forum (ACF) issued a travel advisory to Northerners to shelve travelling to the Southeast, unless it is absolutely compulsory. The group said the advisory became necessary in view of the recent killings of innocent Nigerians, including Northerners in the Southeast, without provocation.… In "Features"