The Olubadan of Ibadanland, Oba Saliu Adetunji, has thrown his weight behind the Presidential ambition of Chief Bola Ahmed Tinubu, the All Progressives Congress (APC) National Leader in 2023.  The Olubadan expressed his support while receiving members of the Tinubu Vanguard, a support group for Tinubu’s presidency project in Ibadan on Saturday. A statement by Dr. Johnny Benjamin, The Director-General of Tinubu Vanguard, Dr Johnny Benjamin, said this in a statement on Saturday. Olubadan described Tinubu as a good man whose stewardship as president would consolidate on the progressive agenda of the APC and propel Nigeria to the path of economic prosperity and sustainable development. “Tinubu is a good man and I will do everything within my power to support his candidacy for the 2023 presidential poll,” he said. The director-general said that representatives of Tinubu Vanguard were at the palace to intimate the Ibadan paramount ruler of their intention to deliver a Tinubu presidency in 2023, and to solicit his royal blessings.  Source The Caretaker Chairman of the All Progressives Congress in Lagos State, Mr Tunde Balogun, has disclosed that the founding fathers of the party had an agreement in 2014 that the South-West geopolitical zone will produce the party’s presidential candidate for the 2023 election. He said it would be “dishonourable” for… In "Politics" Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Chieftain, Olabode George, has slammed former governor of Lagos State, Bola Tinubu, saying the All Progressive Congress party leader is responsible for the reported crisis in the ruling party Bode George, a former Deputy National Chairman of the PDP, slammed Tinubu for allegedly mishandling the affairs… In "Politics" •Asiwaju Bola Tinubu and Comrade Adams Oshiomhole ABUJA - The sack of close associates of Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu in the just dissolved National Working Committee, NWC of the All Progressives Congress, APC is the first step towards redesigning political interests ahead of President Muhammadu Buhari’s exit in 2023. While… In "Politics"