Denrele Edun, the popular Nigerian media personality, turns 40 years old today, June 13.  Ahead of his birthday, he spoke with Chude Jideonwo about his life journey and revealed that he had once dated a man.  According to Denrele, the experience was the worst in his life and the man in question was very toxic to him all through the period they saw each other. In his words: ‘I have not been in too many relationships which is why I am always very skeptical about getting into them. So one day I said to myself, maybe the girls do not have anything to offer me and then I had quite a bit of male attention, so I said let me just give somebody a chance. That was the worse decision of my life. From then on, I have said I am my own sugardaddy. I have a strong masculine side designed to take care of my feminine side because the person I decided to experiment with was the most draining thing I had ever done in my life and I am never going to be caught in that sought of situation. I met the most disrespectful, most disregarding, the temper I had not seen. I tried to quell it. I said Okay so God, maybe you sent this man into my life because you wanted me to change this person, maybe you wanted me to fix it”he said Denrele said he somehow got his reality check and got out of the relationship after months of people telling him it was toxic for him. Watch a clip of the interview below: A post shared by Lindaikejiblog (@lindaikejiblogofficial) •Denrele Edun •Denrele Edun at Goldie's grave Every year since late singer, Goldie Harvey, died in 2013, her close friend, Denrele Edun, has been visiting her grave on Valentine’s Day, which is the anniversary of her death. While some have commended his commitment to his deceased friend, others insinuated that… In "Entertainment" It is the kind of story you need to be forewarned about its sad ending. Even when forewarned, you still need to muster your inner strength not to go lachrymose when you hear the end of this tragic story that changed a woman’s life forever. Though it happened 10 years… In "Metro" A woman has opened up on her marriage story after tying the knot with a man she dated for 3 months.   A Nigerian lawyer who married a man after a very short courtship has told of how her marriage ended up being a nightmare that she had to escape from. Kylie… In "Entertainment"