The Ekiti House of Assembly has passed the state’s Joint Local Government Account and Allocation of Revenue (Amendment) 2021 Bill.  The bill was passed at Tuesday’s plenary presided over by the Speaker, Mr Funminiyi Afuye, in Ado-Ekiti. Contributing during the debate, the Deputy Leader of the House, Mr Tajudeen Akingbolu, said the bill would empower the local government auditor-general to scrutinise the accounts of local government areas. Also, Emmanuel Oso, APC member representing Ido/Osi 11, said the account belonged to the local government, and it behoves the local government auditor-general to scrutinise it. Ajibade Adeyemi, member representing Moba 1 APC, said that the Principal Law of 2002 empowered the state’s Auditor-General, but that if the amended bill is assented to by the governor, the responsibility would now be on the local government’s auditor-general. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the House also deliberated on two other bills. They are: Ekiti Office of the Attorney-General 2021 bill and a Bill for a Law to ensure Food Security by ensuring Active Participation of Political Office Holders and Career Officers in Agriculture (otherwise known as Own a Farm Project and other Related Matters 2021). The bills were later sent to the House Committee on Judiciary and Legal Matters and Committee on Agriculture for further legislative scrutiny. The House, thereafter, adjourned until June 23 for plenary.  (NAN) By Idowu Gabriel Ado-Ekiti  - Mr Johnson Adeoye, (APC-Ekiti West 2), at Ekiti House of Assembly has called on the state Government to immortal the late veteran actor, Chief Jimoh Aliu. Adeoye made the call at Tuesday’s plenary presided over by the Speaker, Mr Funminiyi Afuye, the News Agency of… In "Politics" By Idowu Gabriel Ado-Ekiti - Ekiti House of Assembly on Tuesday unanimously passed the bill for the establishment of State Lands, Housing Mortgages Board after it went through the third reading at plenary. The passage followed the adoption of the report of the House Committee on Lands and Housing submitted… In "Politics" Abuja  - The Office of the Auditor-General of the Federation has appealed to the National Assembly to pass the Audit bill into law to aid the fight against corruption in the public sector. The Auditor-General of the Federation, Mr Samuel Ukura, made the call in Abuja on Wednesday at a… In "News"