Kaduna State Governor, Nasir El Rufai has approved the sack of 99 of his political appointees.  The Governor made this public at a media chat with journalists in Kaduna on Thursday night.  He explained that the disengaged political appointees constitute 30% of political officeholders. ‘’So far, 99 political appointees have lost their jobs but we have not commenced rightsizing civil servants,” the governor said. “We want to be fair with regards to civil servants. We had earlier promised that before we reduce the size of the civil service, we will start with political appointees and we have done that.” Speaking in Hausa, El-Rufai said the rightsizing of civil servants will still go on as planned because of dwindling revenues that is accruing to the state government from the federation account. He said the rightsizing started with political appointees because their details are clearly known, making it more straightforward to disengage them. ‘’However, civil servants with question marks on the veracity of their data have to be given a chance to clear the doubts before any action is taken on them,’’ he clarified.  Source The President of Nigeria Labour Congress, Ayuba Wabba, has faulted Kaduna State Governor, Nasir El-Rufai, for describing workers as ‘micro minority’. While appearing as a guest on Channels TV’s Sunrise Daily, Wabba accused governors of paying illegitimate salaries to political appointees. El-Rufai, had on Monday, April 12, made known his… In "News" KADUNA State Governor, Malam Nasir El-Rufai has relieved his Deputy Chief of Staff of Legislative Staff, Bala Mohammed, Political Adviser, Ben Kure and 17 other political appointees of their duties. The appointees were relieved of their duties in what the governor described as the first phase of his rightsizing of… In "Politics" By Hussaina Yakubu Kaduna - Gov. Nasir El-Rufai of Kaduna State on Tuesday directed all political appointees in the state to resign by April 30, 2019. El-Rufai also directed that such appointees should forward the resignation letters with their handover notes to his Pricipal Private Secretary. A statement by Samuel… In "Politics"