Abuja – The Ekiti state police command says it arrested one Suluka Abimbola alongside Oluwaseun Olajide, her boyfriend, for alleged conspiracy and self-kidnapping. In a statement on Friday, Abutu Sunday, police public relations officer, said the sister of the 16-year-old Abimbola had gone to the police station in Iyin Ekiti area of the state to complain that her sibling had not returned from school. Abutu said the sister narrated that when Abimbola’s phone was called, an unknown person answered call and informed them that she was in his custody and would not release her until a ransom of N500,000 was paid.He said further investigation led to the arrest of Abimbola who reportedly confessed to the crime and said she wanted to use the money to relocate from Ekiti. “It would be recalled that on the 16/06/2021 at about 1140hrs, one Bolaji Femi of Bawa Estate, Ado-Ekiti, came to New Iyin Divisional Police Headquarters and reported that her sister, one Suluka Abimbola left home for School at Christ School, Ado-Ekiti, on 15/06/2021 and did not return home,” he said. “She further narrated that when Suluka Abimbola’s GSM number was called, an unknown person picked and confirmed that Suluka Abimbola was in their custody but would not be released until a ransom of five hundred thousand naira(#500,000:00) is paid to a particular Union Bank Account belonging to one Adisa Damilola. “The case was immediately transferred to the Anti-kidnapping Unit of the State CID where the owner of the account, one ADISA DAMILOLA ‘f’ who is also a friend to Oluwaseun Daniel Olajide, was tracked and arrested. Adisa Damilola led the Operatives of the Anti-kidnapping Unit to Alex Grace Hotel, along Housing, Ado-Ekiti, where Suluka Abimbola and her boyfriend, Oluwaseun Daniel Olajide, alongside one other accomplice, ADEFOLAJU CALEB ‘m’ 23, were lodging and were arrested. “During interrogation, Suluka Abimbola confessed to the commission of the crime as well as Oluwaseun Daniel Olajide and Adefolaju Caleb. Suluka Abimbola said she decided to conspire with the other suspects to do that in order for her to raise money from her family members to enable her relocate from Ekiti State since her Mother insisted that she goes through medical field as against her dream of becoming an Actress.” The PPRO added that Tunde Mobayo, the state commissioner of police, has directed an investigation into the incident for further action and “to serve as a deterrent to other criminally minded persons in the society. Source Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Ekiti state police command says it arrested one Suluka Abimbola alongside Oluwaseun Olajide, her boyfriend, for alleged conspiracy and self-kidnapping. In a statement on Friday, Abutu Sunday, police public relations officer, said the sister of the 16-year-old Abimbola had gone to the police station in… In "Top Stories" The Police in Ekiti State have arrested a lady, Mary Idris, for allegedly faking her own kidnap on August 9, 2020, with a view to extorting money from her parents. The state Commissioner of Police, Tunde Mobayo, said the lady was “arrested alongside her accomplice, Victor Olawuse, in Akure, the… In "Metro" The Police have arrested an incestuous man; Taofeek Oyeyemi, for impregnating his 16 years old biological daughter. Taofeek, 42, was arrested following a complaint by the girl’s mother who reported at the Ewekoro police station that her daughter who has been living with her ex-husband, was pregnant. She informed the… In "Metro"