There was panic on the tarmac of Heathrow Airport, London after a British Airways plane gear collapsed on Friday, June 18.  Airport emergency crews rushed to the scene with the extent of the damage to the plane not yet known. Photos show the Dreamliner 787 with its nose on the ground while a stair car stands by. It appears only the front landing gear, underneath the pilot’s cabin, has collapsed, leaving the plane at a bending angle. AerohubNews tweeted: ‘An unidentified (at present) British Airways Boeing 787 has suffered a nose gear collapse at London Heathrow Airport this morning. “Extent of the damage is currently unknown, further details will be reported once available.’ A spokesperson for British Airways said they would be investigating the incident saying that the aircraft was only transporting freight and so luckily had no passengers on board. A spokesman for the company said: ‘A freighter aircraft has been damaged while stationary on stand. As a freighter only aircraft there were no passengers on board. ‘Safety is always our highest priority and we are investigating the matter.’ Nairobi - A dead body of a stowaway on Tuesday fell from a Kenya Airways plane that was en route off from Nairobi to London’s Heathrow. The dead man landed in a garden in Clapham, South London, 27 kilometres from the airport, scaring the owner of the house, who immediately… In "News" A British Airways flight heading to Abuja from London on Tuesday returned to Heathrow Airport after the plane lost one of its engines mid-air. The airline confirmed that BA 083 flight returned to Heathrow and was met by the emergency services as a precaution measure after what it called “a… In "News" The plane struggled to land at Heathrow airport An airplane struggled to land at Heathrow Airport in the United Kingdom on Sunday following strong wind, leaving passengers in a state of fear. According to BBC, British Airways was unable to confirm the source of the flight, although it was reported… In "News"