By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  The Senate on Wednesday received an executive bill seeking to increase the retirement age for teachers in the country from 60 to 65 years. The bill also seeks to extend the years of service for teachers from 35 to 40 years. President Muhammadu Buhari, in a letter addressed to the Senate President, Ahmad Lawan, and read on the floor, explained that the piece of legislation would provide for harmonised retirement age for teachers in Nigeria. According to him, the move to increase the retirement age and service years was pursuant to Section 58(2) of the 1999 Constitution as amended. The letter reads: “Transmission of the Harmonised Retirement Age for Teachers in Nigeria Bill 2021 to the National Assembly for consideration “Pursuant to Section 58 subsection 2 of the 1999 Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria (as amended), I forward herewith the harmonised retirement age for teachers in Nigeria Bill, 2021 for consideration by the Senate. “The harmonised retirement age for teachers in Nigeria bill 2021 seeks to increase the retirement age for teachers from 60 to 65 years, and also increase the possible years of service from 35 to 40 years. “While appreciating your usual expeditious consideration of this submission, please, accept Distinguished Senate President, the assurances of my highest consideration.” Meanwhile, the Senate President, Ahmad Lawan, during plenary referred the President’s request for the confirmation of Major General Farouk Yahaya as Chief of Army Staff of the Armed Forces of the Federal Republic of Nigeria to the Committees on Defense and Army. The Defence Committee which is chaired by Senator Aliyu Wamakko was mandated to be the lead Committee to screen the newly appointed Army Chief. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate on Tuesday received a transmission of the Finance bill 2020 from President Muhammadu Buhari, for consideration and passage into law in support of the 2021 budget before the National Assembly. The transmission of the bill was accompanied by a letter dated 25th… In "Top Stories" A new retirement age has been approved for teachers. The was given by the Federal Executive Council (FEC) when it approved a bill extending the retirement age for teachers in the country from 60 years to 65 years. The FEC, during its first meeting of the year 2021, presided over… In "Education" The National Assembly Service Commission (NASC) has concluded place to sack the Clerk to the National Assembly, Mohammed Ataba Sani-Omolori over alleged illegal ‘tenure extension’, it was learnt on Tuesday. Senate President Ahmad Lawan and House of Representatives Speaker, Femi Gbajabiamila may likely nominate candidates from their geo-political zones of… In "News"