The trial of kidnap kingpin, Chukwudimeme Onwuamadike alias Evans was Wednesday stalled at an Ikeja High Court due to the absence of a witness who was to testify for the defence.  Evan’s counsel, Oyekunle Falabi informed the trial judge, Justice Hakeem Oshodi that the female witness whose name was not given could no longer be reached via phone. Falabi told the court that all efforts to reach the witness have been abortive. He subsequently requested the court for an adjournment to further look for the witness. “My lord, I have been trying to reach her on phone but her line is switched off. I am praying that the court should give us a short date,” he said. Counsels to Evans’ five co-defendants also agreed with Falabi’s request for an adjournment. Justice Oshodi granted their request for adjournment. Justice Oshodi advised other defendants to bring their witnesses on the adjourned day so that more time could be saved in the course of the trial. He adjourned the case until June 29 for the continuation of defence.  Source By Moji Eniola Ikeja - Justice Hakeem Oshodi of an Ikeja High Court has ordered alleged kidnap kingpin, Chukwudimeme Onwuamadike alias Evans and three other defendants to ensure they have legal representation by June 14. Evans is standing trial alongside Uche Amadi, Ogechi Uchechukwu, Chilaka Ifeanyi, Okwuchukwu Nwachukwu and Victor… In "News" By Oluwatope Lawanson/Moji Eniola   Ikeja -   Justice Hakeem Oshodi of an Ikeja High Court, Lagos on Tuesday warned counsel to Chukwudumeme Onwuamadike alias “Evans” that no further delays would be tolerated in his ongoing trial. Justice Oshodi gave the warning following a 30-minute verbal exchange he had with… In "Metro" By Moji Eniola Ikeja -  The Federal High Court, Ikoyi, Lagos on Monday heard a witness describe how foreign currency was moved from Justice Rita Ofili-Ajumogobia chambers and deposited into her account in Diamond Bank. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Mr Ademola Oshodi was testifying at the… In "Top Stories"