 President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the African Union Development Agency and New Partnership for Africa’s Development (AUDA/NEPAD) second Peer Review report in readiness for validation.  Ms Gloria Akobundu, AUDA/NEPAD National Coordinator gave details of the approval in a statement by her Media Assistant, Mr Abolade Ogundimu, on Friday in Abuja. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that AUDA/NEPAD is the socio-economic flagship programme of the AU with the primary responsibility of facilitating the domestication of programmes and project adopted at the continental level. The African Peer Review Mechanism (APRM) is an instrument voluntarily acceded to by AU member states as an African self-monitoring mechanism. APRM is also an innovation by African governments to improve governance and the well-being of all citizens. Akobundu said that Mr Boss Mustapha, Secretary to the Government of the Federation also presented a paper on “Self-Assessment Report ” of the country’s second peer review process to the Federal Executive Council during its weekly meeting on June 23. “President Buhari has approved the report, now ready for validation by the Country Review Mission of APRM, a voluntary self-assessment instrument of African Union to deepen good governance and development. “Given the President’s commitment to the review, recommendations of the report will now get the Federal Government’s attention for Nigeria to make progress as required at the Africa continental level. “The AUDA/NEPAD’s boss assured Nigerians that the necessary structures were put in place, including the inauguration of the National Governing Council (NGC) members, who were the key drivers of the review process. “The NGC and the national secretariat keying into the President’s passion for the process will ensure rapid and careful implementation of the recommendations, even amidst COVID-19 pandemic,’’ Akobundu. The national coordinator thanked God for the cooperation and support of stakeholders across every sector of the economy and national life. “We highly appreciate APRM at continental level for its guidance and cooperation toward the success of the exercise,” she said. (NAN) By Abolade Ogundimu Abuja - Nigeria is to undergo a Second African Peer Review Mechanism (APRM) , Mrs Gloria Akobundu, Chief Executive Officer African Union Development Agency- New Partnership for Africa’s Development, AUDA-NEPAD has said. Akobundu,  in a statement on Friday in Abuja said, the process comes almost 11 years… In "News" By Edith Ike-Eboh Abuja - African countries are looking up to Nigeria to provide leadership for good governance in line with the core principles of the African Peer Review Mechanism (APRM). Sen. Abba Ali, Chairman, National Governing Council (NGC), APRM Nigeria, made this known at the meeting of the National… In "Politics" By Abolade Ogundimu Abuja, - President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the transformation of  the New Partnership for Africa’s Development (NEPAD) into African Union Development Agency- NEPAD (AUDA-NEPAD) in line with African Union (AU) decision for improved service delivery. This was disclosed on Friday in a statement signed by Princess Gloria… In "News"