ABUJA – The Coalition of Northern Groups (CNG) says it has received the news of the arrest and repatriation of the leader of  the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, with mixed feelings of apprehension and appreciation. It also commended the effort of the federal government and the agencies that made this possible particularly the International Police and authorities of the United Kingdom for honouring their obligations with Nigeria. In a statement on Tuesday, the spokesman of the group, Abdul-Azeez Suleiman, said they “remain apprehensive until the full course of justice takes effect. Kanu as we all know, has a pending trial for treasonable felony and jumping bail. In addition, he must now face additional charges of incitement to violence and killings of people of other ethnicities particularly northerners, security personnel as a result of his open incitement. “More importantly, we don’t see Kanu’s arrest affecting the issue of Biafra. While he faces trial hopefully, the CNG is insisting that this is right time to tackle the Biafran issue once for all. “Nobody should make the mistake of assuming that the arrest is anywhere near the end of the Biafran affair. We stand our ground that a refrendum must be held to determine this and all other agitations for self-determination from any part of the country.” The Indigenous People of Biafra has rejected the withdrawal of the quit notice issued to Igbo in the Northern part of the country by the Arewa youths. The Arewa youths, under the aegis of Coalition of Northern Groups, had ordered all Igbo residing in the North to vacate the region… In "Top Stories" •Nnamdi Kanu ABUJA - coalition of 75 Northern groups under the aegis of Northern Consensus Movement has announced a reward of N100 million persons who can produce the supreme leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, for the continuation of his trial for alleged treason. The groups,… In "Top Stories" A coalition of 75 Northern groups under the aegis of Northern Consensus Movement on Thursday announced a reward of N100 million for persons who can produce leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPB), Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, for continuation of his trial for alleged treason. The groups, which disclosed this… In "News"