Nigerian politician, Ned Nwoko has said he’s in support of President Muhammadu Buhari’s ban on Twitter.  “On the current issue with twitter, I wholeheartedly support the position of the federal government,” he said. According to BluePrint Newspaper, Nwoko who spoke as guest speaker on Saturday at June 12 lecture organised by the Correspondents Chapel of the Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ) Abuja Council also said he believes in one Nigeria. Speaking on Twitter ban, he said “there are important justifications for some of the clamours, especially when you look at the South-east and the level of perceived injustice overtime. “If I were to be cynical, I’d probably have said how are we sure that there would be election by 2023, let alone talking about elections. But I’m an optimist, I believe in the unity of Nigeria, I love Nigeria. “I believe there will be a country called Nigeria by 2023. I believe the clamour for disintegration or regional powers is political. That is not to undermine the fact that there are important justifications for some of the clamours, especially when you look at the South-east and level of perceived injustice overtime. “Nigeria of today is quite different from the Nigeria of three years ago when the federal government was just concerned with Boko Haram in the North-east. “The federal government is not only distracted with what is happening in the North-east and North-west of Nigeria, but currently faces huge challenges in the South-east as well as North-central. A lot has been happening in Benue state and of course South-west as well. But I believe the federal government is equal to the challenges that we are currently facing.” Speaking further on the issue of Twitter, he said there must be a measure of control and regulation for social media in countries where they have presence. He also stated that the social media platforms must pay taxes to governments and provide employment for some Nigerians for the over 100 million population that subscribed to their services.  Source Idumuje-Ugboko (Delta)  -Veteran footballer, John Fashanu, says the current form of the Super Eagles is not impressive to him. Fashanu spoke in an interview with sports journalists at the inauguration of the first ever Sports University in Idumuje-Ugboko, Aniocha North Local Government Area of Delta. According to him, Coach Sunday… In "Sports" Nigerian actress, Regina Daniels and her husband, Ned Nwoko, got married last year and they are blessed with a child. Although Nwoko has several wives with Daniels being the sixth, in a recent video interview by BBC Igbo, Nwoko stated that he can marry another wife and all his wives… In "Entertainment" By Chibuike Nwabuko  Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Former member of Federal House of Representative, Hon. Prince Ned Nwoko has displayed uncommon act of patriotism as he undertakes to deploy his personal funds to rehabilitate failed portions of the road linking South East and Abuja through Onicha Ugbo/Idumuje Ugboko and Ewohinmi in Edo… In "News"