Pete Edochie, the veteran Nollywood actor, has expressed concerns about the increasing patronage of cosmetic surgeries by Nigerian ladies.  The veteran thespian, via a video posted on his Instagram page, asked why young ladies seem obsessed with boob and butt enlargement surgeries. During an interview with Adakarl TV, Edochie said, “Today, it is difficult to find a girl who is still what she is. They wear false hair, false lashes, false boobs, false bum, I do not know what is still natural about you, let’s be honest. Why must our girls be obsessed with these things, I don’t know.” He further noted that he knows he might receive some tongue-lashing over his comment. “I would want them to insult me and tell me why they are obsessed with those things. I might be insulted, but I mean, I am used to it. Insult me, it does not mean anything to me. “Some girls now die when they try to operate and inflate their bum. May the good Lord help us.” In the past, the septuagenarian had received negative criticism on the comments he made about marriage. In March, Edochie advised women who feel their husbands cheat to put condoms in their bags when they are travelling. The actor was seen in the viral video saying, “If you think that your husband leaves the house and says that he is going on tour and he is going to have an affair outside, put a packet of condom into his bag, tell him that you have packed his bag for him. “When he sees it, psychologically he is going to think, ‘this woman has my interest at heart.’ If it is his intention to stray, he will put himself together. “The thing is that you women are not creative; you want to be like white women who keep marrying and divorcing and marrying. It does not suit us; it does not go down well with us. No.”  Source Over the week, a controversial US-based illustrator, Lotanna Odunze, aka Sugabelly, gave her two cents about the acting prowess of veteran actor, Pete Edochie. Sugabelly wrote on her Twitter page, “Pete Edochie is a really bad actor. He’s been playing the same role his entire life. “Acting isn’t quoting proverbs.… In "Entertainment" A Nigerian blogger, who goes by the name Oscar Winner Sugabelly, on Wednesday came under attack on social media for tagging Veteran Nollywood actor, Pete Edochie “Bad actor”. The blogger who was reacting to the disqualification of Genevieve Nnaji’s “Lionheart” from Oscars wrote on Twitter: “Pete Edochie is a really… In "Entertainment" Nigerian pastor, Laurie Idahosa has sent an apology to veteran actor, Pete Edochie after saying that his mother was a rape victim. She had also said that Edochie's mother was a victim of child bride following his statement about his mum marrying his 40-year-old dad at the age of 15.… In "Entertainment"