Over 138 lives were lost as a group of young boys reportedly helped carry out an attack in Burkina Faso.  The attack in early June in the northeastern village of Solhan claimed at least 138 lives. It was one of the deadliest massacres in years in the West African country, which has struggled to hold off multiple insurgencies, including from groups linked to al-Qaeda and the Islamic State, per the Washington Post. The attack in the northeastern village of Solhan was mostly perpetrated by children between the ages of 12 and 14, government spokesman Ousseni Tamboura told reporters this week “We are alarmed by the presence of children within armed groups,” Sandra Lattouf, UNICEF’s Burkina Faso representative, said in a statement to the Post. “While living among armed actors, children experience unconscionable forms of violence including physical and sexual violence or high level of traumatic experiences.” The crisis in Burkina Faso has killed hundreds of people and displaced more than 1.2 million, 61% of whom are children, according to UNICEF said. One in 10 schools have closed, which has impacted over 300,000 children.  Source A massacre in northeast Burkina Faso, in which more than 130 people were killed this month, was carried out mostly by children between the ages of 12 and 14, the United Nations and the government said. Armed assailants raided the village of Solhan on the evening of June 4, opened… In "News" FAUBE, Burkina Faso - When an Islamist preacher took up the fight in Burkina Faso’s northern borderlands almost a decade ago, his only weapon was a radio station. The words he spoke kindled the anger of a frustrated population, and helped turn their homes into a breeding ground for jihad.… In "News" OUAGADOUGOU - Gunmen killed four Burkina Faso soldiers and injured five others near the Malian border on Monday, a day after 10 civilians were killed nearby in a separate attack, the army and security officials said. Jihadist groups, already a major security headache for neighbouring Mali and Niger, have rapidly… In "Foreign"