Officials say 27 people were killed after lightning struck in various parts of India’s state of West Bengal.  The pre-monsoon storms hit six districts of the state late on Monday, accompanied by strong winds.  While most victims were directly hit by the strikes, some deaths were also reported after thatched huts and trees collapsed disaster management official Mrinal Kanti Rano said. The victims were mostly farmers, though some were people who simply happened to be outdoors, he added. In the worst such incident, a lightning bolt struck six people sitting near a pump house in Murshidabad district, Rano said. “We do get such storms in the pre-monsoon time, but the high death toll this time is unusual. Generally, (we) have two to five fatalities during such incidents, but this time it is several times higher,” Rano said. Prime Minister Narendra Modi expressed grief at the loss of life. He announced compensation of 200,000 rupees (2,746 dollars) for the next of kin of those who had died and 50,000 rupees for each injured person. In a related incident, a domestic flight was hit by turbulence just before landing at the state capital, Kolkata, leaving eight passengers injured. Summer storms accompanied by strong winds are common in India ahead of the rainy monsoon season. The weather bureau has forecast more storms for India in the coming days.  (dpa/NAN) New Delhi - Hymavathi Katta, Indian Disaster Management Official, said from Hyderabad on Monday that more than 34 people were killed by lightning on Sunday across south-eastern India during monsoon storms. He said the 22 victims in Andhra Pradesh state were mostly farmers or homeless who were outdoors. The officer… In "Foreign" New Delhi   -   India on Monday put as many as 13 of its states and two central government-territories on high storm alert for the next 48 hours. In an advisory, the Indian Home Ministry has said that thunderstorms and rains are likely to occur in these 13 states and two… In "Foreign" New Delhi   -      Floods in India’s Southern State of Kerala have claimed 39 lives and caused a loss of 1.1 billion dollars, officials said on Monday. This is as the region braces for more rains during one of its worst monsoon seasons in a century. As many… In "Foreign"