KATSINA – Police in Katsina have arrested three members of the Hakika Islamic for allegedly conspiring and jointly having sex with a married woman under the pretext of initiating her into a sect. In a statement, the Katsina State Police Command said the victim’s husband reported the matter to the command. Isiyaku had returned from Lagos after spending a year to find his wife with a 4-month-old baby. He had entrusted his wife, Zainab Ahmed, with her parents at Unguwar Dantalle village, Tandama, Danja Local Government Area of Katsina State. It was later discovered that three members of ‘Hakika Islamic sect’ from the same village brainwashed and impregnated her. When police interrogated her, Zainab confessed that she had indicated interest to join the sect and her assaulters told her that part of the initiation process involves sexual intercourse to which she consented. Zainab said, “I told them that I wanted to join the sect and they said one of the conditions for joining the sect involves them having carnal knowledge of me. I agreed and the three of them did, and then initiated me into the sect.” The police statement read, “In a similar vein, one Abdullahi Isiyaku (‘M’, aged 30) of Wardanga village in Bakori LGA of Katsina state reported at Danja Division on June 17th, 2021, that sometime in January 2020, he travelled to Lagos to earn a living and left his wife behind, one Zainab Ahmed, (“F”, aged 20), under the care of her parents at Unguwar Dantalle village of Tandama area in Danja LGA of Katsina state. “However, when he returned earlier in June, he met his wife with a four-month-old baby girl. In the course of an investigation, the lady stated that she was indoctrinated into a new Islamic Sect called ‘Hakika’ by three suspected rapists who jointly had carnal knowledge of her. “The suspects are  Tukur Dan-Azumi, (m, aged 19), Abubakar Yahuza, (m, aged 20), Rufa’i Saosi, (‘m’, 27) all of Unguwar Dantalle in Tandama village area Danja.” (Daily Trust) •Rape scene... used for illustration only KATSINA - A notorious kidnapper and rapist known as Surajo Dauda, has revealed the gruesome ordeal he put one of his victims through while she was in his custody. Dauda who was apprehended by police in Katsina State confessed to kidnapping a certain 18-year-old… In "Metro" Kano (Kano State)-The Kano State Police command said on Friday it was yet to ascertain the casualty figures in the bomb attack at Dakasoye village in Garun Malam Local Government Area of the state. Commissioner of Police in the state, Mr Muhammad Katsina, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN),… In "News" By Muhammad Nasir Bashir Dutse - No fewer than 15 persons died in an accident involving a Sharon bus and a truck along Gujungu-Gumel road in Kaugama Local Government Area of Jigawa. SP Abdu Jinjiri, the spokesman of the state Police Command, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on… In "News"