A Nigerian politician, Chief Chinedu P. Eya has reported President Muhammadu Buhari to international organisations.  Eya dragged Buhari to the International Criminal Court, the US and the UK.  This comes after Buhari’s tweet threatening to revisit the events of the civil war on the southeast region. Buhari had in the tweet warned of coming hard on those against his Government, similar to the civil war action. This has not gone down well with generality of Nigerians, with heavy knocks on the President and many people reporting him to Tweeter. Tweeter responded by deleting the tweet, stating that it went against its policy. Eya, has now taken his protest higher by penning letters to the international community m In a series of letter to the trio, made available to newsmen on Thursday, with the caption, “threats of ethnic cleansing by President Muhammadu Buhari against Southeasterners in Nigeria”, the former Enugu Senatorial Aspirant cited ‘marginalization, unfair treatment and accumulated injustices’ as reasons Southeasterners feel unsafe in Nigeria. According to him, “President Buhari’s outburst shows his preparedness to deploy the instrumentalities of the nation, particularly the Nigerian army against a region, crying and yearning for equity, fairness and justice from their oppressor – Northern Nigeria, who go by the slogan, “Born to Rule” and who for, as long as God knows will continue to subjugate and pervert the collective interest of ‘Ndigbo’ as we are known and addressed. “I am writing the International Criminal Court (ICC), because they have the responsibility to investigate and, where warranted, try individuals charged with the gravest crimes of concern to the international community such as genocide, war crimes, crimes against humanity and the crime of aggression which is the situation we have found ourselves in the hands of the present federal government, led by Muhammadu Buhari. “And I am writing UK on two grounds: one, because the conflagration or what was known as amalgamation of the Southern and Northern proletariat which became Nigeria in 1914 was done by your statesman, Lord Lugard (who is author of our present predicament). And secondly, I am writing you this letter because the United Kingdom, and the United States of America cannot afford to keep quiet at this trying time of Southeasterners, especially with the recent unguarded verbiage by Mr. President. “I am writing US on another two major reasons: one, because of the fact that United States is a major player in both international politics and maintenance of world peace and order. Secondly, because of obvious bilateral relationship between Nigera and the United States of America, which is the binding cord between both Nations for many years without breaches,” he added.  Source •President Muhammadu Buhari Social media giant, Twitter, has pulled down two tweets by Nigeria's president, Muhammadu Buhari for "violating the Twitter rules". In one of the "offensive" tweets sighted on his official Twitter handle @Mbuhari, the president had tweeted on Tuesday (yesterday):"Many of those misbehaving today are too young to… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – President Muhammadu Buhari has departed the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport Abuja for the United Kingdom. Presidential aide to the president on Social Media, Lauretta Onochie, who disclosed this via tweeter said Buhari is going to London where he will meet his doctor for… In "Top Stories" The former Spokesperson to former President Goodluck Ebele Jonathan, Reno Omokri has reacted to the tweet made by President Muhammadu Buhari yesterday. According to Reno Omokri, President Muhammadu Buhari is pampering herdsmen, bandits while he is threatening the Southeast with civil war 2. Here is what he said, “Exactly a… In "News"