Following the defection of Governor Bello Matawalle of Zamfara from the Peoples Democratic Party to the All Progressives Congress, his Deputy Mahdi Aliyu, on Wednesday insisted that he will not dump PDP.  Revealing his reasons, Aliyu said he chose to remain in the People Democratic Party (PDP) to honour the mandate given to the party by the Supreme Court. Mr Aliyu and a member of the House of Representatives declined to join Governor Bello Matswalle and other elected officials in defecting to the All Progressives Congress (APC) on Tuesday. “Remember how the Supreme Court brought us to power. That’s why I am thankful to God and chose to remain in the PDP,” Mr Aliyu told BBC Hausa Service. Mr Aliyu, who is a son of a former Minister of Defence, Ali Gusau, opposed moving into the APC, arguing that the apex court awarded the electoral victory in 2019 to the PDP and not just its candidates. Mr Aliyu’s principal, Governor Bello Matawalle defected to the ruling APC, ending months of speculation and denial. Mr Matawalle announced his defection late evening at the Gusau Trade Fair Complex at an event attended by APC governors, ministers and the Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Boss Mustapha. Meanwhile, the deputy governor said he was never consulted about the plan to defect, “and I heard everything as a rumour until by 6:00 pm on 29th June he announced his defection to the ruling APC. “Since my father brought the party, we never for once left the party. They met us in the PDP and they will left (leave) us there,” the deputy governor said. The deputy governor said the PDP will seek redress in court over the “desertion of its elected officials.” Mr Aliyu also said he will continue as the deputy governor to serve the four years constitutional mandate given to him. When asked, Mr Aliyu rulled out being impeached. “That is a big work. I have a good working relationship with the governor, he sends me on important assignments, including PDP governors meetings. “It’s not a new thing in Nigeria politics for governor and his deputy to belong to different political parties and complete their constitutional mandate together and I hope this too shall come to pass in Zamfara”, Mr Aliyu said.  Source Governor Bello Matawalle has officially dumped the Peoples Democratic Party and joined the All Progressive Congress. Speaking at a rally on Tuesday in Gusau, Matawalle said that he had been nursing the ambition of leaving his party PDP for several reasons. “I am now the leader of APC in Zamfara… In "Politics" Alhaji AbulAziz Yari, an ex-governor of Zamfara State, has told governor Bello Matawalle, that he would lose his seat if he defects to the All Progressive Congress, going by the Supreme Court’s verdict that brought him to power in 2019. Yari spoke at the secretariat of the All Progressives Congress… In "Politics" By Abubakar Ahmed Gusau – The Chairman of Tsafe local government area of Zamfara state, Alhaji Aminu Mudi has on Monday announced his defection from the All Progressives Congress (APC) to the ruling Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the state. Alhaji Aminu Mudi was elected as chairman of Tsafe local… In "Politics"