Members of the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) will now receive N15,000 instead of N5,000 as monthly allowance.  Governor of Oyo State, Seyi Makinde announced the increment of monthly allowance on Thursday during his visit to the NYSC camp at Iseyin in Oyo State.  Makinde later confirmed the news on his Twitter handle, saying: “We visited the NYSC Permanent Orientation Camp at Iseyin this evening. I assured the youth corps members that we would address the issues raised by the Commandant about the state of the camp. I also told them we would increase their allowance from N5,000 to N15,000. “I also shared with them how it was during my national youth service in Port Harcourt that I got a job and met and married my lovely wife, @iamominini. So, I am an example of how the national youth service could foster national integration. I wished them the best for the future.” Makinde in 2019 increased the monthly allowance of corps members from N4, 000 to N5, 000, during an induction programme organised for the 2019 Batch ‘B’ Streams I & II corps members posted to the state civil service. We visited the NYSC Permanent Orientation Camp at Iseyin this evening. I assured the youth corps members that we would address the issues raised by the Commandant about the state of the camp. I also told them we would increase their allowance from N5,000 to N15,000. pic.twitter.com/pwaYoRCkwT I also shared with them how it was during my national youth service in Port-Harcourt that I got a job and met and married my lovely wife, @iamominini. So, I am an example of how the national youth service could foster national integration. I wished them the best for the future. pic.twitter.com/yEQj4ZmuAu Ibrahim.abdulazeez Iseyin (Oyo state) - Gov. Seyi Makinde of Oyo state, on Thursday, urged corps members deployed to the state to channel their ingenuity and energy towards community and national development. Makinde, represented by the Oyo state Commissioner for Youth and Sports, Mr Seun Fakorede, made the call during the… In "Education" By George Odok   Obubra    -    Gov. Ben Ayade of Cross River has increased the monthly allowance of National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) members serving in the state from N3,100 to N5,000. Ayade made the announcement on Monday at the closing ceremony for the 2018 `Batch B’ Orientation Course at… In "News" By Chidinma Ewunonu-Aluko Ibadan - Gov. Seyi Makinde of Oyo State has urged the 2019 Batch C, Stream 2 corps members to equip themselves with the right values to ensure brighter future. Makinde made the call on Monday at the swearing-in of the corps members deployed to the state, at… In "News"