The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) said it had uncovered plots by security agencies to attack different states in the Southeast. It alleged that the security operatives had concluded arrangements to launch attacks on Igbo communities beginning with Anambra State. In a statement by its Media and Publicity Secretary, Emma Powerful, IPOB advised residents, especially Igbo youths who it said were the prime targets to be vigilant and wary of their movements. The statement read, “The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) wishes to place Ndigbo on alert of pending attacks by terrorists in the Nigeria security on different states in the South East. “We gathered through intelligence that they have concluded arrangement to launch attacks on Igbo communities beginning with Anambra State in the days ahead. “We, therefore advise especially Igbo youths who are the target of these evil agenda to be circumspect. They should be careful of their movements and be vigilant. “While bandits and terrorists rampaging the North enjoy the tacit support and protection of Northern elite, Southern elite collude with the enemies to betray and kill their peaceful agitators.” (The Nation) The World Igbo Congress, WIC, has rejected South East Governors’ formation of EbubeAgu as an alternative regional security outfit. The group rather, urged the governors to support the Eastern Security Network, ESN, stop their ruse and serve the people. This came as the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB,raised the alarm… In "News" Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council has alleged that the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) is sponsored by politicians within and outside the country, especially a northern presidential candidate. It also claimed IPOB leader Nnamdi Kanu’s popularity soared because of President Muhammadu Buhari’s poor handling of the economy, which exposed the citizenry… In "News" Igbo youths, under the aegis of the Coalition of South East Youth Leaders (COSEYL), and the leader of the Customary Government of Biafra, Mujahid Dokubo, have flayed the immediate Inspector General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu’s blame of the attack on Imo Police Headquarters and Correctional Centre on the Indigenous… In "News"