Yomi Casual, a Nigerian fashion designer, has announced his recovery from the trauma he suffered from a car accident recently.  On Sunday night, he was involved in a ghastly motor accident and was admitted to a hospital in Lagos.  To inform his friends and fans of the accident, via his Instagram handle, the pictures of his wrecked car and another of him lying on a hospital bed were shared. He captioned the picture, “ONI DURO MI ESE O!” Days after, the fashion designer has announced to the public that he has recovered from the trauma he suffered from the accident.Confirming his recovery, Yomi Casual on Thursday took to his Instagram account to speak, as he thanked fans and friends for their love. He wrote, “It took me 48 hours to get out from that car accident trauma. I am super grateful, guys. I wish I had the words to express my appreciation for the calls, SMS, DMs, comments and kindness. Words cannot express my thankfulness. “I never knew I am this loved by you all. GOD BLESS YOU ALL FOR THE SHOW OF LOVE.” Yomi Casual further seized the opportunity to express his dearest desire at the moment. He wrote, “All I need now na urgent SUV.”(sic) A post shared by M A K U N   O M O N I Y I (@yomicasual) Popular fashion designer and younger brother of Nigerian Comedian AY, Yomi Casual, is recuperating in a Lagos hospital after he survived a ghastly motor accident on Sunday. Yomi Casual, who shared a picture of his wrecked car and another picture of him lying on a hospital bed on his Instagram… In "Entertainment" A woman who suffered a catastrophic brain injury and fell into a coma when her car collided with a school bus in the United Arab Emirates has woken up for the first time in almost three decades. Munira Abdulla was involved in the horrific road accident in 1991, having picked… In "Foreign" Los Angeles - Both Hart and the passenger beside him suffered major back injuries according to multiple reports.  Popular American comedian, Kevin Hart, has been discharged from the Northridge Hospital Medical Center in Los Angeles. This is coming 10 days after he was involved in a car crash.  It would be… In "Entertainment"