Usmanu Danfodiyo University Teaching Hospital (UDUTH) Sokoto has commenced investigation into a petition by a mother alleging a nurse caused injuries to her baby girl.  The hospital Principal Information, officer, Mansur Wadata, in a statement said the management was looking into the matter for the sake of justice. Wadata said: ” We wish to state and assure the general public that appropriate disciplinary action will be taken against whoever is found wanting in accordance with civil service rules and condition of service of the hospital. “UDUTH is ever ready to work with relevant investigative authorities in carrying out full scale investigation to ensure that those involved are made to face full wrath of the law.” While reassuring the public that the hospital management would not in any way derail from its core values for excellence and credible performance, the statement noted that transparency, professionalism, respect for rights of its client and discipline would not be compromised in the provision of its services.  Source Usmanu Danfodiyo University Teaching Hospital, UDUTH School of Nursing Admission Aptitude Test date for 2017/2018 admission exercise has been announced. The management announced the date in a statement on its official website. All persons who have applied for admission into UDUTH School of Nursing for the 2017/2018 academic session are… In "Education" By Habibu Harisu Sokoto -   The Resident Doctors, Medical Consultants, Nurses and other health workers at the Usmanu Danfodio University Teaching Hospital (UDUTH) are managing in spite of the ongoing strike by doctors. The UDUTH Deputy Director, Public Affairs, Mr Bello Tijjani-Sada, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN)… In "Health" By Habibu Harisu   Sokoto   -      Three weeks after the alleged murder of a student, Abdullahi Abbati, the Police Command in Sokoto State said it would fully investigate the case and bring those responsible to justice. The family of the deceased had complained that the police had… In "News"