President Muhammadu Buhari will be participating in the 59th Ordinary Session of the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) Authority of Heads of State and Government in Accra, Ghana on Saturday June 19, 2021.  The President, who will depart Abuja on Saturday, would join other Heads of State of Government of ECOWAS for the mid-year statutory meeting of the regional bloc, with the exception of Mali, which was recently suspended from the group. According to a statement issued by Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Mallam Garba Shehu, Former President Goodluck Jonathan of Nigeria, ECOWAS Special Envoy and Mediator to Mali, is expected to present a report on his latest working visit to the West African country to the Summit of the Heads of State. The Heads of State and Government will also receive a report on ECOWAS institutional reforms, single currency programmes and a memorandum on the proposed mechanism of rotation of ECOWAS Member States’ candidature to the Chairmanship of the African Union. A communiqué will be issued at the end of the Summit. The 59th Ordinary Session of the ECOWAS Heads of State and Government was preceded by the 46th Ordinary Session of the ECOWAS Mediation and Security Council (MSC) at the Ministerial Level and the 86th Ordinary Session of the ECOWAS Council of Ministers, in Accra, Ghana. The MSC, comprising of Ministers responsible for defence and foreign affairs from ECOWAS Member States, considered the security situation in the ECOWAS Region, among other topical issues on the agenda, while the 86th Ordinary Session considered a memorandum on the post Covid-19 industry recovery plan, the 2021 mid-term report of the President of the ECOWAS Commission and the ongoing institutional reforms at ECOWAS, among others. President Buhari will be accompanied by the Minister of Foreign Affairs, Geoffrey Onyema, Minister of State, Foreign Affairs, Zubairu Dada, Minister of Defence, Maj. General Bashir Magashi (Rtd), Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Mrs. Zainab Ahmed, the National Security Adviser, Maj. General Babagana Monguno (Rtd), Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Godwin Emefiele and the Director-General of the National Intelligence Agency (NIA), Ambassador Ahmed Rufa’i Abubakar. The President is expected back in Abuja at the end of the Summit.  Source By Ismaila Chafe Abuja, Sept. 6, 2020 (NAN) President Muhammadu Buhari will depart Abuja on Monday for Niamey, Niger Republic to participate in the 57th Ordinary Session of the ECOWAS Authority of Heads of State and Government. The one-day summit, according to the President’s spokesman, Malam Garba Shehu, in a… In "Politics" Buhari By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - PresidentMuhammadu Buhari will Monday depart Nigeria for Niger Republic in company of ministers and other top government officials. President Buhari will be traveling to participate in the 57th Ordinary Session of the ECOWAS Authority of Heads of State and Government. Garba Shehu,… In "Top Stories" By Ismaila Chafe Abuja, July 28, 2018(NAN) President Muhammadu Buhari will on Sunday depart Abuja for Lome, Republic of Togo, to participate in two high-level meetings. A statement by the President’s Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, Malam Garba Shehu, in Abuja on Saturday, said President Buhari would on… In "Top Stories"