A Germany-bound Nigerian, Oguchi Unachukwu, was allegedly shot dead by the personnel of the 211 Regiment, Nigerian Air Force, in Owerri, Imo State, on Monday.  Oguchi was killed at the tollgate of the Sam Mbakwe International Cargo Airport.  He was on his way to catch a flight to Lagos, from where he was to board a flight to Germany. His elder brother, Onyekachi, who spoke to journalists on Tuesday, said one of the Air Force men shot Oguchi after he drove off at a checkpoint on the Airport Road after they had flagged him down. He said, “The Air Force men stopped my brother and he stopped. He moved after they had stopped him, thinking that they asked him to move on without knowing that they asked him to park by the roadside so that they could search him and the vehicle.” While tasking the security agencies to give his family justice, the distraught Onyekachi said it was unfortunate that Oguchi was killed by security personnel, who were supposed to protect him. It was gathered that the remains of the deceased had been deposited in the morgue of the Federal Medical Centre, Owerri. Our correspondent saw photographs of the deceased drenched in blood, which circulated online. Read AlsoAccording to a source, the deceased had been in Owerri for about three months and dedicated his second daughter in church two months ago. When contacted, the Police Public Relations Officer in the state, Bala Elkana, said he was not in a position to speak for another security agency. However, the spokesperson for the Nigerian Air Force in the state, Simeon Simeon, said he was not aware of the incident. “It is not true. I have not heard about the incident, but how can Air Force personnel shoot someone?” he said.  Source By Johnson Eyiangho   Abuja  -    The Nigerian Air Force (NAF) has denied that it is involved in human rights abuses during the herdsmen/farmers clashes in Numan general area of Adamawa as alleged by the Amnesty International. NAF, in a statement by its Spokesman, Air Vice Marshal Olatokunbo Adesanya,… In "News" SOKOTO - A mother of seven, Maryam Abdulrahman and a young man have allegedly been killed by Air Force men who stormed Mabera area in Sokoto-South local government of Sokoto State to avenge the harassment of a girlfriend of one of their colleagues. Daily Trust also learnt that six other people… In "Metro" Ikeja- New York bound intending passengers on Arik Air have been stranded at the Murtala Muhammed International Airport, Lagos. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) airport correspondent reports that the intending travelers, numbering no fewer than 100 were stranded at the airport since April 17. The intending travelers resorted to… In "Business"