Popular Nigerian cleric, Bishop David Oyedepo of the Winners Chapel has said only church investments are currently surviving in the Nigerian economy.  Oyedepo said church investments are doing well because there are no wrong additions. Addressing his members on Sunday, the preacher, observed that other establishments and investments may be manipulated to look flourishing but are not. Oyedepo pointed out that “believers” are doing well in the employment of labour in Nigeria. He said: “Remove the products of revival from Nigeria economy, there is nothing remaining. “Let me say this and I am saying this very boldly; the only thing remaining in Nigeria today are the investments of God’s people. The only one. “You know the other people are busy killing themselves. No plan, no purpose, no forward-looking. “Check all the employers of labour today in this country, authentic, not manipulated stuff. They are believers. “Those are products of a revival. Unleashing financial fortune to advance his Kingdom. “That is why your Church will be building rural Churches and at the same time building the Ark and building every other thing that is coming around.”  Source By Tim Cocks OTA Nigeria (Reuters) - When a guesthouse belonging to one of Nigeria's leading Christian pastors collapsed last month, killing 115 mostly South African pilgrims, attention focused on the multimillion-dollar "megachurches" that form a huge, untaxed sector of Africa's top economy. Hundreds of millions of dollars change hands… In "News" Sango-Ota, (Ogun) - The General Overseer of the Living Faith Church (LFC), Bishop David Oyedepo, on Wednesday urged Nigerians to unite in prayers to overcome the current challenges facing the country. Oyedepo spoke at the opening ceremony of the annual Winners Chapel Convention, Shiloh 2015, entitled ``From Glory to Glory,’’ at Canaan… In "News" The Living Faith Church, also known as Winners Chapel, has cleared the air on statements attributed to its general overseer, Bishop David Oyedepo, claiming that he asked God to open “hell gate” on opponents of President Goodluck Jonathan, when the president visited the headquarters of the church in Ota, Ogun… In "News"