Popular Islamic cleric, Sheik Ahmad Gumi has defended the actions and activities of killer herdsmen.  According to him, it is unfair to compare the activities of criminal herdsmen with those of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB).  Gumi said crimes committed by IPOB members outweigh those committed by bandits. He added that IPOB members kill security agents while herdsmen do not kill but only kidnap children to make money. He said this when he appeared on Arise TV today June 23. “IPOB is attacking the police, the army, Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) and other government institutions; killing our men in service. And the herdsmen are kidnapping children not to kill them but to get money; so how can you compare somebody who is killing our gallant men in the armed forces directly to somebody who is kidnapping children to make money and not to kill them. Look, we need some fairness in what we are doing” he said Sheik Gumi has consistently supported bandits in the country. He has called for amnesty for the bandits who have overtime carried out the abduction and killing of students from different parts of the country. Watch a video of him speaking below: A post shared by Lindaikejiblog (@lindaikejiblogofficial) •Sheikh Gumi ABUJA - Controversial Islamic cleric, Sheikh Ahmad Gumi, has declared that criminal herdsmen (bandits) are better than members of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB). In his explanation of his position, Gumi submitted that the bandits and herdsmen commit crimes that are not as weighty as those committed… In "Top Stories" President Muhammadu Buhari has been called upon to arrest popular Islamic cleric, Sheikh Gumi. The Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council Worldwide, OYC made the call, saying Sheikh Gumi should be arrested to explain what he knows about banditry in the Northern part of the country. Gumi is believed to have drawn… In "News" A respected Islamic cleric, Sheik Abubakar Gumi, has said there are about 100,000 armed bandits in the North-West alone. Gumi said the bandits kidnapping school pupils were disappointed that he negotiated with them without the involvement of the Federal Government. The cleric insisted that until the government engaged with the… In "News"