Kenneth Amaeshi, Nigerian-born professor of sustainable business at the University of Edinburgh, has been named professor of sustainable finance and governance at the European University Institute (EUI) in Florence, Italy.  The academic is the first Nigerian to be appointed in the role at the institution. The European University Institute was set up in 1972 by the founding members of the European communities “to cultivate high-level contributors to academics and policy-making who will shape social progress and the advancement of the European spirit”. Amaeshi, a native of Imo state and Chevening scholar, will oversee research and pedagogy on global south governance in the light of the EUI’s repositioning after the exit of the United Kingdom from the European Union.  He is the first black African professor at the 438-year-old University of Edinburgh. He obtained his bachelor’s degree in philosophy from the University of Uyo, and master’s degree in industrial/organisational psychology from the University of Nigeria, Nsukka. He has also earned multiple academic degrees from several European universities, including the Pontifical Urban University, Rome (BPhil in philosophy – cum laude), and University of Hull, School of Economics, UK (MSc in economics of public policy).  He studied at the University of Nottingham, Business School, UK (MBA in corporate social responsibility); Oxford University, Said Business School, UK (visiting PhD scholar), and the University of Warwick, Business School, UK (PhD in international business and political economy). Amaeshi is a fellow of the Royal Society of Arts, UK; an external examiner at Oxford University, and an extraordinary professor of business in Africa at the Graduate School of Business, University of Cape Town, South Africa. Commenting on Amaeshi’s appointment, Alex Stubb, director, School of Transnational Governance at EUI and former prime minister of Finland, said: “We are excited that Professor Amaeshi has accepted to join us after a very competitive recruitment process. He brings an invaluable wealth of experience and timely knowledge of the global south.”  •Prof Adesoji Adesugba, MD of NEPZA ABUJA (SundiataPost) - President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Professor Adesoji Adesugba as the new Managing Director of Nigeria Export Processing Zones Authority (NEPZA), a parastatal under the Federal Ministry of Trade and Investment. The President's approval was given in a letter… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Professor of Public Law, Ayodele Atsenuwa has been appointed as Deputy Vice-Chancellor (Development Services) of the University of Lagos. At the Statutory Meeting of Senate held on Monday, March 29, 2021, she was elected via an electronic voting process with 81 votes (63.28%).… In "Top Stories" Foremost Nigerian Professor of Political Science, distinguished international scholar and the globally acknowledged father of The Two Publics in Africa , Professor Peter Ekeh is dead. Professor Ekeh’s ground-breaking academic work “Colonialism and the Two Publics in Africa: A Theoretical Statement” first published in 1975 is one of the most… In "News"