By Chibuike Nwabuko ABUJA (Sundiata Post)  –  A Federal High Court in Abuja has upheld the power of the President to extend the tenure of a retiring Inspector General of Police (IGP) pending the completion of the process for the appointment of a substantive successor, the Nation has reported. Justice Ahmed Mohammed made this pronouncement in a judgment on Friday in the suit by a lawyer, Maxwell Okpara, who challenged President Muhammadu Buhari’s decision to extend the tenure of the immediate past IGP, Muhammed Abubakar Adamu for three months. Justice Mohammed held that since the Constitution and the Police Act empower the President to appoint an IGP, by implication, he could extend the tenure of a retiring IGP before concluding the required consultation with the Police Council and other processes required for the appointment of a substantive replacement. The judge observed that the Constitution and the Police Act are silent on the issue of whether or not the President could extend the tenure of a retired IGP. Sundiata Post recalls that President Muhammadu Buhari extended the tenure of former Inspector General of Police Mohammed Abubakar Adamu with three months after the expiration of his tenure in office. Inspector General of Police, Mr. Mohammed Adamu, has faulted argument that his retention in office was unlawful. IGP Adamu attained the maximum 35 years in service on February 1, 2021. The police chief argued that the new Nigeria Police Act gave him a four-year tenure which would only lapse in… In "News" …Accuses Amaechi, El’rufai of Masterminding the Plot Abuja (Sundiata Post) The Coalition Of United Political Parties, (CUPP), has moved to stop the extension of tenure of the Inspector General of Police, Ibrahim Idris as it has dragged President Muhammadu Buhari and the Police Service Commission to court. The court action… In "Top Stories" The National Association of Nigerian Students has backed the decision of President Muhammadu Buhari to extend the tenure of Mohammed Adamu as Inspector-General of Police for three months. The students body faulted the leadership of the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA), for instituting legal action against the Presidency, claiming that the… In "News"