A new Registrar has been appointed by the Governing Board of the National Examinations Council (NECO).  According to DailyPost, Mr. Ebikibina John Ogborodi has now been appointed as the Acting Registrar/Chief Executive of NECO.  Ogborodi’s appointment followed the death of the Registrar, Professor Godswill Obioma on Monday, 1st June, 2021 after a brief illness. Until his appointment,Ogborodi was the Director, Special Duties in the Council. His appointment was confirmed in a circular issued by the Director, Human Resource Management, Mr. Mustapha K. Abdul. Abdul explained that the Acting Registrar’s appointment was endorsed by the Governing Board at its emergency meeting held on 2nd June, 2021. He said that Mr. Ogborodi’s appointment was as a result of his being the most senior Director in the Council. The circular added that all activities of the Council are to continue unabated as earlier planned. Mr. Ogborodi hails from Sagbama Local Government Area of Bayelsa State. He obtained his first Degree from University of Jos in 1986 and a Master Degree in Learning Disability from the same university in 1999. The Acting Registrar joined the service of NECO in 1999 and had served in different capacities. He was a former Acting Director, Examination Development Department; Acting Director, Office of the Registrar; Director, General Services and Director, Human Resource Management among others. Mr. Ogborodi is married and blessed with children.  Source •Late Prof Godswill Obioma MINNA - The governing council of the Nigerian Examinations Council (NECO) has appointed Mr Ebikibina John Ogborodi as the acting registrar of the examination body. Mr Ebikibina John Ogborodi should be appointed to act pending when the president will appoint a substantive registrar/Chief executive of NECO.According… In "News" The family of the late Registrar/Chief Executive of the National Examinations Council (NECO), Prof. Godswill Obioma, has debunked reports, especially in the social media, that he was assassinated. Obioma died on Monday; he was 67. In a statement yesterday in Minna, the Niger State capital, the family said the NECO… In "News" By Aminu Garko   Minna   -    The Registrar of National Examinations Council (NECO), Prof Charles Uwakwe, has been suspended over alleged financial mismanagement and abuse of office. Also suspended are two deputy directors in charge of finance and procurement, respectively, in the council. Rumour had made the rounds that the… In "News"