ABUJA – The federal government has given a condition to lift the indefinite suspension it placed on Twitter operations in Nigeria. Minister of Foreign Affairs, Geoffrey Onyeama, according sundry media reports, made this known to newsmen at a meeting with some envoys on Monday. Onyeama said that Twitter’s operations in Nigeria would be restored only if the platform could be used “responsibly.” He further said that the federal government never said Twitter was threatening the country. He stated that the suspension of the platform was a measure taken to stop it from being used to destabilize the country. Onyeama, however, noted that there was no definite timeline for lifting the ban. According to him: “We are not saying that Twitter is threatening the country or any such thing. “Why we have taken this measure is to stop them from being used as platform for destabilization and facilitation of criminality or encouragement of criminalities.” Recall that Minister of Information, Lai Mohammed had earlier announced that the operations of Twitter in Nigeria had been banned. He siad the persistent use of the platform for activities that were capable of undermining Nigeria’s corporate existence was the reason for the suspension. (The ConclaveNg) According to The PUNCH, the Federal Government has summoned the envoys of the United States, United Kingdom, Canada and the European Union in Nigeria over their recent comments on the suspension of microblogging site Twitter in the West African Country. This was contained in an invitation to pressmen issued on… In "News" •President Muhammadu Buhari ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The main opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has described as international shame the suspension of the operations of social media giant, Twitter by President Muhammadu Buhari on Friday. In a statement signed by the party's national publicity secretary, Kola Ologbondiyan, the party reminded… In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has reacted to the suspension of the social media platform, Twitter, by the President Muhammadu Buhari-led Federal Government, describing it as a draconian action and a slide towards a fascist regime. Reacting to the federal government suspension of… In "Top Stories"