The National Association of University Students (NAUS) on Sunday appealed to the Federal Government to urgently address ASUU demands to avert another strike.  ASUU suspended a nine-month strike on Dec. 24, 2020, but threatened in March to go back on strike over alleged victimisation of its members and non-payment of salaries of more than 10 months. It said while members were back to their duty posts, the harsh economy due to unpaid salaries and non-refund of deducted check-off dues would affect productivity. National President of NAUS, Ijegalu Felix, told a news conference in Abeokuta that students would again be at the blunt end of another ASUU strike. He expressed disappointment that after few months of suspending the nine- month strike, some promises made to the union were yet to be met. “We commend the government on its commitment to reviving the education sector so far, but we want government to address some, if not all of the issues raised by ASUU,’’ Felix said. He also called on the Federal and the state governments to continue to take the protection of students seriously, especially on campuses. “We also call on the Inspector General of Police, Usman Baba, to immediately withdraw police personnel attached to VIPs across the country and redeploy them to our various institutions of learning to protect the lives of our students. “Students are the future leaders and security is very important to the development of the country,’’ he said added. The student leader also commended Gov. Dapo Abiodun of Ogun State for the good work his administration had done in the education sector. “During our short stay in the state, we observe that Ogun State has witnessed tremendous developmental in all the sectors,’’ he noted. (NAN) The Federal Government on Sunday criticised the Academic Staff Union Universities, saying issues concerning seven-month strike by the union were confusing.     The Minister of State for Education, Emeka Nwajiuba, who stated this in an interview with one of correspondents in Abuja, accused the union of muddling things up… In "Education" By Idowu Ariwodola Ado Ekiti -  Some students of Ekiti State University (EKSU), Ado Ekiti, have appealed to the Academic Staff Union of University (ASUU) and the university authorities to resolve the lingering industrial crisis in the institution. Some of the students told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on… In "News" Abakaliki - The warning strike embarked by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) has paralysed academic activities at Ebonyi State University (EBSU), the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports. The nation-wide warning strike in its second day was declared to press home ASUU’s demand for the Federal Government to… In "News"