ABUJA (Sundiata Post) – The Alaigbo Development Foundation (ADF) has said the arrest of IPOB leader, Nnamdi Kanu won’t dampen the Igbo yearning for freedom.The group also called on Igbo lawyers to rise to the challenge of defending Nnamdi Kanu and all other Igbo youths languishing in various detention centres in Nigeria. In a statement issued on Tuesday by Prof.  Uzodinma Nwala, its president and Abia Onyike,  head of media, ADF said it was saddened by the news of Kanu’s arrest and his arrangement in court. The full statement reads: The Alaigbo Development Foundation (ADF) has received the news of the arrest and deportation of Nnamdi Kanu to Nigeria and his subsequent arraignment in Court in continuation of his previous trial.2. This development is very unfortunate both for the continued existence of the crisis-riden Nigerian federation and the struggle for the self-determination and emancipation of Igboland from the artificial Nigerian federation.3. The arrest or elimination of Nnamdi Kanu from the scene of the struggle is most unlikely to result in the smashing of the spirit of the longing for freedom of the Igbo Nation or that of other Nationalities that are equally struggling to free themselves from the chaotic Nigerian federation.4. Earlier in the day, we saw a social media news item with the headline: “Nnamdi Kanu arrested and Boko Haram fighters released”. This news item summarizes the grave injustice in the Federal government’s attempt to crush Nnamdi Kanu and his IPOB supporters, while the blood sucking Boko Haram and other bandits are on Some of them are languishing in several detention and torture centers in the Federation the prawl throughout the entire Federation including Katsina the home state of Mr President.5. The Igbo Nation is meanwhile groaning under the agony of the massive arrests, torture and killing of many Igbo youths by security agents of the Federal Government.6. One thing is very clear. The Federal Republic of Nigeria is breathing its last. It may well go the way of other federations which were created artificially and held together by the force of arms.7. We call on the International Community not to turn it’s back on the horrors taking place in Nigeria, especially in Igboland.8. We equally call on all Igbo lawyers no matter their persuasions, to come together and defend Nnamdi Kanu as well as several other Igbo youths who are languishing in various detention centres and prisons all over Nigeria. PROF. UZODINMA NWALA,ADF PRESIDENT. ABIA ONYIKE,CHAIRMAN, ADF BUREAU OF MEDIA & PUBLICITY. An Igbo group, the Alaigbo Development Foundation (ADF), has said that it would drag the leadership of Arewa Youths to the International Criminal Court [ICC], Hague, and a Nigerian court, to answer questions bothering on its quit notice to the Igbo living in the North. Also to be included in… In "Top Stories" ABUJA - South-East activists under the umbrella of International Society for Civil Liberties & the Rule of Law (Intersociety) and Southeast Based Coalition of Human Rights Organizations (SBCHROs) have vehemently denied naming immediate past Anambra State Governor, Mr. Peter Obi, Deputy Senate President, Chief Ike Ekweremadu, and 21 others as… In "News" By Ikenna Uwadileke Abuja - A socio-cultural group, Alaigbo Development Foundation (ADF) has mourned the death of Chief Innocent Nwoga, a former Minister of Establishment, who passed on at the age of 85. In a statement signed by Mr Abia Onyike, Chairman, ADF Bureau of Media & Publicity, it described… In "Politics"