By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – President Muhammadu Buhari blew hot on Tuesday over report of destruction of national assets, especially offices of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), threatening that rude shock awaits those who want the destruction of the system. According to the statement signed by the Special Adviser to the President (Media and Publicity) Femi Adesina, Buhari stated this after receiving briefing from the Chairman of Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), Prof Mahmood Yakubu, on series of attacks on facilities of the electoral body round the country. The statement reads in full: President Muhammadu Buhari Tuesday issued a stern warning to those bent on destroying the country through promoting insurrection, and burning down critical national assets: a rude shock awaits them, and very soon too. The President spoke after he received briefing from Chairman of Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), Prof Mahmood Yakubu, on series of attacks on facilities of the electoral body round the country. “I receive daily security reports on the attacks, and it is very clear that those behind them want this administration to fail,” President Buhari said. “Insecurity in Nigeria is now mentioned all over the world. All the people who want power, whoever they are, you wonder what they really want. Whoever wants the destruction of the system will soon have the shock of their lives. We’ve given them enough time.” President Buhari recalled that he visited all the 36 states of the country before the 2019 election, “and majority of the people believed me, and the election proved it.” He promised to continue leading the country in accordance with Constitutional provisions. He said those misbehaving in certain parts of the country were obviously too young to know the travails and loss of lives that attended the Nigerian Civil War. “Those of us in the fields for 30 months, who went through the war, will treat them in the language they understand. We are going to be very hard sooner than later.” The President said the Service Chiefs and the Inspector General of Police have been changed, “and we will demand security from them.” On the dangers posed to future elections by the burning of INEC facilities, President Buhari said he would give the electoral commission all it needed to operate, “so that no one would say we don’t want to go, or that we want a third term. There will be no excuse for failure. We’ll meet all INEC’s demands.” In his briefing, Prof Yakubu said that so far, there have been 42 cases of attacks on INEC offices nationwide, since the last General Election. “The 42 incidents so far occurred in 14 states of the Federation for a variety of reasons….Most of the attacks happened in the last seven months, and they are unrelated to protest against previous elections. From the pattern and frequency of the most recent attacks, they appear to be targeted at future elections. The intention is to incapacitate the Commission, undermine the nation’s democracy and precipitate a national crisis,” Prof Yakubu said. Femi Adesina Special Adviser to the President (Media and Publicity) June 1, 2021 PORT HARCOURT (Sundiata Post) - The All Progressives Congress (APC), Rivers State Chapter, has described the last-minute postponement of the February 2015 polls as a [pro_ad_display_adzone id="10"]criminal ploy to derail the country’s nascent democracy. The party in a statement by its State Chairman, Dr. Davies Ikanya, described the news… In "News" ABUJA - The National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Prince Uche Secondus has said that shoddy arrangement for this election by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) is a deliberate predetermined agenda of President Muhammadu Buhari to cling on to power even when it’s obvious to him that… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Special Adviser to former President Goodluck Jonathan, Reno Omokri has warned against alleged plan by President Muhammadu Buhari to sack the Chairman of Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), Prof Mahmud Yakubu, warning that he must not be replaced with Amina Zakari if he… In "News"