Gunshots rented the Obelawo area along Ikirun road in Osogbo, the capital of Osun State on Tuesday night when three soldiers invaded a police post in the area to free their colleague detained by policemen. It was gathered that the gunshots led to palpable tension in the area as residents scampered for safety. A source close to the police post, who pleaded not to be named, said policemen had arrested some suspected cultists and kept them in custody. He said: “One of the suspected cultists that were arrested is related to a soldier. The man (soldier) came to the station in the afternoon on Tuesday to secure administrative bail for his brother. During interaction with the policemen, an argument ensued and the soldier was put inside the custody with the cultists. However, he had communicated his colleagues informing them that he had been detained in the police post.” It was learnt that three soldiers, armed with knives and wearing camouflage vests, invaded the police post around 8pm to forcefully free their detained colleague. Another source said: “The policemen started shooting into the air to scare the soldiers but when they observed that they were resolute, they fired bullets on the three soldiers which did not penetrate. The policemen in the station fled their station as the soldiers chased them away from the station.The soldiers returned to the station and freed their colleague.” Osun Police spokesman, SP Yemisi Opalola, confirmed the incident. She said, “suspects who claimed they are military men from Ede took the suspected cultist away to Ede Military Barrack. We have made arrests.”  (The Nation) PORT HARCOURT (Sundiata Post) - Determined  to  rid Rivers State of cultists and kidnappers, Governor, Nyesom Ezenwo Wike has  directed  the immediate demolition  of property  acquired through crimes in line with the  state anti-kidnapping and cultism law. ‎The governor reiterated  his offer of amnesty to cultists and kidnappers who submit  their… In "Top Stories" A Federal High Court in Abuja heard on Monday how a team of soldiers, attached to the 93 Battalion in Takum, Taraba State, attacked a police team that had gone to arrest a suspected kidnap kinpin, Hamisu Bala (Wadume). An Assistant Superintendent of Police, Felix Adolije, who said he led… In "News" •Force PRO, Frank Mba The Nigeria police Force, through its spokesman, DCP Frank Mba, has said that soldiers killed three officers of the Force and a civilian in Taraba State. In a statement on Wednesday, DCP Mba said that the three officers were killed while on investigative activities within the… In "Top Stories"