Governor Mai Mala Buni who is also the Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC) Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee on Tuesday, has stated that ruling party is now the largest in Africa.  The Yobe State Governor made the revelation on Tuesday at the party’s National Secretariat when the Korean Ambassador to Nigeria, Chi Tun Chon Hu, paid a visit to the party’s headquarters in the Federal Capital Territory, Abuja. Buni, who was represented by Secretary of the APC Caretaker Committee, Senator John James Akpanudoedehe noted that the recently concluded membership registration and revalidation exercise puts the total number of members at over 40 million. “The APC is the ruling party in Nigeria and is the largest political party in Africa going by figures of its just-concluded membership registration. We stand at over 40, million registered members. “We, therefore, look forward to more robust engagement between our countries and even on political parties basis,” he said. The party, between February and April 2021, conducted a membership registration and revalidation exercise across the country. The exercise was aimed at giving prospective members the chance to be officially registered in the party.  Source BODE OLAGOKE takes a look at how Governor Mai Mala Buni-led National Caretaker Committee has fared in its task of restoring peace and genuine reconciliation to the governing All Progressives Congress (APC) after the exit of Adams Oshiomhole. Background The birth of governor Mai Mala Buni-led All Progressives Congress (APC)… In "Politics" The former National Vice-Chairman (South-South), All Progressives Congress, Hilliard Eta, has rejected his expulsion by the National Executive Committee of the party, which met at the Presidential Villa, Abuja, on Tuesday. He described the Mai Mala Buni-led Caretaker/Extraordinary National Convention Planning Committee as an illegal contraption, which had no constitutional… In "Politics" A powerful group is mounting pressure on state caretaker chairmen of the All Progressives Congress (APC) to push for the extension of the party’s membership registration and revalidation, which expired on Wednesday. The thickening plot, if it succeeds, will make the June expiration of tenure of the National Caretaker Committee… In "Politics"