By Ismaila Chafe ABUJA – President Muhammadu Buhari has congratulated Gov. Bello Matawalle of Zamfara on his defection from the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) to the All Progressives Congress (APC). According to the president, the ruling party is becoming more popular because of its impressive record and commitment to good governance. A statement by Malam Garba Shehu, the President’s spokesman, said Buhari stated this in a message delivered on his behalf by Mr Boss Mustapha, the Secretary to Government of the Federation (SGF), at the defection ceremony in Gusau on Tuesday. He said: “I’m proud of your timely and wise decision to join the governing party and our doors are wide open to other politicians who believe in our vision to rebuild Nigeria. “Your voluntary decision to join our party confirms the fact that our agenda for good governance is the only reason why Nigerians are getting attracted to the APC because the other alternative didn’t work.” The president however urged APC governors and elected lawmakers across the country “to continue to work harder to ensure our party maintains its popularity and retains power beyond 2023”. He reminded all elected party officials of the fact that “your performance at all levels will impact significantly on the fortunes of the party”. He added that “party leaders should avoid complacency at all times in order to build the APC from strength to strength”. (NAN) By Abubakar Ahmed Gusau- A chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Zamfara, Alhaji Aminu Sani-Jaji, says those kicking against Gov. Bello Matawalle’s plan to join the APC are not good democrats. Sani-Jaji who made his position known at a press briefing in Gusau on Monday, added that Matawalle… In "Politics" The Peoples Democratic Party has been warned that it risks losing many more governors if affairs of the party are not conducted differently. One of the party's Governors, Bello Matawalle of Zamfara State said this while praising the boldness of Ebonyi state Governor, Dave Umahi for defecting to the All… In "Politics" Following the defection of Governor Bello Matawalle, Nigerian activist, Deji Adeyanju, has disclosed that two more governors may dump the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) for the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC). Adeyanju alleged that the APC are currently in talks with the governors. In a tweet, the Convener of Concerned… In "Politics"