There was a fire outbreak at a strategic store of Specialist Hospital, Yola.  The Adamawa State Specialist Hospital, located in the Jimeta district of the state capital, is the biggest state government hospital in Adamawa. Although, witnesses say no less than three trucks of fire fighting vehicles had gone to put off the fire by afternoon of Sunday, signs of the destructive fire were still evident by the early evening. Smoke was still oozing from burnt furniture and other items around the building tagged ‘Central Sterile Supply Department’ when our correspondent visited the place. The cause of the fire outbreak was still unknown at the time of filing this report. Typical of the hospital, no official would speak on the incident. The Adamawa State Specialist Hospital, located in Jimeta, Yola North Local Government Area (LGA), was the state’s formost hospital before the federal government built the Federal Medical Centre (FMC), located in Yola Town, Yola South LGA. The Specialist Hospital, after which a major street along which it is located is named, remains a strategic healthcare centre to which difficult cases are referred from across the 21 LGAs of the state.  Source YOLA - The AUN-Adamawa Peace Initiative, a non-governmental organisation composed of religious and community leaders, has denounced the suicide bombing on Tuesday night in a local market in Yola, the Adamawa State capital. “This senseless violence can never be condoned and we sympathise with the families of those who lost loved ones as… In "News" By Muhammad Auwal Yola - Poultry birds numbering 8,845 were roasted in a midnight fire outbreak Jimeta Central Market in Yola, the capital of Adamawa State, the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports. Alhaji Idris Sa’idu, Chairman, Adamawa Branch of the National Chicken Dealers Association, made the disclosure to NAN… In "News" YOLA, Adamawa (Sundiata Post) - The management team of the American University of Nigeria was at the neighbouring Federal Medical Centre, Yola, in the morning of Friday to sympathise with the victims of the bomb blast on Thursday at Jimeta Modern Market and to meet with their families. A consignment… In "News"