LAGOS – Miss Cherish Daniel Markson, a student of Bridge House College, Lagos has been awarded the Top in World Award in Law and High Achievement in Sociology by the Cambridge International Assessment Examination. Cherish, who is the daughter of Mr. Daniel Iworiso-Markson, the immediate past  Commissioner for Information and Orientation in Bayelsa State, received the prestigious award for her outstanding achievement in her Advanced Subsidiary Level Examination -November 2020/2021 series. The international qualification is said to be recognised globally by the world’s best universities and employers as giving students a wide range of options in their education and career. According to the school, Cherish achieved all A-stars (A*) in nine of her IGCSE subjects; (English, Mathematics, Biology, Geography, Literature, Business Studies, Economics, History and ICT). In a letter to her parents to confirm the remarkable feat, the management of the school said: “We are delighted to inform you of Cherish’s outstanding achievement in her Advanced Subsidiary Level Examination -November 2020/2021 Series. “Cambridge International Assessment and Examination has awarded her the Top in World Award in Law and High Achievement in Sociology. “This achievement is due to Cherish’s hard work and determination to succeed. We are pleased to have provided the springboard for your child’s outstanding achievement. “We congratulate Cherish for this impressive academic performance and she should be extremely proud of her results”, it said. The teenage prodigy while speaking on the award, thanked her parents for being supportive and being her motivation while she was studying. She said: “My parents have always been there for me, supporting me educationally, financially and even spiritually through their prayers. I constantly work hard to make them proud and I am glad I was able to achieve that”. She also praised her school, Bridge House College for her tremendous feat and credits them for providing the necessary friendly and professional guidance that enabled her win this prestigious award. “I am finishing my first year of A-levels in England. Next year, I hope to study Law at one of England’s prestigious University. I believe that this award is a good start and with continuous hard-work and dedication, I will have many more to come”. Explaining her delight at winning such prestigious award from British Council and Cambridge International, Cherish said, “to be identified as an Outstanding Learner and receive such global recognition for it has made me resolve to keep working hard in my academics”. On his part, father of Cherish, Mr. Iworiso-Markson, said the award was a befitting reward for his daughter’s hardwork in pursuit of academic excellence. The former Bayelsa Information Commissioner stated that his daughter gave her best and they are proud of her achievements which is a great milestone worthy of celebration. “We were so delighted when we got the letter. We knew she will come out in flying colours but she took us all by surprise by even going the extra mile to come out tops. Certainly, every parents will be proud of this achievement and we are”, he said. In her remark, the Principal of Bridge House College, Ayoola Akinyeye, said the school is focused on grooming life-long learners and building a learning organisation that is conversant with the use of 21st century learning methodologies and strategies. The Principal commended Cherish for her exceptional performance, saying that after being awarded top in the country this year and previous years, this is the first time the school would be coming out top in the world. She further believes that Cherish is capable of soaring high in whatever field she intends to study because of the kind of education she has received. By Nathan Nwakamma   Yenagoa  -   The Bayelsa government has commended its candidates for their impressive performance in the 2017 School Certificate examinations conducted by the National Examinations Council (NECO), an official said on Friday in Yenagoa. Mr Daniel Iworiso-Markson, the Chief Press Secretary to Bayelsa Governor in a statement… In "News" YENAGOA (Sundiata Post) - The Bayelsa State go­vernment has emphasi­sed the need to give the child the neces­sary education that would make her a ref­erence point in glob­al reckoning. The government speci­fically stated that it would make girl child education a pri­ority of the Restora­tion Administration of Governor Henry Se­riake… In "Local News" YENAGOA (Sundiata Post) - The Bayelsa State Co­mmissioner for Infor­mation and Orientati­on, Daniel Iworiso-M­arkson has charged members of the Nigeri­an Institute of Publ­ic Relations (NIPR)‎ to join the campaign against child molestation. According to him, the NIPR as a reputable organisation, can attract more attenti­on to the growing ca­ses of… In "Local News"