 Health officials in Taiwan on Wednesday announced that existing virus control measures would be extended through mid-July as more clusters of coronavirus infections spring up.  The current rules on social gatherings and venues were imposed in mid-May when domestically transmitted cases surged. The nationwide Level three alert under which those rules apply had been set to be lifted on June 28. Central Epidemic Command Centre (CECC) Chief Chen Shih-chung told a news conference that the alert would now last through July 12. New cluster infections were found in certain traditional markets, nursing homes and construction sites in northern Taiwan, where capital Taipei sits. “The situation has been nevertheless improving,’’ Chen said, urging residents to remain cooperative. Virus control measures were further tightened in all agricultural wholesale markets in northern Taiwan. On Wednesday, the CECC announced 104 new locally transmitted coronavirus cases and 24 related deaths. Since the pandemic began, Taiwan has confirmed a total of 14,260 coronavirus infections. As at Wednesday, the death toll had reached 599. (dpa/NAN) MANILA/TAIPEI - The Philippines on Friday lifted a travel ban that was imposed on visitors from Taiwan in a bid to control the spread of the coronavirus, and will evaluate other restrictions including those on Macau. According to government officials, the decision followed a warning by Taiwan, which has only… In "Foreign" Beijing - Medical authorities in China on Tuesday said a new strain of coronavirus is spreading across China where at least 291 people had been infected and six had died. According to the National Health Commission, 77 new cases were identified on Monday alone, another 54 patients were suspected of… In "Foreign" By Peter Beaumont, Sarah Moseley and Helen Davidson Confirmed global coronavirus infections have passed the 1.5 million mark, as a new study of containment measures in China suggests that countries preparing to ease their lockdowns will have to continuously monitor potential new cases to prevent a second deadly outbreak. The… In "Features"