LAGOS – The Synagogue Church of All Nations (SCOAN) has confirmed death of its founder and General Overseer Prophet TB Joshua. It said Joshua died in Lagos on Saturday after concluding a church programme. His last words, according to the church, were “Watch and pray.” Joshua was 57. The church made the announcement in a post on the TB Joshua Ministries official Facebook handle. The post reads: “PROPHET TB JOSHUA – JUNE 12th 1963 to JUNE 5th 2021 “Surely the Sovereign LORD does nothing without revealing his plan to his servants the prophets.” – Amos 3:7 ‘’On Saturday 5th June 2021, Prophet TB Joshua spoke during the Emmanuel TV Partners Meeting: “Time for everything – time to come here for prayer and time to return home after the service. ‘’God has taken His servant Prophet TB Joshua home – as it should be by divine will. His last moments on earth were spent in the service of God. This is what he was born for, lived for and died for. ‘’As Prophet TB Joshua says, “The greatest way to use life is to spend it on something that will outlive it”. ‘’Prophet TB Joshua leaves a legacy of service and sacrifice to God’s Kingdom that is living for generations yet unborn. ‘’The Synagogue, Church Of All Nations and Emmanuel TV Family appreciate your love, prayers and concern at this time and request a time of privacy for the family. ‘’Here are Prophet TB Joshua’s last words: “Watch and pray.” ‘’One life for Christ is all we have; one life for Christ is so dear.’’ ABUJA - TB Joshua, founder of the Synagogue Church of All Nations (SCOAN), is dead He had stroke two months ago and was flown by air ambulance to Turkey for treatment, The church management confirmed his death in a statement issued on Sunday. According to the statement, Joshua, aged 57,… In "Top Stories" “Time for everything – time to come here for prayer and time to return home after the service.’’ were some of Prophet Temitope Balogun Joshua’s last memorable words, when he spoke during the Emmanuel TV Partners Meeting on Saturday. Joshua, Nigerian pastor, televangelist, philanthropist, leader, and founder of The Synagogue,… In "Features" •Late Prophet TB Joshua  LAGOS - Prophet Temitope Joshua, founder of the Synagogue Church of All Nations (SCOAN) was conducting a church service when he suddenly felt uncomfortable, it has been learnt. The popular prophet, sources said, passed away around 2am today, Sunday, June 6, 2021, hours after he walked… In "Metro"