Nigerian hip-hop star, Olamide Adedeji, simply known as Olamide, has delivered on his promise to his fans as he has released his highly anticipated album — Uy Scuti.  Uy Scuti is a red supergiant star in the constellation Scutum. It is considered one of the largest known stars. The album, which was named after the supergiant star, was released earlier today and has been receiving positive reviews from the rapper’s fans and colleagues. So far, the album name, Uy Scuti, and Olamide are trending at number one and three, respectively, on the Nigerian Twitter space. Taking to their Twitter accounts, celebrities like Don Jazzy, Timi Dakolo, Adekunle Gold, Peruzzi, among many others, have praised the rapper’s latest effort. In a tweet, legendary beatmaker Don Jazzy, wrote, “The bro @Olamide just blessed us with an amazing body of work. #UYSCUTI.” Also, sonorous singer, Timi Dakolo, described the album as an amazing body of work. He said, “Please, if you see this tweet, just give @Olamide his Flowers. #UYSCUTI is an amazing body of work.” Popular On-Air Personality and hype man, Do2dtun, noted the album is ‘beyond mature.’ Fondly referred to as ‘The Energy Gad’, the hype man tweeted, “Olamide just reminded us all why they call him Baddo. He left us in a trance. This is a damn good album, beyond mature, magically different and heartfelt #UyScuti.” Funny man, Mr Macaroni, while commending the rapper’s latest project, called Olamide a king as he tweeted, “Olamide is king forever abeg!! Truly, Truly, Baddo Na Baba! #UYSCUTI,” (sic) In a tweet, Peruzzi said, “My Baddo Don Dropped!!!! Congrats Bad Man @Olamide #UYSCUTI,”(sic) Iconic singer, Adekunle Gold, who was formerly singed to Olamide’s YBNL record, simply tweeted, “UYSCUTI Out now! No 11!” Furthermore, in a series of tweets, Olamide revealed to his fans that it was not easy for him to keep the project to himself for one month before releasing it. He wrote, “Imagine listening to #UYSCUTI alone for a month…. I want ment ! I couldn’t wait to share with the world. “Glad it’s finally out #YBNLMafia run up the numbers! You know as the thing de go.”(sic)    Fans of the YBNL boss, Olamide, are in a frenzy mood as the artiste has announced the release of a new work of art about eight months after he released his last project, Carpe Diem. The artiste took to his social media pages to share the work of art of… In "Entertainment" By Collins Yakubu-Hammer Abuja   -      Award winning rapper, Olamide Adedeje, also known as `Olamide Baddo’ has appreciated his fans worldwide for the one million views of his latest and controversial music video `WO’ on YouTube. The music video was officially released over a week ago. The Bariga,… In "Entertainment" Nigerian musician, Adekunle Gold has shared screenshots of the DM he sent Don Jazzy 9 years ago asking for his help. Adekunle said the reason for sharing the DM is to encourage people who are still struggling. In the DM he shared, Adekunle begged the Mavin Records Boss, to make… In "Entertainment"