Ile-Ife  –  The Ooni of Ife, Oba Adeyeye Ogunwusi Ojaja II, has called for improved security measures to protect the lives and properties of citizens. A statement issued on Monday in Ile-Ife by Mr Moses Olafare, Director Media and Public Affairs, Ooni’s Palace, quotes Ogunwusi as making the call following Saturday night attack on Igangan town in Ibarapa North Local Government Area of Oyo state. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the Palace of the traditional ruler of Igangan, a fuel station, vehicles and some houses were razed by the bandits who invaded the community while no fewer than 11 persons were killed. “There is no better time than now for robust security measures, because the security of lives and properties of Nigerians is the basis upon which government is being constituted,” he said. The traditional ruler condemned the recent midnight attack during which many lives and properties were lost, He described the attack as devilish and provocative, noting that such dastardly act should not be allowed to continue as not to ruin the unity and prosperity of Nigeria. “Such an attack in which victims credibly traced some perpetrators from a particular section of the country is capable of disintegrating this country. “That is why those behind it must be smoked out of their jungles and dealt with accordingly,’ he said. The Ooni added that such an invasion was the height of criminality which must not go without strong consequences for the perpetrators.(NAN) By Dorcas Elusogbon Ile-Ife (Osun) - The Ooni of Ife, Oba Adeyeye Ogunwusi, Ojaja II, has urged government at all levels to encourage farming toward ensuring food security across the country. Ooni made the call on Thursday, while playing host to farmers, traders, artisans among others for the annual yam… In "News" By Dorcas Elusogbon Ile-Ife (Osun) - The Ooni of Ife, Oba Adeyeye Ogunwusi,   has agreed to be   the royal father during  the maiden editiin of the Yoruba Cultural Heritage Festival taking place in Chicago, United States of America in September. The Yoruba Cultural Ambassador, Chief Lekan Alabi, said this during… In "News" OYO - Blood flowed freely in Igangan, one of the seven principal towns of Ibarapa land in Oyo State, on Saturday night as gunmen reportedly dispatched many persons to their early graves in the town. The bandits, according to sources, were about 50 and they invaded the town around 11… In "Metro"