By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –   The Senate on Tuesday received the report of the Joint Committee on Petroleum (Downstream); Petroleum (Upstream) and Gas Resources on the Petroleum Industry Bill, 2021. The report was laid during plenary by Chairman of the Joint Committee, Senator Sabo Mohammed (APC, Jigawa South-West). President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, after the report was laid, told lawmakers that the report would be considered on Thursday this week. He, therefore, mandated the Joint Committee to provide lawmakers with copies of the bill ahead of its consideration to enable them study its content. Lawan said: “Let me use the opportunity to thank our Joint Committee for working so hard, selflessly and patriotically to produce the report on the Petroleum Industry Bill. “This report, a copy each, must be made available to each and every Senator today, this afternoon. “I don’t know how the Committee would arrange it, but every Senator must have a copy today. “[And] we would be considering the report on Thursday. “So, we have today, tomorrow until the beginning of Thursday to look at the report, so that when we consider it, we will be doing so on the basis of what we have been able to read from this very important report.” Indications emerged yesterday that N520 million appropriated by the National Assembly as logistics to aid the Petroleum Industry Bill (PIB) has been diverted to other purposes. It was gathered that the money was approved for the Federal Government to aid lawmakers in providing logistics for hiring consultants and offset other… In "News" By Teddy Nwanunobi Abuja (Sundiata Post) — The Joint Senate Committee on Petroleum (Upstream, Downstream and Gas) has set aside April 25 to lay the final report of the Petroleum Industry Governance Bill (PIGB) before the Senate for consideration and approval, if all things being equal. As a result, a schedule on… In "News" By Naomi Sharang Abuja -  The Senate has began probing crude oil and gas and non-oil export proceeds unrepatriated since the inspection of the Export Act from 1996 to 2019. The upper chamber also mandated its committee on Banking, Insurance and other Financial Institutions to ascertain why relevant government agencies… In "News"