Nigeria’s President Muhammadu Buhari has been accused of failing on his responsibilities to steer Nigeria to greater heights.  The accusation was made by Steve H Hanke, an American applied economist at John Hopkins University, Baltimore.  This comes as corruption continues to dig deep into the country. Recall that the All Progressive Congress’s mantra, while they were running for the office of the Presidency in 2015, was “CHANGE”. President Buhari who was the party’s Presidential candidate then also promised Nigerians that he was stepping in to fight corruption and ensure that corrupt leaders are brought to justice. But there has been public outcry over the high level of corruption since the APC-led administration took over in 2015. This has been complicated by the worsening of insecurity situation in the country. However, Hanke in a tweet via his Twitter account on Thursday revealed that under the “watchful eye of President Buhari who claimed to be fighting corruption, corruption has continued to run rampant in Nigeria. Tagging Buhari a sleepy president, Hanke wrote, “Thanks to the “watchful” eye of Sleepy Buhari, corruption continues to run rampant in #Nigeria. “Just look at Nigeria’s terrible “Control of Corruption” ranking by @WorldBank. “Nigeria is at the bottom of the barrel,” he wrote.    Source The recently published report by Steve Hanke, an economist from John Hopkins University in Baltimore, United state, listed Nigeria, Venezuela, Iran, Brazil, others among the first ten (10) miserable countries in the world. According to the report Venezuela was listed as the most miserable country in the world.  Reacting to… In "News" A cleric has been filmed instructing Coronavirus patients at a hospital in Iran to smell a liquid claiming it will help them while he was seen wearing no mask or gloves. In the viral video, the cleric claimed the liquid is from 'the prophet.' Professor, Steve Hanke, an American economist,… In "Foreign" By Ismaila Chafe Abuja -   The Presidency has debunked former president Goodluck Jonathan’s claim that there is more corruption in the country compared to when he left office. Malam Garba Shehu, the Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, dismissed the claim in a statement in… In "News"