UYO – Renewed cult clashes in Eket, Akwa Ibom, has claimed the lives of three persons. A source in Eket, who pleaded anonymity, told NAN on Wednesday that the incident occurred on June 21 at a popular area called Idung Afianwe in Eket. He said the killing of the trio resulted from a fight between two rival cult groups – Axe Confraternity and Klans over a girl at a popular spot at Afaha Ukwa Street, Eket. The source, who claims to be a member of one of the cult groups said: “the fracas started on Monday, June 21 and we lost a vibrant young man. “We all know the clubhouse at Afaha Uqua, where they sell all sorts of hard and contraband drugs and where those loose girls hang around. “All the cult wars in Eket start from there and it’s high time the government shuts the place to stop all these cult wars in Eket.’’ According to him, one Klans cult member and two Axe cult members have so far been killed in the renewed cult war. When the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) contacted the Police Public Relations Officer in Akwa Ibom, SP Odiko Macdon, he said that the Command had not received any report on the incident. “I have not received any report on the incident. However, we shall investigate and get back to you. “We will get the needed contacts, but I can’t talk now,’’ Macdon said. (NAN) The police in Ebonyi State have arrested a 75-year-old grandmother for allegedly flogging and pouring pepper into the eyes and private parts of her 11-year-old house help. The woman, who gave her name as Mrs Comfort Obi, was arrested by the personnel of the Ekumenyi Police Station in Abakaliki on… In "News" According to a report by Punch Metro, the Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Rev. Fr. Ejike Mbaka, on Tuesday, said he spent an average of $2m monthly on charity. The Catholic priest disclosed this while presenting N18.8m bank draft to the management of the Annunciation Specialist Hospital, Enugu, on… In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Fifty-two-year-old Mr. Folorunso Oluwaseun is a father of five children. He has three girls and two boys.He is an electrician and quite poor. No matter how hard he tried to make ends meet, the ends stubbornly refused to meet. He was, however, hopeful that with the… In "News"