 The Gombe State Government has set up early warning and response systems to communal clashes in some parts of the state.Alhaji Adamu Dishi, the Commisioner for Internal Security and Ethical Orientations disclosed this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Gombe on Wednesday.Dishi said through these early response,a team, put together by the state government would alert decision makers to the potential outbreak, escalation and resurgence of violent conflicts.”The response team will promote an understanding among decision makers of the nature and impacts of violent conflict in the communities particularly the flash points as well as resolve or manage it, to prevent it from escalation.“Early warning response is the best way to manage conflict or avert the reoccurrence of conflict .“ This is because we will be proactive, resolve the parties involved before it escalates and turn to something else,” he said.Dishi said the most recent clash which occurred between Lalaipido and Filiya communities of Shongom, was over land disputed but later escalated into a communal clash.He further called on the public to assist the security operatives with useful information or any security threats in the state.He commended Gov Inuwa Yahaya of Gombe state for his foresight and vision in creating the Ministry for Internal Security and Ethical Orientations which he described as timely, considering the current security challenges in the country. (NAN) United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), helps developing countries attract and use aid effectively. In all our activities, we encourage the protection of human rights, capacity development and the empowerment of women. We are recruiting to fill the vacant position below: Job Title: National Expert - Early Warning and Early Response… In "Education" Gombe - The UN says it will set up ``ICT-based Early Warning Systems’’ in Borno and other states in the North East to ensure rapid response to activities of Boko Haram. Dr Daouda Toure, the UN Resident Co-ordinator, said this in Gombe on Wednesday, at the ongoing screening of Boko… In "News" Fourth installment of the UK All-Party Parliamentary Group report on violence in Nigeria 1. Nigeria is Africa’s most populous country with a population of over 200 million people . It is a major political and economic force in both West Africa and the continent.  The Constitution of the Federal Republic… In "Security"