Bauchi State governor, Bala Mohammed has described late MKO Abiola, a self-acclaimed winner of the June 12, 1993, presidential election, as “the most acceptable democrat” in Nigeria.  Speaking in Gamawa LGA of the state during the distribution of empowerment items to youths and women under the Kaura Economic Empowerment Programme (KEEP), Bala said Abiola empowered several people across board without considering religion, language and origin of those that benefited from the gestures. The Governor said; “Our launching of this empowerment programme today is historic and passionate; we remember today is democracy day and we decided to do it on this day. “This is because Chief Moshood Abiola, who we are celebrating, empowered several people. “He did that across board without considering the religion, language and origin of those that benefited from the gestures. “Abiola will remain in our memory as the most acceptable democrat or politician in Nigeria. “We all voted for him and that is why myself, my deputy and the government decided honour to him this day by coming to Gamawa and Zaki to empower the people.”  Source By Abiodun Lawal   Abeokuta   -    The family of late MKO Abiola and some Civil Society Organisations have called on President Muhammadu Buhari to end poverty in the nation, as that was what Abiola stood for. They made the call at the MKO Abiola’s family house at Oke-Ido, Gbagura in… In "News" By Emmanuel Mogbede   Abuja,  -     The All Progressives Congress (APC) United Kingdom Chapter says declaration of June 12 as Democracy Day by President Muhammadu Buhari is not a campaign strategy ahead of 2019 elections. It, therefore, urged Nigerians discountenance insinuations to that effect, saying that the development… In "News" Many who lost out in the politics of the 1990s would want Nigerians to believe that Gen. Sani Abacha was the greatest evil to have befallen the country. They are wrong. It took an Abacha to expose the average Nigerian politician as a fra­ud, a gangster, a se­lfish moron, and… In "Opinion"