AWKA – A governorship aspirant on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Dr Godwin Maduka, has boasted of how he will easily coast to victory during the party’s forthcoming primary election. He described himself as the only contender qualified to take the state to the next level. Addressing party delegates in his campaign office in Awka, the Anambra South-born billionaire stressed that the only obstacle to his winning the election for PDP was the ticket. He boasted that of all the aspirants, he has all it takes to make everybody happy in the state if voted into power, adding that with his victory, the era of mud houses would be a thing of the past in Anambra State. The governorship aspirant also promised to give the delegates one million naira each to deliver the ticket to him. In his reaction, one of the delegates who spoke on condition of anonymity said: “The man thinks we are fools. Sharing one million naira each to us is good, but he’s not the right person. “Since he thinks he has the money, the delegates will receive it and still do what they want to do. “The only thing bothering us now is the crisis in our party. Everyone saw Ndubuisi Nwobu as the right person to take us to the November 6 election, but see what is going on in PDP.” The party’s primary election at which only super delegates are expected to vote is scheduled for today, Saturday, 26 June 2021. (News Express) Ahead of the party primaries for the November 6 governorship election in Anambra State, stakeholders of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) are drumming support for one of the contestants, Mr Godwin Ezeemo. During a meeting of the stakeholders in Awka at the weekend, they urged the PDP delegates to ensure… In "Politics" Orumba (Anambra ) -   Mrs Bianca Ojukwu, wife of late Dim Chukwuemeka Ojukwu, has solicited support of prospective delegates at the upcoming primaries of the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA) in Anambra. Ojukwu, a senatorial aspirant for Anambra South Senatorial District, made the appeal on Friday during a tour… In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Former Secretary to the Anambra State Government, Mr Oseloka Obaze has emerged winner of the governorship primary election of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Anambra State that took place on Monday. Obaze polled a total of 672 votes to emerge victorious ahead of his… In "Top Stories"