Bauchi Governor Bala Mohammed has dissolved the State Executive Council with immediate effect.  The Governor also sacked Secretary to the State Government (SSG), Alhaji Sabiu Baba and the Chief of Staff (CoS) Government House, Dr. Ladan Salihu. The termination of appointment was contained in a statement by the Special Adviser to the Governor on Media, Mukhtar Gidado. The statement reads in part ” The Governor has approved with immediate effect the dissolution of members of the State Executive Council and other political appointees that include, the Secretary to the State Government (SSG), the Chief of Staff (COS) Government House and all Special advisers. “Advisers on Security, National and State Assembly Liaison, Social Investment and Special Adviser Media and Publicity are retained. “All Commissioners are to handover the affairs of their ministries to their respective permanent secretaries, while the Secretary to the State Government (SSG), the Chief of Staff (COS) Government House and other affected Special Advisers are to handover to the most senior permanent Secretary in the Government House who is equally directed to take inventory of government property.”  Source BAUCHI (Sundiata Post) - Bauchi State Governor, Mohammed Abubakar, on Thursday dissolved the State Executive Council.  He also sacked the Secretary to the State Government, Alhaji Bello Illelah. He only retained  the Special Adviser, Security, Brig-General Ladan Yusuf. The governor appointed Alhaji Mohammed Nadada Umar as the new Secretary to… In "News" Makurdi  -  Gov Samuel Ortom has appointed Dr Bem Meladu as the acting Secretary to the State Government. In a statement on Monday in Makurdi, the Special Adviser to the governor on Media and ICT, Mr Tahav Agerzua, said the appointment was with immediate effect. The statement also indicated that… In "Top Stories" By Mohammed Ahmed Kaigama Bauchi - Gov. Bala Mohammed of Bauchi, has approved the appointment of Alhaji Muhammad Baba as a Secretary to the State Government(SSG) and Dr Abubakar Kari as Chief of Staff (CoS). Dr Ladan Salihu, the Spokesperson to the Governor, made the announcement in a statement issued… In "News"