Borno State Governor, Babagana Zulum has urged residents to be hospitable and show appreciation to President Muhammadu Buhari during his visit on Thursday.  In his address on Wednesday, Zulum said the President will appraise the security situation in the North-East and commission some of the projects executed by the state government. Buhari will also inaugurate the first phase of 10,000 houses he approved and for the resettlement of Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) and refugees. The Federal Government has completed 4,000 out of the 10,000 houses sited in Kaleri, Dalori, and other locations. Admitting Borno still faces security challenges, Zulum stressed that the President has performed well in the state. “Not long ago, President Buhari gave approval for the NNPC to establish a power plant for us. This aims to address our electricity problems in Maiduguri and environs. “President Buhari also approved the take off of a Federal Polytechnic in Monguno. The President is also likely to approve a Federal College of Education for Borno,” he said. Zulum pointed out that until Buhari’s authorization, Borno, since 1976, remained without a Federal Polytechnic, a Federal College of Education. The Governor further thanked the President for directing the Nigeria Customs Service, the North-East Development Commission and the National Emergency Management Agency to always support IDPs with food. Zulum added that Buhari is concerned about the humanitarian situation in Borno and committed to finding peace. “Borno is known for the culture of dignity, respect and honoring guests. I urge us to demonstrate Borno’s creed of hospitality”, he appealed.  Source President Muhammadu Buhari will visit Maiduguri on Thursday, on a one-day official visit to Borno State. The state governor, Prof. Babagana Zulum, stated this in a special broadcast to the people of the state on Wednesday. Zulum said the president would appraise security situation and inaugurate some of the viable… In "News" President Muhammadu Buhari on Thursday met with Gov. Babagana Zulum of Borno at the State House, Abuja. Zulum, who spoke to State House Correspondents after the meeting, said he was in the state House to brief the President on the recent military action against Boko Haram by Chadian soldiers on… In "News" Borno State Governor, Babagana Zulum, on Monday met with President Muhammadu Buhari over the worsening insecurity in the north-east region of the country. “It is my responsibility to tell the President the truth,” the governor said while briefing reporters on Tuesday on the outcome of his meet with President Buhari… In "News"