AKURE – Youths, who took part in the June 12 protest in Akure, the Ondo State capital, have apprehended a commercial bus alongside its passengers after they found guns and other dangerous weapons inside the vehicle. The vehicle, an 18-seater bus with registration number Gombe DKU 807 XA, was nabbed after it was stuck in traffic during a protest at a road block in the state capital. The protest had caused heavy traffic along the busy Akure-Ilesha highway after the youths blocked the road in order to search vehicles plying the route. It was during the search that the weapons were discovered with the passengers. According to one of the protesters, who gave his name as Dapo, the travellers were coming from the Northern part of the country before they were stopped. He also disclosed that after the discovery of the weapons, the passengers were handed over to operatives of the Ondo Amotekun Corps. However, attempts by military personnel to remove the blockade on the Akure-Ibadan highway was resisted by the protesters who insisted on staying on the road. The protesters said they would continue their protest and must search all vehicles plying the route As at press time, the protesters were still on the road even as soldiers ensured free flow of traffic. However, the blockade set up by protesters inside Akure town near Oja Oba was removed by Akure youths.  (New Telegraph) #EndSARS protesters on Monday defied the threat by the Federal Government to deploy security agents in quelling their protests against police brutality across the country.   Protesters, mostly youths as early as 7am trooped out in major cities in Lagos, Ogun, Edo, Abia, Ondo, Ekiti, Oyo and Ebonyi states blocking… In "News" ....Police tear-gas, arrest Lagos, FCT demonstrators....Shops locked, markets, streets deserted over fear of violence...PDP, Reps kick as police defend attacks on pro-democracy protesters ABUJA - The protests held across the country on Saturday to mark Democracy Day were marred by low turnout, police resistance and arrests, especially in Lagos and… In "Top Stories" The gunmen were reported to have swooped on the travellers’ vehicles on Tuesday while navigating through the bad portions of the road. According to residents of the area, the passengers were in two vehicles, an 18-seater bus and the other a 9-seater vehicle with its driver. A video of the… In "News"