R n B singer, Chris Brown is currently under investigation after a woman accused him of physically assaulting her.  According to TMZ, Law enforcement confirms police responded to the singer’s San Fernando Valley home over the weekend, where a woman claimed Chris Brown slapped her.  The woman further claimed the slap made part of her weave come out, and police took a battery report and named Chris as the suspect. Also, the alleged victim had no injuries, aside from the allegedly dislodged weave, and no arrests have been made. This will the second time in as many months police were called to Chris’ house, the first being his massive birthday bash in May, which LAPD broke up early in the AM. In 2018, Chris Brown was arrested after a concert in West Palm Beach, Florida, for an outstanding felony battery charge related to an alleged attack at a Tampa nightclub from 2017. He was accused of sucker-punching the club’s in-house photographer, who was reportedly taking pictures of the singer, even though he’d been warned not to. The photographer, who suffered a split lip, later went to the hospital and pressed charges. While court records confirmed the dropped charges, the Hillsborough State Attorney’s Office did not offer any details as to why the charges were dropped. Chris Brown has faced multiple charges in recent years, including one that stems from an aggravated rape allegation from a French woman in January. Several days after he was arrested in Paris for the charge, he filed a defamation lawsuit against his accuser. He famously pled guilty to assaulting his then-girlfriend Rhianna in 2009. Regarding the new accusation, he nor his team members have said anything to the press. According to TMZ, the battery case will most likely be kicked to the City Attorney, as it would be a misdemeanor charge if anything at all.  Source By Justina Auta Abuja - R&B singer, Chris Brown, has been arrested in Paris following a rape accusation by a 24-year-old woman. French officials said Brown and two others were currently in custody after a woman filed a rape allegation in northwest Paris after meeting her in a nightclub, Fox… In "Entertainment" Los Angeles -  Pop star Chris Brown was arrested on suspicion of assault with a deadly weapon on Tuesday after a daylong standoff at his home. Police said that the standoff began with a 911 call from a woman. Before Brown was taken into custody, he denied any wrongdoing in… In "Foreign" By Afusat Agunbiade-Oladipo     Ilorin    -    An Ilorin Magistrates’ Court on Wednesday, remanded a bricklayer, Bayo Issa, for allegedly beating up one a police woman, Ife Sylvester and inflicting injuries to her eyes. The police charged Issa with four couynts of assault, voluntary causing hurt, mischief and attempt to… In "Metro"