The management of the Federal University, Oye-Ekiti, Ekiti State, on Tuesday, announced the suspension of a lecturer in the Theatre and Media Arts Department, Dr Desen Mbachaga, over alleged sexual harassment.  The Chief Information Officer to the Vice-Chancellor, Mr Foluso Ogunmodede, said Mbachaga, an associate professor, was suspended “on the grounds of a prima facie evidence of sexual harassment established against him by a panel set up by the institution’s Faculty of Arts, which investigated the allegation.” Ogunmodede, in a statement titled, ‘FUOYE suspends lecturer over alleged sexual harassment’, said, “The Vice-Chancellor, Prof Abayomi Fasina, has set up a five-member committee to further probe the allegation with a view to getting to the root of the allegation of sexual harassment against the embattled lecturer.” He said the suspension, which was with immediate effect, would pave the way for the committee to further probe the allegation. Ogunmodede added, “The VC, who has zero tolerance for indiscipline and any form of sexual harassment against students of the institution, has consequently approved the suspension of Dr Mbachaga to allow for proper investigation of the matter. “Besides, the VC has also mandated the Dean, Faculty of Arts, Prof Tajudeen Opoola, to conduct a proper investigation into another allegation of sexual harassment against another lecturer in the same department and submit the report in due time for necessary action.” According to him, the current management of the university will do its best to clean the system of all vices.  Source By Rukayat Adeyemi   Lagos   -    Prof. Oluwatoyin Ogundipe, Vice – Chancellor, University of Lagos (UNILAG), says conclusive investigation into alleged sexual harassment against a lecturer may not be possible if the victim fails to show up. Ogundipe made the clarification in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria… In "News" The authorities of the Ambrose Alli University, Ekpoma, have suspended the chairman of ASUU branch of the university, Dr. Monday Igbafen. Igbafen was suspended over alleged gross misconduct bordering on sexual harassment and threats of sex-for-marks. The suspension order was contained in the University’s News Bulletin, dated 13th February, 2019… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  Obafemi Awolowo University of Wednesday sacked professor Richard Akindele over the sex-for marks scandal with Miss Monica Osagie. Below is Obafemi Awolowo University's statement:   Council Decision on the Audio Conversation Between  Prof Richard Akindele And  Ms Monica Osagie   Around the 7th… In "News"