A Federal High Court in Abuja has set aside all steps taken by Ondo Governor, Attorney General and the House of Assembly in relation to the probe of allegations of official misconduct raised against Ondo Chief Judge, Justice Oluwatoyin Akeredolu in a viral video made by one of her relatives, Olupelumi Fagboyegun.  Fagboyegun had, in the video that was made public on social media, accused Justice Akeredolu of among others, abusing her office and influencing his prolonged detention. In a judgment on Thursday, Justice Inyand Ekwo upheld Justice Akeredolu case, to the effect that the governor, the AG and the House of Assembly lacked the constitutional powers to engage in the probe of the allegations of official misconduct made against the state’s Chief Judge by Fagboyegun in his video. The judgment was in the suit marked: FHC/ABJ/CS/2016/2021 filed by Justice Akeredolu against the Ondo State Governor, the National Judicial Council (NJC), the Attorney General of the Federation (AGF), Ondo AG, the state House of Assembly and the Inspector General of Police (IGP), alleging that the Ondo governor, AG and House of Assembly were plotting to remove her from office. Justice Ekwo held that there is no law that empowers the Ondo AG or the state governor to conduct any investigation in relation to allegations of official misconduct against the State’s Chief Judge and recommend such investigation to the House of Assembly. He further held it is only the NJC that is empowered under the Constitution to probe allegations of official misconduct against any judge. The judge granted among others, an order of perpetual injunction, restraining all the defendants from further taking any steps in relation to the case. Details shortly…  Source A Federal High Court in Abuja on Thursday restrained the Governor of Ondo State, the state House of Assembly, Attorney-General and three others from taking any further steps in relation to the alleged probe of the Chief Judge, Justice Oluwatoyin Akeredolu, over a viral video made by one Olupelumi Fagboyegun.… In "News" The Attorney General of the Federation (AGF) and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami, has faulted a claim by the Chief Judge (CJ) of Ondo State, Justice Oluwatoyin Akeredolu that he was working with Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu and others to remove her from office. Justice Akeredolu made the allegation in a… In "News" Akure - Gov. Oluwarotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State on Saturday hailed the victory of former Deputy Governor of the state, Alhaji Ali Olanusi, at the Court of Appeal in Akure, saying it was great for democracy. The commendation is in a statement in Akure by the Chief Press Secretary (CPS)… In "Top Stories"