Armed men suspected to be Fulani herdsmen have again launched a deadly attack in the Odugbeho community in the Agatu Local Government Area of Benue State, killing over 40 residents, according to Daily Post.  The armed men reportedly invaded the community on Sunday night, killing some residents and injuring scores of others The state’s Police Public Relations Officer, DSP Anene Sewuese Catharine, in a riposte to the newspaper enquiry simply said, “I am (have) yet to receive that report.” However, the Senator representing Benue South Senatorial District, Senator Abah Moro, confirmed the incident in a statement he posted on his official Facebook page. The senator, who condemned the attack on his constituency, lamented the incessant killings in the area, stating that “enough should be enough.” “I’m deeply saddened by the attack on Odugbeho community in Agatu LGA on Sunday, which claimed over 40 lives of my constituents. This is highly condemnable and very unacceptable,” he said.  ABUJA - Against the backdrop of frequent attacks on communities across the country by Fulani herdsmen, President  Muhammadu Buhari Monday night held a meeting with Catholic Archbishop of Abuja, John Cardinal Onaiyekan; Catholic Bishop of Sokoto, Dr. Matthew Hassan Kukah, and 14 other Catholic bishops. The meeting was held under… In "Top Stories" Kidnappers of the students of Greenfield University, Kaduna have threatened to kill the remaining students in their custody, if a ransom of N100m is not paid on or before Tuesday (today). A leader of the bandits, who abducted the students, Sani Jalingo, spoke to the Hausa service of the Voice… In "News" Killing Of 13 Defenseless Benue Christians & Missing Of Others: Nigeria Police Force Likely To  Have Lied Again …Intersociety Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Intersociety has reacted to Monday's killing of thirteen persons, insisting that butchery indisputably and undeniably, has imprint and footstep of the Jihadist Fulani Herdsmen atrocities. This… In "News"