There was a downpour in Abuja, the Federal Capital Territory, on Tuesday morning, leaving several parts of the National Assembly Complex flooded.  The central lobby at the ‘White House’ section of the building, which adjoins the Senate and House of Representatives chambers, was flooded. Other areas affected include the third and last gate to the premises as well as the road linking the Office of the Secretary to the Government of the Federation to the National Assembly were especially flooded. The Senate had resumed plenary on Tuesday, while the House is to resume on June 28, 2021, as the National Assembly returns from a mid-term break. At the lobby, workers of the two private firms engaged for cleaning services at the complex were busy mopping the floor while it rained. Constitution review: Igbo people want sixth state, says UzodinmaAmaechi blames National Assembly for Ibadan-Kano rail project delayWater could be seen dropping from several points on the famous green roof. Some senators watched as the workers struggle to keep the floor dry. At the House, the downpour delayed legislative activities as several committees which had scheduled the meetings and hearings for the morning were forced to delay the events, as several workers and guests were said to have been trapped in their vehicles. For instance, the House Committee on Disabilities, which was to begin an investigative hearing on ‘The Need to Investigate the Alleged Violation of the Discrimination Against Persons with Disabilities (Prohibition) Act by the Federal Airport Authority of Nigeria and Private Airline Operators’ at 11 am had to commence the event at about 12:15 pm. Also, the House Committees on Communications; Justice; Information and Culture; and National Security and Intelligence, which were to hold an investigative hearing on the recent ban placed on Twitter by the Federal Government shifted the event from 10 am to 1 pm.   Source Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The National Assembly bly has cut short its resumption date with some days from its hitherto resumption date, with a new date fixed for Thursday, May 28 to enable the Senators and members of House of Representatives consider the reviewed 2020 budget. The new date as… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko The National Assembly will on Tuesday resume plenary session after about five weeks of break as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. The Senate and the House of Representatives had in March suspended plenary for two weeks in a bid to prevent the spread of coronavirus disease.… In "Top Stories" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - National Assembly members will on Tuesday resume plenary  to consider the 2019 polls budget request pending in the two chambers of the federal parliament.   Already some members of the House of Representatives confirmed this  on Saturday that they had received notifications from the leadership of… In "Top Stories"