Social media giant, Twitter, has pulled down two tweets by Nigeria’s president, Muhammadu Buhari for “violating the Twitter rules”. In one of the “offensive” tweets sighted on his official Twitter handle @Mbuhari, the president had tweeted on Tuesday (yesterday):“Many of those misbehaving today are too young to be aware of the destruction and loss of lives that occurred during the Nigerian Civil War. Those of us in the fields for 30 months, who went through the war, will treat them in the language they understand.” Sundiata Post understands that the tweet was a  veiled reference to the South-East region of Nigeria, which has witnessed attacks on public institutions lately. The South East had declared an independent state of Biafra on 30 May 1967, an action which led to a 30-month civil war, which Buhari referred to in his tweet. In the second tweet, the president said: “In the area of security, we have changed the Service Chiefs and the Inspector- General, and we are demanding that they rise fully to the challenges confronting us. There must be zero tolerance for all those those (sic) bent on destroying our country by promoting crime and insurrection.” Pulling down the president’s tweets this (Wednesday) afternoon, the operators said, “This Tweet violated the Twitter rules”. (News Express) Nigeria's President Muhammadu Buhari has been called out by the Human Rights Writers Association of Nigeria, HURIWA. The group warned President Muhammadu Buhari to stop reminding the Igbo speaking people of Nigeria how he (Buhari) participated in the pogrom that left over three million people dead. HURIWA carpeted Buhari, accusing… In "News" A former Minister of Education, Mrs. Oby Ezekwesili, has scolded Bello El-Rufai, the son of Governor Nasir El-Rufai of Kaduna State, for threatening to rape the mother of someone who disagreed with him on social media. bello The former World Bank Vice-President also asked Bello to apologise for making acerbic… In "Politics" Oby Ezekwesili, former Minister of Education, has scolded Bello el-Rufai, the son of Governor Nasir el-Rufai of Kaduna State, for threatening to rape the mother of someone who disagreed with him on social media. The former World Bank Vice-President also asked Bello to apologize for making acerbic comments laced with… In "News"