Reality TV star, Gifty Power has chosen to celebrate popular musician, Davido on father’s day instead of celebrating the fathers of her kids.  According to her, being a father is not all about birthing kids. Gifty used Davido as an example to teach other dads how to treat their kids. Here’s what she wrote: “A father is not just called a father because him born pikin. No. A father is one who caters and cares for ALL his children, not one, not two, but all his kids, So on this special day, I say a lovely father’s day to DAVIDO. Apart from your faults as a human which is normal, I will na complete man you be You had an intimate relationship going and still made sure your kids were on level 1 always. Tho, some MF will say this is clout chasing, but if y’all have eyes and still have not seen what this particular father has done for his kids, then y’all don’t deserve an eye. You don’t need to pressure yourself in loving your child’s mother, if e no work then e no work, no be by force, but what matters is YOU catering for your kid/kids. Loving and catering to a/your child is like inheriting additional blessings from both the child’s God and the father’s God. All men should follow this example from Davido abeg” Abuja - Nigerian musician, Mr. 2kay has revealed the main reason why his former lover keeps disgracing him on social media.  Mr 2Kay has alleged that his ex-girlfriend Gifty Powers stays relevant by attacking him following their Instagram exchange days ago in which she backed an Instagram user who said… In "Entertainment" A former housemate in the ongoing Big Brother Naija, has reacted to a statement by one Augustine Akumah who claimed to be a cousin to her alleged husband, one David Sorochukwu Akumah. Augustine had alleged that Gifty was married to his cousin, uploading images of the marriage online, and accusing… In "Entertainment" A video snippet has surfaced online which shows iconic singer, Davido, cautioning his second child, Hailey, against twerking. At a party, the little girl wanted to show off her dancing skills to onlookers as she assumed the ‘twerking position’. Her superstar father hurriedly stopped her by taping her lightly on… In "Entertainment"