The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), in its bid to moderate and control the prices of maize in the Nigerian market, has approved the release of 50,000 metric tonnes of maize to Obasanjo Farms and 11 other major producers. The CBN listed other recipients of the grains as Premier Flour Mills, Crown-Olam, Grand Cereals, Animal Care, Amobyn and Hybrid Feeds, Zartech, Wacot, Sayeed Farms, Pandagri Novum and Premium Farms. The maize was released from Strategic Maize Reserve (SMR) under the Anchor Borrowers’ Programme (ABP). The release of maize to the companies, which is the third of such releases, is also intended to check the activities of middlemen aimed at causing hoarding the product and causing artificial scarcity. Confirming the release of the grains, the CBN spokesman, Osita Nwanisobi expressed optimism that the release would crash the price of maize, reduce pressure on the market, and make the product directly available to feed producers, thereby reducing the price of poultry feed in the country. As part of the bank’s financing framework, Nwanisobi said the CBN would continue to facilitate the funding of maize farmers and processors through the Anchor Borrowers’ Programme (ABP) Commodity Association, Private/Prime Anchors, State Governments, Maize Aggregation Scheme (MAS), and the Commercial Agricultural Credit Scheme (CACS). Also speaking on the development, the National President of the Maize Association of Nigeria (MAAN), Bello Abubakar urged middlemen to desist from taking advantage of the supply gap to hike the price of the grains. He also assured that farmers in Nigeria would maintain reasonable pricing of the products. It will be recalled that the CBN, responding to the activities of middlemen in January 2021, released 300,000 metric tonnes of maize, which forced a substantial reduction in the price of maize per metric tonne. Similarly, the Bank, in a renewed move to address the rising cost of food prices in the Nigerian market, collaborated with the Rice Farmers Association of Nigeria (RIFAN) to distribute 27,000 metric tonnes of rice paddies directly to millers nationwide on Thursday, June 24, 2021. The direct allocation from RIFAN warehouses across 16 States of the Federation followed the earlier sale of paddy aggregated as loan repayment under the Anchor Borrowers’ Programme (ABP) to millers from the rice pyramids unveiled in Niger, Kebbi, Gombe and Ekiti States.  Source The reversal of the ban on maize importation would hamper the growth of the maize value chain as well as Nigeria’s economic growth, the Maize Association of Nigeria (MAAN) has said. It noted that the agitation by some associations, including the Poultry Association of Nigeria (PAN), seeking the authorisation of… In "News" AGCO, a worldwide manufacturer and distributor of agricultural equipment, has launched a partnership with Feed the Future Partnering for Innovation (a US Agency for International Development-funded programme) to reduce post-maize harvest losses and improve grain handling in Zambia. The new Bags2Bulk project will see AGCO and it partners, GSI Africa,… In "Business" By Felix Ugboja Nigeria has toppled Egypt as the highest producer of rice in Africa. The country now produces enough rice for her teeming population, thanks to a government policy that placed a restriction on importation of certain goods and products, especially those the country can produce on its own.… In "Features"