U.S. President Joe Biden is actively engaged and extremely sympathetic in the case of teenage motorcyclist Harry Dunn killed in an accident, UK Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, has said.  The leaders of the U.S. and UK discussed the 19-year-old, who was killed when a car crashed into his motorbike outside a military base in Northamptonshire, ahead of the G7 summit of world leaders in Cornwall in 2019.  The death, in August 2019, sparked an international controversy after Anne Sacoolas had diplomatic immunity asserted on her behalf. She has since been charged with causing the death of the teenager by dangerous driving. Mr Johnson was asked if there had been any progress made on the case following his discussion with his American counterpart and said he understood there were “limits” to what Mr Biden could do. “You should really – when you get the chance – put your question to the president because he is actively engaged in the case. “As you know, he has his own personal reasons for feeling very deeply about the issue. And he was extremely sympathetic, but this is not something that either government can control very easily because there are legal processes that are still going on. “But he did express a great deal of sympathy, as indeed this government continues to do for the family of Harry Dunn,” the Prime Minister told newsmen He added both the U.S. executive and legal and judiciary system were “working together.” The Dunn family said they were pleased to see the case raised at the “first available opportunity,” Johnson said. Speaking after the PM raised the matter with President Biden, Dunn family spokesman Radd Seiger told journalist: “Harry’s parents are very pleased to see that the PM has taken the opportunity to raise the case with President Biden at the first available opportunity. “This rightly shows just how important this issue is and we are very grateful to the Prime Minister and his team for doing so. “As all parties know there is no greater force on earth than the love between a mother and child. The family will continue to pursue justice until it is done.” The Dunn family have challenged the diplomatic immunity asserted on Sacoolas’s behalf, which will be heard in the Court of Appeal next year. Dunn’s parents, Charlotte Charles and Tim Dunn, have also brought a civil claim against the suspect and her husband in the U.S. state of Virginia.  (NAN) New York  - Former U.S. Vice President Joe Biden has expressed solidarity with President Donald Trump and his wife, Melania, after they tested positive for COVID-19. “Jill and I send our thoughts to President Trump and First Lady Melania Trump for a swift recovery. “We will continue to pray for… In "Foreign" London - Britain on Friday labelled the U.S. refusal to send a diplomat’s wife back to Britain for trial a “denial of justice” over the death of 19-year-old Briton in a car crash. The British Foreign Secretary, Dominic Raab, said in a statement expressing British Government’s disappointment over the U.S.… In "Foreign" By Harrison Arubu New York -U.S. Democratic Party has officially nominated former Vice President, Mr Joe Biden, as its candidate for the Nov. 3 presidential election. Joe, whose nomination came on the second day of the party’s virtual National Convention on Tuesday night, will face incumbent President Donald Trump in… In "Foreign"