A controversial Islamic cleric, Ahmad Gumi has revealed that security agents secretly work with bandits.  The cleric, who is known to have access to bandits, made the allegation in a chat with Arise TV on Wednesday.  Gumi alleged that “a lot of bad elements” in the country’s security forces are in collusion with the bandits. He called it “a business”, claiming the cooperation is the reason the bandits have been able to access the trove of assorted weapons that they own. He added that an overhaul of the country’s security architecture is a significant step in ending banditry. “These bandits, if you don’t know, are cooperating with a lot of bad elements in our security system. This is a business. So many people are involved, you’ll be so surprised,” the cleric said. “They were caught in Zamfara; they were caught everywhere, how do these big weapons cross our borders? How can these big weapons cross our borders and get into the forest without the cooperation of some bad element of the security operatives assisting them? It’s not possible. If I give you the same amount of guns can you take it to the UK? You can’t, because the security is alert. ”Part of fighting this banditry is to overhaul our security system.” Watch below: •Sheikh Ahmad Gumi Popular Islamic cleric, Sheikh Ahmad Gumi, has disclosed that some bad elements in the Nigerian security system are allegedly colluding with bandits to terrorise the country. The Islamic cleric made this revelation while speaking during an interview session with the Arise TV, monitored by The New Diplomat,… In "Top Stories" A former Assistant Director with the Department of State Services (DSS), Mr. Dennis Amachree, on Monday said security agents know the location of bandits that abducted students and teachers of Government Science College, Kangara in Niger State. Speaking on Channels Television Sunrise Daily Programme on Monday, Amachree said the compound… In "News" Abductors of the 27 students and 15 workers of Government Science College, Kagara, Niger State, have threatened to starve them to death if the ransom they are demanding is not paid on time. One of the abductors stated this in an audio recording made available to one of our correspondents… In "Features"