Prof. Kingsley Moghalu, the 2019 presidential candidate of Young Progressive Party (YPP), says he will run for presidency again in 2023.  He said this in a statement he personally signed on Tuesday.  the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Moghalu, a former deputy governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), announced shortly after the 2019 presidential election that he had resigned from the YPP and had also quit partisan politics. However, he said he changed his mind to join active politics again: “My decision to re-contest the top seat is driven by concern for the youth and to seek a clearer alternative to the status quo that would tackle challenges currently facing the nation.” He said he would not run on the platform of YPP but would decide and join in the next few months, a party of his choice. Moghalu said he would run on a four-point agenda which he code-named ‘SWAG.’ “SWAG means Security for all Nigerians and Nigeria’s territory; War against poverty: skills, jobs for our youths and an innovation economy; Accelerated education and healthcare reform; Good governance: inclusive, transparent, effective and accountable,” he said. He said if elected, he would run a government with a team of highly competent Nigerians from all parts of the country. “Along with strengthened, independent institutions, we will deliver results on a 4 point agenda in four years,” he said. Moghalu tasked the National Assembly to pass necessary electoral reforms into law just as he canvassed for diaspora voting. “Our votes must count and be counted transparently. The amendments should include a provision for Diaspora Nigerians to be able to register and vote in all elections in Nigeria from abroad,” he said. Moghalu asked for support of all compatriots noting that the energy and support of the youth, middle class, entrepreneurs and compatriots in diaspora was needed.  (NAN) Minister of Labour and Employment, Chris Ngige, has advised people of the Southeast to join the two main political parties, All Progressives Congress, APC, or Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, if they must produce Nigeria’s next president in 2023. Ngige made the remark while urging Southeast politicians to re-strategise and make… In "Politics" By Emmanuel Oloniruha/Angela Atabo Abuja -   Prof. Kingsley Moghalu, former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria, has emerged the presidential candidate of the Young Progressive Party (YPP). Moghalu, who was a former UN officer, emerged through delegates election at the party’s first National Convention and Presidential Primaries… In "Politics" The presidential candidate of the Young Progressive Party (YPP), Prof. Kingsley Moghalu has announced his withdrawal from partisan politics. Moghalu, who came 14th position with only 21,886 total votes in the last general election, announced his decision in a chat with Arise News TV in Abuja. The former deputy governor… In "Top Stories"