Ex-Big Brother Naija housemate, Vee has stated what transpired after Tolanibaj threatened to beat her up after the reunion show.  It happened that during the reunion show, Tolanibaj promised to fight her at the hotel. Recall that during a heated argument at a reunion episode, Tolanibaj who assaulted and insulted Vee promised to beat her up after the shoot. Tolanibaj who threw pillow at Vee for narrating how she felt when she wanted to snatch her boyfriend Neo, warned that they must not cross their paths at the hotel. Vee had accused Tolanibaj who allegedly wanted to snatch her boyfriend of being a betrayal. According to her, when she found out she insulted Tolanibaj due to pain and apologized, she later realized that Tolanibaj was serious about Neo. Responding, Tolanibaj had said, “I will teach you that I’m not your mate. We will meet at the hotel. When you see Tolanibaj, you will go another way. I want to smack you on live TV.” But reacting shortly after the episode was aired, Vee said she slept like a baby after the shoot. “I went to the hotel and slept like a baby. Then the next week, I signed a sweet deal.”   Recently evicted BBNaija Lockdown housemate, TolaniBaj has cleared the air about her likeness for Neo who is in a relationship with her "friend" in the house, Vee. During the eviction show, Ebuka, the show host, put Erica on the spot when he asked her what she thinks about Neo and… In "Entertainment" Tolanibaj, an ex-Big Brother Naija Lockdown housemate, has warned Vee to be careful with her love interest in the house, Neo. Tolanibaj, who was evicted last Sunday, stated this in an interview with Chuey Chu. She confirmed that she and Vee knew each other before the reality show, but was… In "Entertainment" Big Brother Naija, BBNaija housemate, Tolanibaj has advised Wathoni not to pursue a relationship with Brighto. Tolanibaj, who revealed that she knows Brighto outside the house, told Wathoni he had confided in her that he was not interested in a relationship. When confronted on the recent love triangle, Brighto told… In "Entertainment"