A 21-year-old University of Lagos undergraduate arrested in connection with the murder of SuperTV boss Michael Usifo Ataga, 49, yesterday said she stabbed him to death following a disagreement over another round of sex.  The suspect, Chidimma Adaora Ojukwu, a 300-level Mass Communications student, was paraded by the Commissioner of Police Hakeem Odumosu at the command headquarters Ikeja, nine days after Atage was murdered in cold blood at an apartment in Lekki, Phase 1, Lagos. Ojukwu, according to Odumosu, was apprehended at her parent’s Yaba residence on Wednesday night following painstaking investigation after Ataga was reported missing by his family only for his body to be discovered in the apartment with multiple stab injuries. “We were having fun, drinking, smoking and taking drugs,” she said, adding that their meeting lasted days. After the indulgences, Ataga reportedly demanded sex, which Ojukwu reluctantly obliged. The following day, the man wanted another round of sex, and she turned him down, she said, but Ataga kept coming at her, even getting violent. They fought, she said, and at a point, “he was choking me while I was on the kitchen cabinet and then I stretched out to the knife and stabbed his neck twice. When I stabbed him I threw the knife on the bed. Then he went for it while I went for it as well. I lay on the bed, that’s when he came on me to hold the knife and I managed to stab him in the stomach.” Police said investigation was ongoing to arrest other accomplices, and that the case will be charged to court as soon as investigation is concluded.   Source •The suspect, Chidinma Ojukwu LAGOS - Men of the Lagos State Police Command have arrested the father Chidinma Ojukwu, who allegedly stabbed the Chief Executive Officer of Super TV, Usifo Ataga, to death. A top police source, who pleaded anonymity because he was not authorised to speak on the matter,… In "Metro" Chidimma Adaora Ojukwu, the suspected killer of SuperTV boss, was last seen in the University of Lagos (UNILAG) before the Covid-19 lockdown, The Nation reports. It was gathered Ojukwu, said to be a 300 level Mass Communications student, neither wrote examination nor set foot on UNILAG since the commencement of… In "News" MEN of the Lagos State Police Command have arrested the father Chidinma Ojukwu, who allegedly stabbed the Chief Executive Officer of Super TV, Usifo Ataga, to death. A top police source, who pleaded anonymity because he was not authorised to speak on the matter, told PUNCH Metro that the suspect… In "News"