By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –   World Igbo Congress said it has been briefed of the abduction and subsequent arraignment of Nnamdi Kanu, calling on the federal government to ensure he is treated in accordance with the rules and international conventions that guarantee that his rights and personal safety are protected. The group which tasked British government to stand up and defend the right of her citizen, urged United States and United Nations to taken notice of the disparity in the treatment of Boko Haram insurgents and Fulani herdsmen who have been designated as terrorists by known international agencies. This was contained in a statement signed by the Public Relations Officer and chairman, Basil Onwukwe and Prof Anthony Ejiofor respectively. The statement reads in full: World Igbo Congress (WIC) has been briefed on the abduction and arraignment of Nnamdi Kanu in Nigeria and that court hearing is scheduled for July 26, 2021. It has also been confirmed to us that Nnamdi Kanu, a British citizen, was abducted in a country other than the United Kingdom to which he travelled on British passport. Consequently, this raises the specter of illegal abduction and international gangsterism that violates the spirit of the process of extradition. World Igbo Congress, therefore, calls on: SIGNED: Basil Onwukwe Public Relations Officer Prof. Anthony Ejiofor Chairman. A group of Igbo professionals under the aegis of Coalition of South East Professionals Network in Nigeria and Diaspora (CSEPNND) has accused ‘desperate’ politicians of sponsoring the leader of the proscribed separatist group, Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Nnamdi Kanu, to scuttle the chances of the zone to produce the… In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Former U.S Attorney General, Bruce Fein has urged the United Nations Security Council, under Chapter VII of the United Nations Charter to designate Nnamdi Kanu as an “internationally protected person” as defined in the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of Crimes Against Internationally Protected Persons,… In "Top Stories" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has raised an alarm over the recent call by former President Olusegun Obasanjo that the leader of IPOB, Nnamdi Kanu, must be stopped at all costs if Nigeria was to avert a war. In a statement issued on Thursday and… In "Top Stories"