Veteran actress, Eucharia Anunobi has opened up on her struggles during childhood despite having a wealthy father.  The actress narrated her experience in a post she shared via her Instagram account on Tuesday while celebrating her recently acquired Ph.D degree.  According to her, her father, even though he was rich, refused to cater for her education because he felt it was useless sending a girl child to school. She, however, noted that regardless of what her situation was, she worked hard to ensure that she engraved her father’s name on the map of the world adding, that God’s grace saw her through. ”I’m still in awe of God. He changes destinies in a twinkling of an eye, he is a rule-breaker and he doesn’t need anyone’s permission to bless another. ”Just look at the girl, whose rich father refused to train after high school, that he had no need for a girl child. That he rather concentrate and train the male children to any level of education that they desire. ”This girl child struggled all by herself and is a model, a former beauty queen, a famous superstar actress, a preacher. Right now, that girl child is a Ph.D. holder in Christian education and Ministerial Arts. ”Today she has engraved her father’s name on the map of the world and still craves it and will keep craving it until the return of Jesus Christ. ‘I’m that girl child and my name is Apostle Dr. Eucharia Akuwa Anunobi. I celebrate God on my behalf,” she wrote. A post shared by Instablog9ja (@instablog9ja) There are so many celebrities in the Nigerian movie industry who are still not married at 40 years and above. While some deliberately choose not to tie the knot, others have tried and failed. Here is our list of eight female celebrities who are unmarried at 40 and above Eniola… In "Entertainment" Veteran Hollywood actress, Eucharistic Anunobi, who is also an evangelist during an interview talked about her personal life and movie roles. Gistvic Reports. Eucharia said with all what she has passed through, she can't be sad because when one grows in God one will know that everything on the face… In "News" Popular Nollywood actress, Eucharia Anunobi who lost her only child to complications associated with sickle cell has spoken once again about her late son. Recall that the popular actress lost her only child, Raymond Raymond Ekwu whom she had with ex-husband, Charles Ekwu in 2002. In an interview with Broadwaytv,… In "Entertainment"