A Nigerian activist, Aisha Yusuf has lambasted the governor of Rivers state, Nyesom Wike.  This comes after Wike threatened to kill members of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB in the state.  The governor had on Tuesday during the commissioning of construction work at the Ahoada Campus of the Rivers State University and the dualization of the Ahoada-Omoku Road in Ahoada Town said the IPOB members allegedly threatening the peace of the state would soon meet their “funeral”. He was alleged to have said, “So, when people say, ‘IPOB, they’re carrying ‘Juju’, I say no problem. What’s happening, are they not dying? Let nobody deceive you with that juju. “If you don’t repent, your funeral has come. You’ll die, your parents will not bury you. We’ll bury you like vultures. Either your hands will be cut off or we’ll blow your head off”. Reacting, the popular female activist described the threat as “absolute nonsense” saying that those around the governor would have booed him while he was making such a comment. Her reaction was contained in a recent tweet on her verified Twitter handle. The tweet reads, “How many have you killed and buried? What absolute nonsense is this? The audacity to threaten people and even brag about killing and burying! “The people were there smiling sheepishly instead of booing him off. The arrogance of these low-grade rulers is irritating”.  Source Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike, has lamented the destruction caused by suspected members of the disbanded Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) under the guise of the #EndSARS protest saying the outlawed group killed six soldiers and four policemen in Rivers.   The governor in a statement signed by his Special… In "News" Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike on Tuesday said two kingpins of the proscribed Indigenous Peoples of Biafra (IPOB) involved in the killings of six soldiers and four policemen in Oyigbo, were arrested by security operatives. The governor insisted that the steps he took including imposition of curfew in Oyigbo Local… In "News" Wike declared a 24-hour curfew in Oyigbo on October 21 following the outbreak of violence spilling from the EndSARS protest which led to the killing of some members of the army and the police.   The governor, who blamed the unrest on members of the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra… In "Politics"