The member of the House of Representatives representing Ikeja Federal Constituency and Chairman of the House Committee on Finance, James Abiodun Faleke, has restated his commitment to the actualisation of the presidential ambition of the National Leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu.  Faleke made this clarification and commitment yesterday while disowning a video posted on the social media abusing and denouncing the APC National Leader. He said: “I’m one of the most active proponents and promoters of the Tinubu 2023 Presidency and I remain loyal and committed to that struggle. I’ve said this publicly several times and I’m saying it once again.” Faleke, the two-time chairman of Ojodu Local Council Development Area, said he was not the sponsor of the protesters captured in the video, adding that as a loyal party man, he had no reason to question the decision of the party on any issue. “I did not sponsor the protesters and I’ll never do so. I am a loyal and committed party man and I have never questioned the decision of the party and I won’t start now,” the prime mover of Tinubu Support Group (TSG), arguably the strongest pro-Tinubu for President group, said. He said his political rivals, some of whom he had defeated several times in elections, produced the video to discredit him.   Source By Yemi Adeleye   Lagos    -    Some members of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ikeja Federal Constituency, Lagos State, on Monday staged a peaceful protest against the re-election of Rep. James Faleke. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Faleke, member representing Ikeja Federal Constituency in the… In "News" Lokoja  - Mr James Faleke, running mate to APC governorship candidate in the Kogi, Prince Abubakar Audu (late), has called on the national leadership of the party to respect the Audu/Faleke ticket. Faleke made the call while addressing supporters and state leadership of the party at the late Audu’s house… In "Politics" The Caretaker Chairman of the All Progressives Congress in Lagos State, Mr Tunde Balogun, has disclosed that the founding fathers of the party had an agreement in 2014 that the South-West geopolitical zone will produce the party’s presidential candidate for the 2023 election. He said it would be “dishonourable” for… In "Politics"