There is no going back on the July 3rd planned rally by Sunday Igboho and his Yoruba nation agitators, it has been revealed.  This comes after a body of Self-Determination Groups, Ilana Omo Oodua (IOO), declared full support for the July 3 Yourba Nation rally. The coalition is chaired by a renowned historian and Second Republic Senator, Professor Banji Akintoye. Ilana Omo Oodua has held peaceful rallies for the actualization of a Yoruba independent state in Ekiti, Oyo, Osun, Ogun and Ondo. A statement on Monday by the General Secretary, George Akinola said the international community have been invited to observe the Lagos rally. The scribe listed the international bodies to include the United Nations (UN), European Union (EU), African Union (AU), Economic Community of West Africa (ECOWAS), United States and United Kingdom. The statement noted that the event “will finally sink the ill-fated amalgamation in the Atlantic Ocean.” Akinola urged all Yorubas to troop out on Saturday and stamp their unequivocal authority on the land. “Come out in your Yoruba Nation regalia: vests, t-shirts and omoluabi whites. Hoist your flags and sing the Ogo Adulawo Yoruba National Anthem with guts. “We are on the last leg to liberation. The rally will be orderly. It was peaceful at Ibadan, well conducted at Abeokuta, super orderly at Osogbo, coordinated at Akure and epochal at Ado-Ekiti. “The Nigeria Police cooperated well with us in all these places. We do not expect it to be different in Lagos. Be a witness to history,” the statement read.  Source Minister of Interior, Rauf Aregbesola has been lambasted over his comments against secessionists in the southwest. The apex body of Yoruba Self-Determination Groups, Ilana Omo Oodua tackled Aregbesola after he made the comment on Saturday while speaking at a function. He called those who are agitating for Yoruba and Biafra… In "Features" •Igboho addressing Yoruba nation rally held at the Nelson Mandela Freedom Park in Osogbo on Saturday Chief Sunday Adeyemo, popularly known as Sunday Igboho, on Saturday, declared that elections would no longer be allowed in Yorubaland until the region became an independent nation. Igboho, who spoke in Yoruba language at… In "Top Stories" One of the leading Yoruba self-determination groups, Ilana Omo Oodua, has alleged that the government was behind the attack on the residence of Emeritus Professor Banji Akintoye’s son. The group also claimed that the gunmen attacked the don’s daughter-in-law at her residence in Agbor, Delta State, last Saturday. The group… In "News"