Following the worsening insecurity in Imo state, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Imo chapter has called for the resignation of Governor Hope Uzodimma.  The state Chairman, Charles Ugwu, at a press conference in Owerri on Thursday, June 3, said that the Governor has failed to protect the lives and properties in Imo state. Ugwu added that the All Progressives Congress-led government lacked the capacity to guarantee the safety and security of lives and properties of the people of the state. “Governor Hope Uzodimma in his capacity and responsibility as the Chief Security Officer of the state has failed to protect the lives and property of Imo State. This has become necessary in view of the evident lack of capacity of the All Progressives Congress in Imo State to guarantee the safety of the people of the state,” he said. The PDP chairman said it is worrisome for a once peaceful state have been faced with insecurity and gruesome killing of citizens. “Our party finds it too worrisome that innocent civilians are mowed down daily, security personnel are wantonly killed, arson, murder, and carnage have become the lot of the hitherto most peaceful state in Nigeria. The climax is the gruesome murder of Hon Ahmed Gulak, the former aide to the then president, Dr. Goodluck Jonathan, and a former member of the PDP. The PDP, Imo State, wishes to use this medium to solemnly extend our heartfelt condolences to all those who have fallen to the senseless and avoidable carnage going on in the state.”Ugwu said Ugwu called for a holistic investigation into the killing of a former presidential aide, Mr. Ahmed Gulak, in the state, on Sunday morning, May 30.  Source Governor Hope Uzodimma on Tuesday dismissed the claim by the National Assembly member representing Imo West Senatorial Zone, Owelle Rochas Okorocha, that he sent thugs to attack him at the Royal Spring Palm Estate in Owerri. Rather, Uzodimma said that Okorocha personally went to the estate owned by Nkechi Okorocha… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) -   All Progressives Congress (APC) Governorship Candidate of Imo State, Sen. Hope Uzodimma has described his arrest story trending online as totally false, accusing Governor Rochas Okorocha of sponsoring the story to damage his image. The Imo senator disclosed this on Monday in a… In "News" Imo Governor Hope Uzodimma has disclosed security agencies have identified those behind the recent disturbances in Imo State. Uzodimma said in few days their names would be unveiled with what they did so that they can face justice. Addressing the congregation at the end of the Church Service at Government… In "News"