Policemen in Imo state have killed the squad commander of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB)/Eastern Security Network (ESN) identified as Joseph Uka Nnachi aka Dragon.  According to TheNation, six others were also killed.  The police claim he was responsible for over 70 per cent of the killings in the Southeast. On April 5, gunmen attacked the command headquarters with explosives, destroying several vehicles and freeing over 600 detainees. Its spokesman, Bala Elkana, said Dragon and his gang were neutralised before they could access the headquarters. “They made effort to access the police headquarters through Works Layout around Avan Nursery and Primary School but were vehemently repelled. “They came in a white Hummer bus. Five of the hoodlums were killed during an exchange of fire and others were injured. The Hummer bus is recovered. “Four Ak47 rifles all belonging to police officers they killed in two police stations, six bombs, 2,000 rounds of AK47 ammunition, seven AK47 magazines and two operational buses, one loaded with explosive were recovered. “The joint teams of the police and Army gallantly fought and neutralised the IPOB/ESN terrorists after several minutes of fierce gun battle along Works Road, near the Police Headquarters. “All the charms the notorious killer Joseph Uka Nnachi aka Dragon, native of Ebonyi State and his group were using which they so much believed in have failed them once more,” said the police. The spokesman told our correspondent that one of the gang members was captured alive and “has made a useful statement”. Governor Hope Uzodimma said the government was doing everything to ensure that peace returned to Imo. He spoke while addressing worshippers at the Government House Chapel, Owerri, after service. “Today (yesterday), the security architecture of government yielded another huge success as the combined efforts of security agencies in the state repelled another attempt on the police headquarters in Owerri. “It was an attempt by the bandits to release some criminals in police custody, particularly most of those that have confessed to having committed the crimes for which they were arrested and detained,” the governor said. Also yesterday, arsonists razed two houses belonging to Imo Commissioner for Information and Strategy, Chief Declan Emelumba. The incident occurred in his hometown Ubulu-Ihejiofor in Oru West Local Government Area at about 1 am. Sources said gunshots were heard as villagers ran into the bush. The assailants were said to have broken down the gate and set the houses ablaze.  Source •No-nonsense Police operatives OWERRI - Five hoodlums operating as “unknown gunmen” on Sunday morning were killed when they attempted to attack the Imo police headquarters. The Imo state Police Public Relations Officer, PPRO, Bala Elkana, stated this in Owerri, as part of the ongoing operation to apprehend the hoodlums who… In "News" The Obowo Divisional Police Headquarters, located at Umulowe autonomous community area of Imo State was on Friday attacked by gunmen. Two policemen who were on duty were killed in the attack. The hoodlums also injured three other cops who resisted them from gaining access into the headquarters. The PUNCH reports… In "News" By Tukur Muntari Kano - The Police Command in Kano State has arrested six suspected armed robbers and car snatchers who have been terrorising Kano residents. The Commissioner of Police, Mr Wakili Muhammad, disclosed this while presenting the suspects newsmen at the command’s Headquarters in Kano on Thursday. Muhammad said… In "Metro"