 Corps Members have been commended for their selfless services in the provision of free medical services to rural dwellers across the country.  The Osu Ajiri of Edege Kingdom, Alhaji Halilu Bala Usman made the commendation today during the monitoring of NYSC Director-General, Brigadier General Shuaibu Ibrahim to the Health Initiative for Rural Dwellers in Mararaba Udege Village in Nasarawa State. He said Corps Members are invaluable assets to National development, and their contributions cannot be underestimated. “We are really grateful to NYSC because we know the importance of NYSC and we have benefitted immensely in the education and health sectors and anyone that knows the importance of NYSC would not think of scrapping the Scheme”, he said. NYSC Director-General, Brigadier General Shuaibu Ibrahim who was at the venue to monitor the programme expressed his satisfaction about the nationwide exercise. “Nigerians are responding nationwide and the Corps Members are contributing their quota to national development”, he added. General Ibrabim during the exercise also administered deworming drugs on some pupils of Mararaba Udege Community. Adenike Adeyemi (Mrs) Director, Press and Public Relations  President Muhammadu Buhari Monday issued a directive to the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) to ensure the enrolment of corps members in the National Health Insurance Scheme. The Director-General of NYSC, Brigadier-General Shuaibu Ibrahim who said this Monday assured that the NYSC has intensified liaison with security agencies for to… In "News" The Director-General, Nigeria Centre for Disease Control, Dr. Chikwe Ihekweazu, has said none of the 37 orientation camps of the National Youth Service Corps would be shut down should one corps member test positive to COVID-19. According to him, prevention, detection and prompt response remained critical factors for the safe… In "Education" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The National Youth Service Corps, NYSC, has released postings for prospective 2020 Batch B Stream II Corp Members. The Director-General of NYSC, Brigadier General Shuaibu Ibrahim who disclosed this on Friday during a sensitisation webinar further urged those concerned to check the NYSC… In "Top Stories"