According to SaharaReporters, the management of the Polytechnic Ibadan on Sunday suspended all activities at the institution over rising insecurity in the state.  A statement by the public relations officer of the institution, Adewole Soladoye which was signed by the registrar, Mrs Modupe Theresa Fawale, said it is “to monitor the security temperature within the institution and its environment.” According to the statement, all public activities including conferences, seminars, and workshops in the institution and its environs have been suspended. The statement reads, “The Authorities of The Polytechnic, Ibadan have suspended all public activities including conferences and seminars and workshops in the Institution and its environment until further notice apart from the ongoing second-semester examinations.” Fawale, who is the Registrar and Secretary to the Council said the decision is part of efforts to monitor the security situation within the Institution and its environment. The statement further disclosed that the decision is also part of efforts to curtail and monitor the continued Covid-19 precautions. “By this, all Deans of Faculties, Directors, Heads of Departments, religious bodies, Students’ Union, students’ Representative Council, all staff and members of the public are to kindly abide by this directive which takes effect from Sunday, 27th of June.” Arguably, there is worsening insecurity in Oyo with killings by suspected Fulani herdsmen, cult wars, and violence involving road transport workers topping the ugly list.  Source By Ibukun Emiola Ibadan - To check the spread of the coronavirus, the management of The Polytechnic, Ibadan, has closed down the institution in line with the directive of the Oyo State Government. The Registrar of the institution, Mrs Modupe Fawale, stated this on Sunday in Ibadan in a release… In "News" By Babatunde Ogunrinde Lagos - Mr Obafemi Omokungbe, Rector, Yaba College of Technology (Yabatech) has urged the Academic Staff Union of Polytechnics (ASUP) to partner and work in harmony with the management of the institution. Omokungbe gave the advice in Lagos during the 2nd International Conference on Science, Technology, Engineering… In "News" By Akeem Abas   Ibadan    -       The Governing Council of Oyo State College of Agriculture and Technology (OYSCATECH) has suspended activities of all staff unions in the institution following their refusal to suspend a three and a half month-old strike. This suspension was announced in a statement issued by the… In "News"