Libya and France have reactivated their joint commission which was suspended in 2002.  This was announced by the Libyan Prime Minister Abdelhamid al-Dbaiba, who is currently in France on a visit.  Speaking in Paris during a joint press conference with French President Emmanuel Macron, Al-Dbaiba welcomed the official resumption of relations under the government and institutions of a unified state in Libya. A statement issued on Tuesday evening by the PM’s information service, quoted Al-Dbaiba as saying: “France has a role to play in strengthening Libya’s sovereign decision in international fora, including the upcoming Berlin II Conference and its outcome.” The conference has been called for 23 June by German Foreign Minister, Haiko Maas, and the UN Secretary General, Antonio Guterres, to follow up on the implementation of the roadmap adopted by the Libyan Political Dialogue Forum, including preparations for the 24 December 2021 elections and the departure of foreign fighters and mercenaries. Mr. al-Dbaiba stressed the important role by France in strengthening political legitimacy in Libya and the importance of continuing this role in supporting the extension of national sovereignty, the expulsion of mercenaries and the unification of the armed forces. The Libyan Prime Minister praised the roles by France and the European Union in supporting Libya in the fight against illegal immigration, terrorism and organised crime. Libya, Italy, Malta and the European Union agreed last week in Tripoli to secure the country’s southern border from where waves of illegal migrants pour in and where all kinds of trafficking flourish. For his part, President Macron affirmed France’s commitment to support Libya and its stability, and to work with international and regional partners to achieve this. He added that France will support the government of national accord in the security aspect and also in the implementation of the ceasefire agreement. President Macron also stressed that he is working with the Libyan government to build a unified army that would guarantee the stability of all regions of the country, welcoming the efforts of the Joint Military Commission in this regard. He indicated that France will support the political process, insisting on the capacity of the government of national unity to fulfil the requirements to organise the elections within the set timeframe. It is a priority for France and the European Union to support the government in securing the land and sea borders, President Macron said. He said that his talks with Mr al-Dbaiba confirmed their common will to restore the sovereignty, stability and unity in Libya. On the health front, President Macron said a number of French doctors will be sent to Libya from Wednesday to help treat dozens of children with cancer.  (PANA/NAN) WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States and four European countries jointly called on Saturday for an end to violence in Libya. The governments of France, Italy, Germany, Britain and the United States said in a statement that they "agree that there is no military solution to the Libyan crisis" and… In "Foreign" Algiers - Algerian Foreign Minister Sabri Boukadoum said on Thursday that Algiers and Rome shared convergent views over the necessity to reach a cease-fire in war-ridden Libya. “Coordination between Algeria and Italy on Libya is very good,’’ Boukadoum told a joint news conference attended by his Italian counterpart Luigi Di… In "Foreign" PARIS  - Libyan rivals will meet on Tuesday in Paris to agree on a political roadmap that aims to resolve disputed issues to pave the way for U.N.-backed elections this year. U.N. Special Representative Ghassan Salame has been leading the latest push to unify and stabilise Libya, seven years after… In "Foreign"