ILORIN – The Department of State Services (DSS) has apprehended eight prime suspects over the murder and rape of Olajide Blessing, a 300-level agricultural science of the University of Ilorin. The deceased was gagged before her attackers raped her to death. She was left with injuries all over her body at her Tanke residence, University road, Ilorin. The incident had sparked protests by many civil society organizations across the country. They had demanded that the perpetrators of the dastardly act be brought to justice. Several DSS sources confirmed the development, adding that the suspects are helping the service with the investigation. But when contacted for comment on their arrest, the spokesperson of DSS, Nnochirionye Afunanya, requested that a text message be sent. He was yet to respond to the message after over seven hours before this report was filed. But the Kwara State Director of Public Prosecution (DPP), Mumini Jimoh (SAN), confirmed that some suspects had been arrested over the issue and will be arraigned before Justice I.A. Yusuf on Wednesday. (Daily Trust) ABUJA - The FCT Command of the Department of State Services (DSS) has arrested four suspected kidnappers over the alleged kidnap and murder of a woman at Gwagwalada area in the territory. Briefing newsmen on the arrest on Tuesday, Mr Ibrahim Halilu, the Assistant Director in charge of Operations at… In "News" ILORIN - A 300-level Agricultural Science Department of the University of Ilorin, Olajide Omowumi Blessing, has been allegedly raped to death. The deceased, who hailed from Oke-Opin in Ekiti local government area of Kwara state, was said to have been raped to death in her Tanke, Ilorin home on Tuesday.… In "Metro" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Human rights lawyer and Senior Advocate of Nigeria, Chief Michael Ozekhome, has reacted to the invasion of a Federal High Court in Abuja Friday to re-arrest Omoyele Sowore, saying that the modus of the Director of State Services (DSS) casts a shadow on… In "Top Stories"