The Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike, has come under heavy criticism over his recent threat to kill members of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), and bury them like vultures.  Many well-meaning Nigerians and activists around the world are not relenting in their efforts to make politicians understand that self-determination is not a crime.  And a Nigeria-based popular human rights organisation, the Human Rights Writers Association of Nigeria (HURIWA), has lampooned Wike, threatening to drag the Rivers Governor before the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands for making such a threat. As Daily Post authoritatively covered, Wike on Tuesday during the commissioning of construction work at the Ahoada Campus of the Rivers State University (RUST), and the dualization of the Ahoada-Omoku Road in Ahoada Town said the IPOB members who refuse to repent immaculately would soon meet their “funeral.” Reacting, the rights writers, in a statement on Thursday, stated that the governor’s “power drunkenness that led him into threatening to carry out extralegal killings of members of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB ) will be challenged before the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands if he carries through his primitive and unconstitutional threat.” Similarly, HURIWA slammed the Nigerian Army for allegedly launching genocidal attacks in the Southeast, stressing that the group is mobilizing all affiliate bodies to specifically write to the world leaders to ask them to call the Nigerian President to order. The group said it was making an observation based on the unambiguous evidence it gathered on the ground from the South East of Nigeria indicating that military and Police operatives have said that the “President and the Commander-in-chief of the Nigerian Armed Forces president Muhammadu Buhari has abrogated chapter four of the constitution of the Federal Republic relying upon nebulous and unconstitutional proddings of some lawyers working for him including his justice minister and the minister of state for labour Mr. Festus Kayamo amongst others. “We have it on record from some of the aoldiers on patrol in the South East of Nigeria that they have been licensed to kill and to flout at will all the fundamental Human Rights provisions contained in the Constitution just so they can restore what they called a quick end to the rising clamor by the indigenous people of Biafra (IPOB) for self-government for the peoples of the South East of Nigeria. “We have monitored the daily use of torture such as psychological, emotional torture by Soldier, Police fully armed and patrolling the streets of South East of Nigeria with many mounting roadblocks during which time commuters and citizens are made to walk past such military checks as if they are newly purchased slaves”, the statement added. “The Nigerian Armed Forces when deployed for either internal or external operations, are bound by the laws of war and international law in the conduct of the operations. The laws regulate and limit the conduct of operations by acting as checks against the arbitrary use of force. They are intended to minimize unnecessary suffering by combatants and non-combatants during the war. “We urge the military authority to call their ground forces in the South East of Nigeria to order because the way these operatives are going about flagrantly violating the Civil Rights of peace loving citizens under the guise of attempting to crush the so-called insurrection of indigenous peoples of Biafra (IPOB) is unlawful, unconstitutional and the violators are not above international Human Rights laws and shall in the fullness of time be prosecuted in the International Criminal Court in the Hague Netherlands for crimes against humanity.” Recall that in a similar development, President Muhammadu Buhari had also threatened a fresh war on the people of the South East region over the activities of IPOB. The President, who claimed to be working in accordance with the nation’s constitution, wondered why the group could resort to destroying government owned facilities in the region. Threatening a second Civil War against Ndigbo, Buhari reminded the secessionist group of the 1967 incident that lasted for three years and claimed the lives of over 30 million people . Meanwhile the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) on Thursday backed their leader, Muhammadu Buhari, insisting that God will judge the President according to the achievements of his administration. The party said it was wrong to judge Buhari by propaganda, vowing to bring those trying to bring the government down to book. A Nigerian activist, Aisha Yusuf has lambasted the governor of Rivers state, Nyesom Wike. This comes after Wike threatened to kill members of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB in the state. The governor had on Tuesday during the commissioning of construction work at the Ahoada Campus of the Rivers… In "Features" ABUJA - Civil rights advocacy group, the Human Rights Writers Association of Nigeria (HURIWA), has petitioned the office of Chief of Army Staff, Lt Gen Tukur Yusuf Buratai, over serious allegations of sexual molestation of girls in Aba, Abia State, and the alleged use of brute force on civilians. The… In "News" PORT HARCOURT - The Rivers State Government has outlawed the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB). Governor Nyesom Wike made the announcement in a state-wide broadcast on Friday in Port Harcourt, following reports of violence in parts of the state. He blamed the proscribed group for the recent attacks on some… In "News"