ABUJA –  TB Joshua, founder of the Synagogue Church of All Nations (SCOAN), is dead He had stroke two months ago and was flown by air ambulance to Turkey for treatment, The church management confirmed his death in a statement issued on Sunday. According to the statement, Joshua, aged 57, died on Saturday. The cause of his death was not stated. “On Saturday 5th June 2021, Prophet TB Joshua spoke during the Emmanuel TV Partners Meeting: ‘Time for everything – time to come here for prayer and time to return home after the service’,” the statement said. “God has taken His servant Prophet TB Joshua home – as it should be by divine will. His last moments on earth were spent in the service of God. This is what he was born for, lived for and died for. “As Prophet TB Joshua says, “The greatest way to use life is to spend it on something that will outlive it.” “Prophet TB Joshua leaves a legacy of service and sacrifice to God’s Kingdom that is living for generations yet unborn. “The Synagogue, Church Of All Nations and Emmanuel TV Family appreciate your love, prayers and concern at this time and request a time of privacy for the family. “Here are Prophet TB Joshua’s last words: ‘Watch and pray’. Joshua has been the subject of several controversies over the years. He claimed to work miracles, including raising the dead and healing the sick. In September 2014, a section of his church located at Ikotun-Egbe area of Lagos state collapsed leaving over a hundred people dead and several others injured. •Late Pastor TB Joshua LAGOS - The Synagogue Church of All Nations (SCOAN) has confirmed death of its founder and General Overseer Prophet TB Joshua. It said Joshua died in Lagos on Saturday after concluding a church programme. His last words, according to the church, were “Watch and pray.” Joshua… In "Top Stories" •Late Prophet TB Joshua  LAGOS - Prophet Temitope Joshua, founder of the Synagogue Church of All Nations (SCOAN) was conducting a church service when he suddenly felt uncomfortable, it has been learnt. The popular prophet, sources said, passed away around 2am today, Sunday, June 6, 2021, hours after he walked… In "Metro" Ondo State Governor, Rotimi Akeredolu has mourned the demise of televangelist and General overseer of The Synagogue, Church of All Nations, TB Joshua. Joshua died in Lagos on Saturday at the age of 57. In a statement issued on Sunday by the Chief Press Secretary to the governor, Mr Olabode… In "News"