Afghanistan’s Kabul province, where the country’s national capital city Kabul was located, and several other provinces were hit by blackout after a power pylon was destroyed by an explosion on Monday night.  This was confirmed on Tuesday by Zenab Mohsini from a regional office of Breshna Sherkat, the national power company. The incident took place at about 9:55 p.m. on Monday in Salang district, Parwan province of north Kabul as reported by the company to reporters via a text message. He added that a technical team had been sent to the area to repair the power pylon and resume power transmission to Kabul and other provinces. In western Herat province, unknown men destroyed an electricity tower in Kohsan district early Tuesday, cutting power imported from Iran to provincial capital Herat city, the largest city in the west of the country. The militancy-plagued Afghanistan has been facing a power shortage as the country has limited hours of power during day and night times. To overcome power scarcity, the government has imported power from neighbouring Iran, Uzbekistan, Turkmenistan, and Tajikistan, but the imported energy was still too little to meet the domestic need. No group has claimed responsibility for the incident. Two dozens of power pylons have been destroyed or damaged by explosions along the power grid in recent months.  (Xinhua/NAN) Kabul - Mirwais Alimi, Chairman of Breshna, the National Electricity provider, said on Wednesday that half of the Afghan capital Kabul was thrown into darkness after Taliban militants blew up a pylon carrying power to the city. He said the Taliban on Tuesday evening blew up an electricity pylon in Dand-e Shahabuddin… In "Foreign" At least seven Afghan soldiers have died and many were injured after a suicide bomber targeted a bus carrying troops in the Afghan capital Kabul. A second bus was hit by a suicide bomber elsewhere in the city, injuring two soldiers and two civilians. The Taliban said they had carried… In "Foreign" Kabul   -      The bodies of three foreigners, kidnapped earlier on Thursday in the Afghan capital Kabul, have been found, the Police said. Kabul Police spokesman, Hashmat Stanakzai, said that initial reports suggest the victims were Macedonian, Indonesian and Indian nationals. The men were kidnapped from the eastern neighbourhood of Kabul… In "Foreign"