ABUJA –  Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, Abdulrasheed Bawa, says corruption does fight back, adding that he has been receiving death threats since he came on board as the chairman of the anti-graft agency. He spoke on Tuesday when he featured in Channels Television’s ‘Sunrise Daily’ programme monitored by The PUNCH. The President Muhammadu Buhari had in November 2016 said, “Corruption is fighting back vigorously”. When asked on Tuesday if indeed corruption is fighting back, Bawa said, “Last week, I was in New York, as all Nigerians are aware of. A very senior citizen received a phone call from somebody that is not even under investigation. What he (the caller) said to him on phone is that; he is going to kill the EFCC chairman, the young man. “He said, ‘I am going to kill him. I am going to kill him’. This is to tell you how bad it is. It is actually real. Corruption can fight back.” When further asked if he meant he has been receiving death threats, the EFCC chairman said, “Yes”. The President had in February 2021 named 40-year-old Bawa as the new EFCC chairman to replace the embattled ex-acting chairman of the anti-graft commission, Ibrahim Magu. (Punch) ....I'm eminently qualified to be EFCC Chairman By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate has screened and confirmed Abdulrasheed Bawa as the substantive Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC). This is also as Bawa has said that he is eminently qualified to occupy the position… In "Top Stories" ‌By Olalekan Adetayo,Eniola Akinkuotu and Sunday Aborisade. The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission on Tuesday absolved its new Chairman, Abdulrasheed Bawa, of allegations of corruption. A few hours after President Muhammadu Buhari appointed him as the EFCC chairman on Tuesday, there were reports of his involvement in corruption. But the… In "News" Abdulrasheed Bawa, the Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), while addressing the issue of corruption has said that he will tender his resignation if he is asked to do anything against his conscience. The 40-year-old EFCC Chairman who said this in an interview on NTA said he… In "Features"