Singapore, will need to adjust with other nations if a proposed regime for taxing multinational enterprises is implemented, Finance Minister, Lawrence Wong, said on Tuesday.  The plans, announced by the Group of 7 (G7) nations last weekend, would set a minimum corporation tax of 15 per cent and force multinationals to pay tax where their sales are made.  “What we know for sure is that the international rules for corporate taxation will change, and all jurisdictions will need to adjust their tax systems and rules,” Wong said. The South-East Asian city-state has one of the world’s highest living standards, based in part on attracting foreign businesses and on its own corporations investing in neighbouring countries. Many multinationals have made Singapore their regional headquarters, drawn in part by relatively low 17 per cent corporate tax. In spite of its small size, Singapore regularly features among the world’s ten biggest foreign direct investment (FDI) destinations, according to data collated by the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD). However, global FDI fell by around 40 per cent in 2020; UNCTAD said in January, due to the coronavirus pandemic and related restrictions on businesses. Wong warned on Monday that the proposed new rules should not inadvertently weaken the incentives for businesses to invest and innovate as otherwise; countries will all be worse off, fighting over our share of a shrinking revenue pie. Singapore will attend the next meeting of the Group of 20 (G20) in July, where the tax proposals will be discussed, Wong said.  (dpa/NAN) Chantilly (France) - Digital currencies like Facebook’s Libra must be held “to the highest regulatory standards” to ensure they are not used to launder money and users are protected, a group of Seven taskforce on Thursday urged. The conclusions came as G7 finance ministers meeting in Chantilly, France, agreed to… In "Foreign" By Stella Dawson WASHINGTON (Reuters) - World leaders have drawn up ambitious goals to end extreme poverty by 2030 and promote development over the next 15 years, but now they have to figure out how to pay the bill. Trillions of dollars would be required to achieve the 17 Sustainable… In "Business" By Nse Anthony-Uko (Sundiata Post) – Nigeria’s Minister of Finance, Mrs. Kemi Adeosun, has advocated that tax malpractices by Multinational Corporations in Nigeria and other developing countries be labelled as ‘foreign corrupt practices’. She made the call at the Platform for Collaboration on Tax (PCT) Conference in New York, which… In "Business"