The anti-terror and constitutional affairs bench of the Ethiopian Federal High Court on Monday sentenced the killer of the East African country’s former army chief to life imprisonment. Ethiopia’s late army chief, Seare Mekonen, was killed by his bodyguard Mesfin Tigabu on June 22, 2019, as part of what Ethiopian authorities described as a coordinated effort to destabilize the government. The Ethiopian government at the time accused Amhara region security chief, Asaminew Tsige, of masterminding an abortive coup to destabilize the country. The failed coup attempt also left several other senior government officials dead, including Amhara region president Ambachew Mekonen and Attorney General of the Amhara region Migbaru Kebede. Tsige, who went into hiding soon after the assassinations, was killed several days later in a “shootout.” The coup attempt also triggered a 10-day internet blackout throughout Ethiopia as the government launched a nationwide crackdown, mainly in the Amhara region and the capital, Addis Ababa.  (Xinhua/NAN)  Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed blamed the attempted coup on a Brigadier General. A failed coup in Ethiopia's northern Amhara regional state government led to four people being killed, including Ethiopia's Army Chief of Staff and the head of an important region, the office of Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed's confirmed Sunday.… In "Foreign" Addis Ababa - Ethiopian police arrested 56 members of Amhara political party following failed attempt to seize power in the province,the party’s Spokesman, Christian Tadele, said. Spokesman for the National Movement of Amhara said the arrests took place in the national capital Addis Ababa. This, he said, had become increasingly… In "Foreign" Former President Dr. Goodluck Jonathan and chairman of the Goodluck Jonathan Foundation has condemned the attempted coup in Ethiopia which claimed the lives of the President of Amhara region and the country's army chief. Reports said a "hit squad" led by Amhara's security chief Asaminew Tsige stormed a meeting in… In "News"