Media personality, actor and a former winner of the television reality show, Big Brother Africa, Uti Nwachukwu, is of the view that reality shows are one of the most credible platforms to speed up one’s dreams, especially in the entertainment industry.  In an interview with Sunday Scoop, Nwachukwu said, “Big Brother Naija is one of the most credible platforms to speed up whatever dreams and aspirations one has. It is also a reflection of a failed system because if there were other opportunities available, I don’t think there would be this massive influx of youths trying to partake in the show. BBNaija is a platform that takes one from nothing to something in just three months. It also depends on if the contestant has an existing plan. Kudos to people that maximise the platform like me. I had a dream and I knew that it was the best and easiest way for me. It is good but sad in the sense that it seems like one of the best ways to actualise one’s dreams in Nigeria. “However, no one should be desperate to a point that one would be willing to do anything to get into the reality show. Desperation has never birthed anything useful. It usually leads to self-destruction. I tell people that the platform is credible. If not, it would have lost its appeal. My advice to people is for them to audition properly. If the slot is for you, you would get it. Based on my experience the show is not a function of connection or nepotism.” Nwachukwu, who is known for his signature dreadlocks, stated that he would only cut it if he was given N30m. He said, “I can’t explain why I love certain things but I realised that I like growing hair. I think the dreadlock culture is spiritual. It will take loads of money for me to cut my dreads. I would not accept anything less than 30million. I love my hair. It is a part of me. I plan to grow old with it. It is not stressful maintaining the hair. I don’t feel that I won’t look good without my dread. That has never been an issue for me. I have always looked good. As a matter of fact, I feel shy when people compliment my looks. At the age of 18, I finally fell in love with myself. I love my hair but it does not define me.”   T Big brother Africa 2010 winner and popular TV host, Uti Nwachukwu has penned down a public apology to BBNaija season 4 housemate, Tacha, over the mean comments he made about her after she was disqualified from the show last year. Tacha, like Erica, was disqualified for multiple infringements of rules… In "Social Media Feeds" A former Big Brother Africa, BBA, star Uti Nwachukwu has reacted to a video footage that went viral yesterday showing Big Brother Naija housemate, T-boss telling a fellow housemate Efe, that she would spend the N25million prize in a week if she wins the reality show. Recall that what is… In "Entertainment" Nigerian TV personality, Uti Nwachukwu has declared that Cee-C is the most successful housemate of 2018 BBNaija.  Cee-C Uti Nwachukwu, former winner of Big Brother Africa, has given his verdict on the “most successful housemate of the 2018 edition of Big Brother Naija” — and it's Cynthia Nwadiora!  The model and… In "Entertainment"