According to The PUNCH, the National Youth Service Corps on Friday said that it is not mobilising corps members for war.  The NYSC Deputy Director (Publications), Emeka Mgbemena, made the clarification in a statement titled, ‘Rebuttal: No corps member is being mobilised for war’, issued on behalf of its Director (Press and Public Relations), Adenike Adeyemi.  The statement read, ‘This is to clarify the misrepresentation of the NYSC Director- General’s recent interview with the media currently trending on the social media. “The Director-General had stated that in line with the National Defence Policy, corps members are like soldiers on reserve, because their education, exposure and sophistication, can make them easily adaptable to military training. “He charged them to remain focused and patriotic; and for the spirit of NYSC to live in all Nigerians. “General Ibrahim never at any point said that corps members are being mobilised to fight war. “The scheme shall continue to safeguard the interest of corps members at all times.”  Source Bayo Sekoni   Ibadan    -       Brig.-Gen. Suleiman Kazaure, Director General, National Youth Service Corps (NYSC), has admonished corps members that would take part in the 2019 general election to display high sense of integrity. Kazuare gave the warning on Saturday while addressing 2018 Batch ‘C’ Stream… In "News" Ibadan - The National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) has appealed to the 2016 Stream 2 Batch A prospective Corps Members to be patient following delay in their mobilization. The NYSC Director of Information in Oyo State, Mr Stephen Bankole made the appeal in an interview with the News Agency of… In "News" By Kadiri Abdulrahman Abuja - National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) has offered to collaborate with Independent CorruptPractices and Other Related Offences Commission (ICPC) to intensify the war against corruption. The NYSC Director-General, Brig.-Gen. Shuaibu Ibrahim, made the offer in Abuja on Friday when he paid courtesy visit to ICPC. Ibrahim… In "News"