Abuja –   The United States Consulate General has said it inaugurated two new centres in Enugu and Benin City, the Edo State capital. The effort, it noted, was aimed at engaging more Nigerian audience. There are 13 American centres in Southern Nigeria. A statement on Monday by the US Consulate Public Affairs Officer, Stephen Ibelli, indicated that the two centres would be hosted by the University of Nigeria, Enugu campus, and the Glass House, Airport Road, Benin City. Ibelli pointed out that workers at the new centres would host specific programmes to promote US higher education and highlight aspects of American culture through movie screenings, book discussion clubs, digital video conferences, speaker events and exhibitions. Ibelli stated that the Enugu and Benin windows on America were representing a partnership between the US Mission, the University of Nigeria and the Igbinedion University. “We are delighted that these two new windows on America will offer even more opportunities to the youth in Enugu, Benin City, and beyond to discover the US as they prepare for their futures. “We hope that this will be a fun and energetic programming space where our two cultures and countries can blend together, and where we will welcome youths and people from underserved communities to learn more about the United States,” Ibelli noted. The Vice-Chancellor, University of Nigeria, Prof. Charles Igwe, commended the US Mission for the partnership. Also, the Vice-Chancellor of the Igbinedion University, Prof. Lawrence Ikechukwu-Ezemonye, expressed optimism that the initiative would encourage cross-cultural collaboration between young Nigerians and their counterparts in the US. Source Enugu -The United States of America Consulate in Nigeria has embarked on a fact-finding mission in the South East region as a measure to strengthen diplomatic ties with Nigeria. The Head, Political and Economic Section of the consulate, Mr Tom Himes, disclosed this on Wednesday in Enugu during a courtesy… In "News" Igbinedion University, Okada AdmissionScreening/Post-UTME application for 2017/2018 academic session has commenced . Application for the 2017 Post-UTME screening of Igbinedion University is now available online for interested candidates. 2017/2018 Igbinedion University Admission Screening / Post-UTME If you Desire to actualize your creative genius, to become a National and Global Leader, to learn in a… In "Education" By Joy Odigie   Benin -   Gov. Godwin Obaseki of Edo says his administration will not tolerate violence in the state as the 2019 general elections draw near. The governor said this when the new Commander, 107 Air Maritime Group, Nigeria Air Force, Wing Commander Fatai Ganiyu, visited him… In "Politics"