President of the Czech Republic, Milos Zeman has stated that transgender people are”disgusting” to him.  Speaking to Prima News on Sunday, during a discussion of a controversial new law in Hungary that bans all educational materials and programs for children that are considered to promote homosexuality, gender reassignment and the concept of sexuality deviating from the one assigned to a person at birth. After the controversial bill was passed, European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen last week denounced the bill as “clearly” discriminatory, saying “it goes against all the values, the fundamental values of the European Union, and this is human dignity, it is equality, and is the human fundamental rights.” The new law has been fiercely criticized by other members of the European Union, but Zeman has defended Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban saying interference in internal affairs of any EU member country is a gross political mistake. “I do not see a reason not to agree with him,” Zeman said. “I can understand gays, lesbians and so on. But do you know who I do not understand at all? These transgender people.” “They are intrinsically disgusting to me.” Zeman’s comments come as several cities around the world celebrated with parades and marches aimed at gaining visibility for the LGBTQ community.  Source PRAGUE (Reuters) - Czechs marked the 25th anniversary of the fall of communism in Prague on Monday by again marching in protest, this time waving red cards rather than jangling their keys to serve notice to unpopular rulers. Over 5,000 people rallied in the capital to raise the soccer-style penalty… In "Foreign" PRAGUE   - Czech President Milos Zeman has called for the Czech Republic to hold a referendum on its membership of the European Union and NATO following Britain's shock vote to leave the EU. Zeman, who said he would back the Czech Republic remaining in both organisations, has no power… In "Foreign" Prague -Czech President Milos Zeman has successfully undergone surgery early after breaking an arm in a fall, his spokesperson said on Wednesday. “President Milos Zeman is resting after the operation,” spokesperson Jiri Ovcacek told Radio Z on Wednesday. The operation at a Prague military hospital was reportedly successful. The 75-year-old… In "Foreign"