Burna Boy has reunited with Hip-hop mogul, Sean Love Combs in the US after taking receipt of his Grammy award.  Diddy is the one who executively produced Burna Boy’s ‘Twice As Tall’ album that won him the ‘Best Global Music Album’ at the 63rd edition of the Grammy Awards. The Afrofusion star, who is currently in the US, paid a visit to his much senior colleague in the music industry, ‘Love’ and for the two, it was an extremely exciting experience seeing each other after a long time as COVID-19 restrictions affected flights during the production of his album in 2020. The two music giants could not hold back their emotions as they were greatly excited to see each other again. In the now viral video, the billionaire music executive producer, P Diddy said: “Today is a glorious day. Today I get reunited with my brother. I know we all back outside and everything but you know there was a time not too long ago, we were all trapped inside the house. And during this time, I gat to make a legendary album, executively produce a legendary album with my brother, Burna Boy. And I haven’t seen him.”  Source American rapper, record producer and record executive has congratulated Nigerian artiste, Burna Boy on his Grammy award-win. Recall the Nigerian superstar at the 63rd Grammy Awards on Sunday, March 14, won his first Grammys with the album 'Twice As Tall' after being nominated in the Best Global Music Album category.… In "Entertainment" Wizkid’S management team have reacted to his win at the Grammys seven days after the awards ceremony held in the United States of America. In an exclusive chat with The Nation, Wizkid’s international manager and African manager reacted to the 30-year-old artist’s win at the 63rd Grammy Awards. Wizkid’s international… In "Entertainment" Rivers State Governor Nyesom Wike has described Grammy Award winning afrobeat artist Burna Boy (Damini Ogulu) as pride of the state. Governor Wike made this assertion when Burna Boy his parents and management team paid him a courtesy call at the Government House, Port Harcourt. The governor said the state… In "News"