The convoy of Kano state governor, Dr Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, was attacked by armed bandits along Shema in Katsina State on their way back to Kano from Zamfara State.  Although Ganduje was not in the convoy, it came under attack by bandits who blocked Zamfara, Katsina and Kano Road, around Shema on Tuesday. Governor Ganduje was in Zamfara State to attend the formal defection of Governor Bello Matawale of Zamfara into the All Progressives Congress (APC). However, after the occasion, he joined Jigawa State Governor, Muhammadu Abubakar Badaru, back to Kano. A source hinted that Governor Ganduje was not happy that his convoy did not fill their tanks for the return journey and he ordered them to proceed while he joined Badaru. However, on their way back to Kano, the convoy came under heavy gun attacks from the bandits, but was repealed by the security in the Kano Government convoy. In the ensuing gun duel, three police officers sustained minor bullet injuries, while the convoy ambulance was riddled with bullets. Another vehicle was said to have lost its tires after being hit by bullets. It however managed to drive to a safer place before they changed their tires.   Source By Ishaq Zaki   Gusau   -       Governor Abdul’aziz Yari of Zamfara State has condemned attack on his convoy by All Progressives Congress (APC) supporters who are loyalists to aggrieved governorship aspirants in the state. Yari, in a statement issued on Sunday in Gusau by Malam Ibrahim Dosara, his Special Adviser… In "News" Zamfara State Governor, Bello Matawalle, says he finds it insulting for the ruling All Progressives Congress to accuse him of sponsoring bandits in his state. The Zamfara State governor, who was elected on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party in 2019, said the state was “a colony of banditry… In "News" ....Two die as protesters attack Osun gov’s convoy ....Anambra gov visits torture centres, frees detainees Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  The #EndSARS protests continued on Saturday as economic activities were paralysed in some places across the country, including Lagos, Abuja, and Enugu. For instance, hundreds of protesters barricaded the Kubwa-Zuba Expressway… In "Top Stories"