…Holds national general meeting in Abuja Abuja – Minister for Niger Delta, Senator Godswill Akpabio was on Saturday suspended as the National Coordinator of Presidential Support Committee (PSC) for his inactivity and poor leadership. The group took the decision during its national general meeting and merit award ceremony held in Abuja. According to a statement jointly signed by the PSC Founder and National Facilitator, Hon. Gideon Sammani and the Organization’s Director of Media, Dr. Kailani Muhammad, the suspension order was carried out to ensure the survival and the revitalization of the PSC. Muhammad who read the statement during the meeting said: “while PSC has supported the All Progressive Party (APC) and the re-election of President, Muhammad Buhari in the 2019 election, regrettably it is gradually drifting due to failed leadership of the National Coordinator. “We are worried that in an attempt to bring back PSC to glory, whose members have committed themselves to the successful reelection of the President in 2019, the National Coordinator, whose appointment as Minister was through the platform, has abandoned the Organization and its members. “But we cannot hold back and watch PSC that was positively established to sink as a result of inactivity. Those who worked for APC and the President must be carried along. “APC Members are very experienced people. They have worked tirelessly to refocus the organization and to enable it achieve its objectives, but the National Coordinator became a cog in the wheel of its progress. PSC leadership and its members are open to democratic ethos of dialogue, compromise and consensus but poor leadership has retarded the Organization from moving forward”. The Muhammad further said: “at the close of last year, a National Conference with the theme: Fairness, Equity and Justice: Panacea for Peace, Unity and Development was mooted but to the chagrin of every member, the National Coordinator had skillfully turned down the idea in the pretext of shifting the time for the conference to January, 2021, which is yet to see the light of the day. “Senator Akpabio as National Coordinator was appointed as Minister for Niger Delta through the PSC platform but the Organization is worst hit by his inactions”. Worried by the fate of PSC, Muhammad said: “No one is in doubt that PSC was and is still interested in the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari. The platform has experienced and dedicated members but the Organization has been stymied from further progress midway into the administration they worked to ensure its emergence. “Even to offer advice, defend government policy and constructively criticize it where necessary has remained a huge challenge, due to failed leadership. “At a time, an Ad-hoc Committee was set up under Ambassador Lawal Munir to rejig the Organization but regrettably the National Coordinator is yet to act on the committee’s submission. Source By Leonard Okachie Umuahia - The Presidential Support Committee (PSC) has suspended three of its members over ultimatum given to Adam Oshiomhole, Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), to lift the suspension on Imo Governor, Rochas Okorocha. Mr Chemberline Adiaso, the South East Zonal Coordinator of PSC, announced this… In "Politics" •Boss Mustapha Prior to April 1, 2021, Nigeria’s coordinating institutional response to the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic was through the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 (PTF on COVID-19). The PTF on COVID-19 was established on 9 March 2020 by President Muhammadu Buhari "to coordinate and oversee Nigeria’s multi-sectoral inter-governmental efforts to… In "column - Friday" By Leonard Okachie   Umuahia -   The Presidential Support Committee (PSC) in South-East has assured President Muhammadu Buhari of victory in the region, in the 2019 presidential election. Mr Chermberline Adiaso, the South-East Zonal Coordinator and Chairman of PSC, gave the assurance on Friday in Umuahia during the formal… In "Politics"