By Emmanuel Oloniruha ABUJA- The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) says it has received 92,845 online applications nationwide within 48 hours of resumption of its Continuous Voter Registration (CVR). The commission in an updated statistics on the online registration stated that as at 7 a.m of Wednesday, 114,577 accounts were created by registrants. It disclosed that of the 92,845 applications received, 63,437 were for new voter pre-registration, while 997 of the applications were requests for uncollected Permanent Voter Cards (PVCs). It noted that at that  about 7 a.m 3,958 applications were received for voter transfer. The commission disclosed that 826 of the applications were for the replacement of lost or damaged PVCs. The statistics also show that 21,745 applications were for voter record review, while 1,882 were for review of information. The online registration started on June 28, while physical registration at INEC local government and state offices would commence on July 19. (NAN) INEC said on Monday in Abuja that it would deploy 5,346 personnel to 2,673 registration centres for Continuous Voter Registration (CVR) resuming nationwide on June 28. Its chairman, Prof. Mahmood Yakubu, made the declaration at the presentation of INEC Voter Enrolment Device (IVED) and online registration portal for the exercise… In "Politics" Owerri -  The INEC Resident Electoral Commissioner in Imo, Prof. Francis Ezeonu, has expressed displeasure at the 435,449 Permanent Voter Cards (PVC) yet to be collected in Imo State. Ezeonu made this known at a meeting of the State Inter Agency Committee on Voter Education and Publicity (SICEP) held in… In "Politics" By Segun Giwa Akure - The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) says it has suspended the Continuous Voters Registration (CVR) ahead of the Oct. 10 governorship election in Ondo State.Mr Rufus Akeju the state Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) Resident Electoral Commissioner disclosed this at a news conference in Akure… In "Politics"