The Israeli Ministry of Health on Friday re-imposed the obligation to wear a face mask indoors amid new COVID-19 outbreak.  Israel’s COVID-19 Project Manager, Nachman Ash, at a media briefing said that the obligation will be re-imposed at the beginning of the coming week. He said that the obligatory wearing of face masks indoor was lifted on June 15, but since then, hundreds of new COVID-19 cases have been detected in the country, many of them school students. “However, because of the alarming rise in morbidity, the ministry decided to impose the rule forward to Friday’s noon. “The obligation does not include a permanent home and children under the age of seven and sports activities. “It does not apply to people who work separately without another person in the room or two who always work together, ” he said He recommended wearing masks in crowded gatherings and advised those not vaccinated or have medical condition to avoid attending gatherings. The number of active COVID-19 cases in Israel currently stands at 872, the highest since May 13, nearly 4.7 times higher than the figure recorded on June 9. (Xinhua/NAN) Following the outbreak of the coronavirus (COVID-19) in Nigeria, some non-pharmaceutical protocols were adopted by the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19 to stop the spread of the virus. Throughout its regular national briefings so far, the PTF on COVID-19 has consistently appealed to Nigerians to obey such protocols which… In "Opinion" Colombo - Over 1,200 people have been placed under a 14-day quarantine in Sri Lanka for failing to wear face masks amid the COVID-19 pandemic which has infected over 2,000 people in the country, the police said on Monday. Deputy Inspector General of Police (DIG) Ajith Rohana said that 1,217… In "Foreign" Herman Cain, the one-time Republican presidential candidate and prominent businessman, has died a month after he was hospitalized with COVID-19. “We knew when he was first hospitalized with COVID-19 that this was going to be a rough fight,” a post on his website said Thursday. “He had trouble breathing and… In "Foreign"