 Gov. Ahmadu Fintiri of Adamawa has approved a minor cabinet reshuffle.  This is contained in a statement by Mr Humwashi Wonosikou, his Press Secretary on Friday in Yola. Wonosikou said six commissioners were affected in the exercise. He said former Commissioner for Youth and Sports Development, Mr Sanusi Jauro, has been moved to Ministry for Special Duties, while Mr Mohammed Umar, former Commissioner for Local Government Affairs, has been redeployed to Ministry of Land and Survey. He said former Commissioner for Special Duties, Mr Alloysious Babadoke, has been moved to Ministry of Youth and Sports Development, while Mr Ibrahim Mijinyawa, has been moved to Ministry of Local Government Affairs as commissioner. He said Mr Umar Daware, former Commissioner for Tertiary and Professional Education, has been moved to Ministry of Agriculture, while Dr Dishi Khobe, was moved from Ministry of Agriculture to Ministry of Tertiary and Professional Education. He said the redeployment was intended to create a new vigour for effective service delivery which, he said, had been the hallmark of the government. “The redeployment and postings take immediate effect. “Fintiri, while wishing them well in their new Ministries, directed them to hand over and move to their new postings without delay,” he said. (NAN) Abakaliki -  Gov. David Umahi of Ebonyi, on Tuesday effected a minor cabinet reshuffle that saw three commissioners in his cabinet swapping positions. Dr Hyginus Nwokwu., Secretary to the State Government (SSG) made this known in a statement in Abakaliki on Tuesday. Nwokwu disclosed that Chief Sabinus Nwankwagu, Former Commissioner… In "Politics" By Abiodun Esan Ilorin - Gov. AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq of Kwara on Friday announced a cabinet reshuffle involving five commissioners who are to move from one ministry to the other. The Chief Press Secretary (CPS) to the Governor, Rafiu Ajakaye, announced this on Friday in a statement in Ilorin. According to… In "News" By Ayinde Olaide Abdulsaheed Bauchi - Bauchi State governor, Bala Mohammed , has effected a minor reshuffle of his cabinet. In a press  statement issued on Wednesday, Mr Mukhtar Gidado, his Senior Special Assistant on Media, said the changes were made after the weekly State Executive Council meeting. He said… In "News"