 A political pressure group, No Alternative To Buhari-Osinbajo 2019 (NATBO 2019), has called on public office holders supporting various secessionists groups in the country to withdraw or resign their appointments. Mr Vincent Uba, National Coordinator of the group, made the call in a statement on Friday in Abuja. “It is baffling that some elected officials, members of the national and state assemblies who swore to an oath to defend and bear true allegiance to the constitution of Nigeria are allegedly supporting secession. “Some of these elected officials are even aligning with the secessionists to write and send destructive letters and petitions to the international bodies. “The question now is, are these people still worthy to be called honourable members of the Nigerian state? Would it not be honourable for them to resign from their positions? “Our take is that they should be made to resign and prevented from contesting future elections. “It is double standard and conflict of interest to be elected and sworn in to office under the Nigerian law and at the same time be canvassing for secession or for another country,” Uba said. “The truth is that these crises across the country are the creation of persons whose satanic agenda is to discredit the current administration at federal level. “They want to achieve this by planting seeds of discord and hatred in the minds of the populace against the government to legitimatise their agitations and curry sentiments from the international community for their secessionist motives.” According to him, the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari, with very meagre financial resources is being blackmailed by dishonest opposition politicians and agents of distablisation clamouring for secession. He regretted the destruction of police stations, killings of officers and men of the Nigerian Police as well as the military and other security agents. The NATBO-2019 coordinator also frowned at the killing of innocent citizens by these groups, as well as the invasion of the Nigerian Correctional Centre in Owerri, Imo, where criminals were set free. “We have reached a critical stage in our country when every well-meaning citizen should rise in condemnation and denouncement of the outrageous agitations for self-determination and fight for the unity of the country. “It is the stage where we should be honest and tell ourselves the truth; this is the time when patriots and lovers of the country should rally round the president to defend the country’s unity and sovereignty. “This is the time for the authorities to come hard against those who commit and peddle lies, fake news and hate speeches. “Freedom of information and free speech is not the same thing as freedom to engage in spreading fake news, hate speeches and the likes,” Uba said. He likened the lies and incitements on various social media platform to genocide as they have been designed to hoodwink Nigerian within and outside the country into believing what never existed. (NAN) The Federal Government on Thursday told critics that President Muhammadu Buhari won’t resign over Saturday’s killing of some farmers in Zabarmari, Borno State, by Boko Haram. Their calls were cheap, irresponsible and amounted to playing politics with security, Information, Culture and Tourism Minister Lai Mohammed said. ‘’Mr President was elected… In "News" Melaye, Ametuo Call On Bello To Resign In "Top Stories" By Chuks Oluigbo If Jimoh Moshood, Force Police Public Relations Officer, were conversant with the bible, he would probably have come across the admonition in Proverbs 21:23: “Those who guard their mouths and their tongues keep themselves from calamity.” If for some reasons he missed that because it is Old… In "Opinion"