The Movement for the Emancipation and the Defence of the Niger Delta (MEND) has reacted angrily to the seventy-two-hour ultimatum given to Delta State Governor, Senator Ifeanyi Okowa, yesterday, June 13, by Fulani Jihadists to withdraw his support of the ban on open grazing of they would attack the state. The threat was contained in a letter pasted at several places in Asaba, the state capital, in response to Okowa’s role in hosting the recent meeting of Southern Governors that announced a ban on open grazing. In a statement circulated on Monday morning entitled “RESPONSE TO THE FULANI THREAT TO OKOWA ON OPEN GRAZING BAN BY THE SOUTHERN GOVERNORS”, MEND warned of dire consequences if the jihadists carry out their threat. “We will respond proportionately ten times whatever you give, the corresponding response will not be limited to the Delta, It may be with your politicians or with your rulers. We will launch three rocket launchers and ballistic missiles at any facility of our choice as a warning in seven  days if you make bold your threats,” MEND said in the statement signed by a man with the alias Dragon War. “We don’t make cheap our threats,” the group warned. “We have shutdown the country and we can at anytime shut you down. We are the Niger Delta, We stand for the interest of the Niger Delta and we will not allow any coward threaten us. We fight without running. “Be warned.” •Delta State Governor, Ifeanyi Okowa  ASABA - Confusion pervaded Asaba, Delta State on Sunday after residents discovered a threat letter giving Governor Ifeanyi Okowa, a 72-hour ultimatum to withdraw his support for the ban on open grazing or risk the state capital being attacked. The letter dated June 13, 2021… In "Top Stories" Abuja - Governor Bello of Kogi state says he has addressed the farmer-herder conflict in the state by integrating the herders into the governance of the state.Unlike his counterparts in the southern part of Nigeria, Governor Yahaya Bello has said Kogi State will not ban open grazing until it has… In "Top Stories" •Southern governors after their recent meeting in Asaba The amalgamation of Southern and Northern Nigeria protectorates in 1914 to form the Nigerian state seems unfinished. Since this union, there has been constant and continuous agitation for a national debate, under different brand names, to discuss the existence and future of… In "Column - Monday"