Comptroller-General of the Nigeria Customs Service, Mr Hameed Ali, on Tuesday, expressed the agency’s readiness to partner with neighbouring countries to combat terrorism and other border challenges.  He added that part of the NCS’ collaborative efforts will include opening sufficient space to train Customs officers from other African countries. Ali disclosed this in Abuja when he hosted the Director-General, Customs Administration of Central African Republic, Mr Fredrick Inamo, and his team. He said, “We have a plan to open the space to absorb officers from overseas to come here and train. We will let you know when the time is right. We will share ideas on insurgency and other criminal issues bordering on border issues. “It’s good to share ideas to assist one another. As brothers, in terms of population and landmass, we are bigger than CAR. We will open our works to you so you can see how we do it. We don’t mind exchanging handshake to bring you to speed as regards the level you want to be with us. We can send our officers to train your people if need be. While expressing his gratitude for the proposed learning opportunity, Inamo stated that previous collaborations between the countries have been effective.  Source By Okon Okon Abuja - Mrs Nnena Akajemeli, the National Coordinator of SERVICOM has condemned a situation whereby Custom officers used one scanning machine at the Murtala Muhammed International Airport Lagos. Akajemeli made the disclosure when she presented SERVICOM report to the Comptroller General of Customs Service, Col. Hameed Ali,… In "News" Cotonou - The Nigeria Customs Service (NCS),has opened collaboration with their counterparts in Republic of Benin to facilitate trade and resolve bottlenecks affecting transhipment of goods into Cotonou. The Comptroller-General of Customs, Retired Col. Hameed Ali, said this on the side line in an interview with the News Agency of… In "News" By Rukayat Moisemhe Lagos - The Nigeria Customs Service on Tuesday said that the government would continue to engage neighbouring countries on the need to comply with the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) protocols on transit trade. Its Comptroller general, retired Col. Hameed Ibrahim Ali, said this at… In "News"