The Vice-Chancellor, University of Lagos, Prof. Oluwatoyin Ogundipe, has said Chidinma Ojukwu, the alleged killer of the Super TV boss, Michael Ataga, is a student of the institution.  Ogundipe said this on Wednesday while addressing journalists on the activities lined up for the 51st (2019) Convocation Ceremony of the institution, adding that the university would not deny her. “From our records which are available to us, Chidinma Adaora Ojukwu is a student of the University of Lagos who was born on December 12, 1999. “From our records, she is from Abia State. From our records, her contact address is 57, Akinwumi Street, Alagomeji, Yaba, Lagos.” “From our records, her next of kin is Mr Onoh Ojukwu. She is a student of this great university whether she is a part-time or full-time student. Her matriculation number is 170912015. “We cannot deny the fact that she is a student of the university,” he said. He also called out her phone number during the press conference. Ogundipe revealed that the management of UNILAG would follow due process to suspend Chidinma, saying the matter had become a national issue which was being handled by the police. “The university is handling the administrative aspect of the issue,” he said. Last week Thursday, Chidinma, a 300-level student in UNILAG’s Department of Mass Communication, confessed to stabbing Ataga to death while being paraded at the state police command headquarters, Ikeja, Lagos.  Source Prof. Oluwatoyin Ogundipe, the Vice-Chancellor of the University of Lagos, UNILAG, has addressed the controversy surrounding undergraduate student, Miss Chidinma Adaora Ojukwu, who allegedly murdered Usifo Ataga, Chief Executive Officer of SuperTV. Ogundipe, addressing the press on Wednesday, said the university is following due process on the alleged murder case… In "News" •Chidinma Ojukwu LAGOS - The University of Lagos (UNILAG), Akoka, has said that it is yet to take any decision against Chidinma Adaora Ojukwu, a 300-level Mass Communication student who, on Thursday, publicly recounted how she stabbed her lover, Super TV CEO, Mr Usifo Ataga, to death some days earlier… In "Top Stories" •The suspect, Chidinma Ojukwu LAGOS - Men of the Lagos State Police Command have arrested the father Chidinma Ojukwu, who allegedly stabbed the Chief Executive Officer of Super TV, Usifo Ataga, to death. A top police source, who pleaded anonymity because he was not authorised to speak on the matter,… In "Metro"