The Imo State Commissioner of Police, Abutu Yaro, has said that his command would arraign arrested members of the Eastern Security Network linked to the Indigenous People of Biafra for murder.  The CP told The PUNCH that the suspects who he said were unleashing violent crimes on the state would not be allowed to go uncharged.  He said that the law was very explicit on the activities of the group, adding that razing public infrastructure and killing of security operatives were an act of terrorism. Yaro disclosed that the legal department of his command would commence the persecution of Stanley Osinachi, who was caught penultimate Sunday when gunmen came to attack the state police command headquarters for the second time and others who were terrorising the state. He said that security operatives had decimated the “terrorists” in three explosive battles in the last six weeks in the state. The CP informed that he had moved his Tactical Units to the hinterlands to combat the hoodlums whom he said had shifted bases to the villages. Yaro said, “The law is very explicit on this. We will charge them for murder. Their activities are terrorism. They were unleashing violent crimes on the state until we decimated them in three explosive battles in the last six weeks. “I have moved my Tactical Units to the hinterlands because they have relocated to the villages because of the defeats they suffered at our hands in the last three explosive battles in the last six weeks.”   Source Police Commissioner in Imo, Abutu Yaro, says operatives of the command have arrested suspected killers of Mr Ahmed Gulak, former aide to ex-President Goodluck Jonathan, in the state on Sunday. The CP confirmed this in a press statement issued to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Saturday and signed… In "News" •Commissioner of Police Imo State, CP Abutu Yaro OWERRI - The Imo State Commissioner of Police, Mr. Abutu Yaro has told hoodlums and bandits in the state to return all police rifles in their possession, adding that the command has resolved to ruthlessly deal with any person caught with such… In "Metro" •Late Dr Ahmed Gulak By Ikechukwu Iweajunwa OWERRI - Police Commissioner in Imo, Abutu Yaro, says operatives of the command have arrested suspected killers of Mr Ahmed Gulak, former aide to ex-President Goodluck Jonathan, in the state on Sunday.The CP confirmed this in a press statement issued to the News… In "Top Stories"