ABUJA –  The Nigerian-American Diaspora Community has held a discussion with the U.S. Department of State on ways to address Nigeria’s security and economic challenges. The discussion, which was coordinated by officials of the Nigerian-American Public Affairs Committee (NAPAC), said the Biden administration was interested in ensuring a stable Nigeria. President of NAPAC, Dr Nelson Aluya, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), in New York, that the department was interested in concerns expressed by Nigerians about creating a stable country back home. “They (U.S. officials) recognised that there are multiple problems in Nigeria and they recognised the potential of the Nigerian-American Diaspora Community in the U.S. in solving those issues. “They are ready to work with us on those key issues; we are concerned and frustrated with ineptitude and lack of leadership in security because of the way people are dying. “They did tell us that they are working with the Nigerian government and they are in direct contact to help out in the context of national integrity and autonomy,’’ he said. Aluya explained that NAPAC was working with other stakeholders to build a strong, united, indissoluble and indivisible Nigerian community in the U.S. “Our goal is to pull Nigerians in the U.S. and across the globe together, into a strong and formidable force, so that together, we can collaborate with other Nigerian associations. “We need to work together and do greater things in Nigeria so that we can elevate the youth to foster dialogue for peace and negotiation, as well as taking active steps to engage the government,’’ he said. Aluya said the essence of the interaction was to bring Nigerians in the U.S. together on a platform to listen to what the U.S. could offer Nigerian–Americans in their quest to provide help and resources. In addition, he said, the meeting also provided an avenue to tell the U.S. officials what Nigerians in the U.S. could offer them and the possible avenues for collaboration. “We can collaborate to do the job of diaspora with the help of the listening ear of the State Department to directly impact on good governance in Nigeria,” he added. Aluya said the group would organise more town hall meetings to interact with the U.S. and Nigerian governments to brainstorm on ensuring a prosperous and peaceful Nigeria. (NAN) New York - The United States has announced an additional 40-million-dollar (N14 billion) aid to Nigeria to address the humanitarian crisis arising from decades of the Boko Haram insurgency. The Secretary of State, Mr Mike Pompeo, who made the announcement in Washington DC on Tuesday, said this was in addition… In "Foreign" Eric Adams, a leading New York City Mayoral candidate, has assured the Nigerian community of a place in his government if elected the mayor in November. Adams gave the assurance in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in New York on the sidelines of a debate convened… In "News" By Prudence Arobani   New York   -     U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo called Nigeria’s President Muhamadu Buhari and reaffirmed the longstanding relationship between the U.S. and Nigeria, U.S. Department of State, said. Spokesperson for the Department, Ms Heather Nauert, said Pompeo, during the call, also underscored… In "Foreign"