Dare-devil armed robbers have attacked Nigeria’s popular musician and renowned flutist, Tee Mac Omatshola Iseli in Lagos.  The incident happened earlier today (Friday) at about 9.30 in the morning. The armed robbers also mercilessly beat up the musician’s personal assistant after taking away the cash he just withdrew from the bank together with his IPhone. The robbers also collected the pin of Tee Mac’s ATM card with which they emptied his bank account making use of POS. Narrating his ordeal to News Express, the former President of the Performing Musicians Employers Association of Nigeria (PMAN) said he was at the hospital, as at press time, for the treatment of his PA who collapsed after the robbery attack. “I had a bad robbery incident just 2 hours ago. 9.30 am. I sent my PA to GT bank to draw money for my household. He was looking for a bicycle while walking. Three guys cornered him, one with a gun. They beat him up, took the cash, stole his IPhone and asked for the ATM card, put the gun on his head and he gave them the pin. My PA took a bike to the nearest police station, with pain and the police did not attend to him. ( a young man with Ras hair). He came back home and collapsed. He is being treated now at my hospital and I am at the useless police station. They (armed robbers) used a POS to empty my Naira account with GTB. Lagos has become dangerous. Let everyone be very vigilant,” Tee Mac narrated. Source: News Express By Ariwidola Idowu Ado Ekiti -  Armed robbers struck again at Ilawe-Ekiti in Ekiti South West Local Government Area of Ekiti, killing a policeman and a bank staff in the attack. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the raid on the bank in the community was coming barely… In "Top Stories" Barely a week into the lockdown order declared in Ogun, Lagos and the Federal Capital Territory, Abuja, on March 29 by the President, Muhammadu Buhari, harsh realities of having to stay away from work had already begun to manifest in the household of Olusegun Ikumawoyi, a resident of Bisi Adedire… In "News" By Emma Arubi - Warri   Dare-Devil gunmen within the week snatched the sum of N2.5m cash meant for workers salary from a business man, Mr. Godfrey Pondi shortly after withdrawing the money from Zenith Bank along the ever busy Ogunu road, Warri, Delta State. Daily Independent learnt that the robbers… In "Metro"