KANO – Over 90 per cent of Kano students, who sat for the qualifying examinations in the state, failed. The exams gave students the chance or otherwise to be sponsored by the state government to write the SSCE exams. The result was released just three days before the deadline for the National Examination Council (NECO) registration. The students are expected to score seven credits, including Mathematics and English to get sponsored by the state government. However, it was gathered that the dateline for NECO registration was too short for the students who failed the examination to get the required money to register for the exams. The registration fees are around N12,000 to N13, 000. A teacher, who spoke on the issue, said only six students passed the exam out of over 300 students in one of the schools. This, according to him, will result in many of them repeating the class or drop out of school. “Cases like these are usually what discourage the students to continue with their studies. Many of those that failed the exam don’t have money to pay for themselves. And instead of them to repeat, they rather abandon the school because they have no certainty in the next year. This is what adds to the number of dropouts we have in this region,” the teacher said. Another teacher said only 60 out of 200 students passed the exam in the school he is working now and that yet not up to 40 out of 140 that failed have paid and registered for the NECO. According to him, the government released the result very late, adding that many parents could not provide the NECO fee within three or four days. A student, Usama Sa’adu, said he had already given up on writing the NECO exam since he did not have the means to pay for it. “My father cannot pay for me honestly and I don’t have the means to pay for myself. So, I don’t know what to do now. All I know is if I didn’t write this exam, I will not go back to school because I don’t know if I will still win next year. “There is no certainty honestly because the person sitting next to me is not always coming to school but he passed the exam. He only comes once or twice a week, while I always attend school. I never missed classes but he passed while I failed,” he complained. (Daily Trust) By Abbas Bamalli Kano -Kano State Government says it has earmarked N489.25 million to sponsor 29,126 candidates of the Senior Secondary Certificate Examinations (SSCE) in the State. The state’s Commissioner for Education, Sanusi Kiru, made this known in a statement signed by Aliyu Yusuf, Public Relations Officer (PRO) of the… In "Education" Results of the National Examinations Council (NECO) 2020 were released on Wednesday. NECO released the internal Senior Secondary School Examination (SSCE) results with a two per cent increase of candidates who made five credits and above in all subjects. Candidates are advised to get the result checking token from NECO… In "News" By Funmilayo Adeyemi Abuja - The National Examinations Council (NECO) has called on the Federal Government to formulate policies aimed at promoting discipline and honesty among teachers, school administrators and students. The acting Registrar of the council, Mr Abubakar Gana, made this known in a brief submitted to the Minister… In "News"