By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Senate has taken steps to give legal backing to the National Emergency Number 112, being implemented by the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) through it’s Emergency Communication Centres (ECC). Recall that the emergency number bill passed second reading on Wednesday, April 21, 2021 and public hearing on the bill recently held was to have extensive discussion towards making the bill more robust to ensure a more effective, uniform and well-coordinated national emergency number 112, when it is finally passed into law. This was disclosed in a statement signed by the Director, Public Affairs, Dr. Ikechukwu Adinde, made available to Sundiata Post. The statement reminded that the Senate Committee on Communications recently organised a one-day public hearing where stakeholders gathered to make valuable contributions and observations on two bills by the Senate Committee on Communications. These bill are the Nigerian Postal Service Act (Repeal and Establishment) Bill, 2021 and the Nationwide Toll-Free Emergency Number (Establishment) Bill, 2021, being sponsored by Senator Ibikunle Amosun of Ogun State. When the bill is finally passed into law, it will be similar to the 999 emergency number in the United Kingdom and 911 in the United States. Speaking at the public hearing, Senate President, Dr. Ahmed Lawan, stressed the desirability of the passing of such a bill into an Act of national Assembly, adding that the critical role of communication in modern day, especially in handling emergency situations cannot be over-emphasized. Similarly, the Chairman of the Senate Committee, Oluremi Tinubu, said the bill, when passed, will establish the Nationwide Toll-Free Number as a primary emergency number and contact point for all emergency services in Nigeria, thereby harmonizing the various emergency numbers in the country into one uniform number while, at the same time, empowering the NCC to supervise and ensure compliance. Represented by his colleague, Senator Odebiyi Akinremi, Senator Amosun said the bill seeks to make 112 the Emergency Number of Nigeria, stating that “this will enable citizens have access to quick and timely response in respect of all forms of emergency situations such as road accidents, fire outbreaks, burglary , medical emergencies and so on’’. Also speaking, the Minister of Communications and Digital economy, Dr. Isa Ali Ibrahim Pantami, commended the Senate for organizing the public hearing. The Minister said while NCC had established functional ECCs across 23 states and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), Abuja, efforts are in top gear to ensure ECC is established in the remaining 13 states of the Federation for the processing of the emergency calls through the 112 Number. At the public hearing, the Executive Vice Chairman of NCC, Prof. Umar Garba Danbatta, made a number of valuable recommendations that will make the bill, which he said might be cited as the ‘National Emergency Communication Act, 2021’ when passed into law, more effectual in terms of board composition, scope as well as ability to accommodate emergency services by different statutory and regulatory agencies. …As Senate mulls 112 as toll free number to report accidents, kidnappings, others    By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, on Monday said that the National Toll-Free Emergency Bill presently before the National Assembly would establish a channel and put in place a structure to guarantee… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  PRESIDENT of the Senate, Dr. Bukola Saraki, has reiterated the Senate’s commitment to fast-tracking the passage of the Nigerian Police Reform Bill. In a statement signed by his Special Assistant on New Media, Olu Onemola, Saraki emphasised that given the security challenges that… In "Top Stories" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The passage of the Frivolous Petition Bill (Anti-Social Media Bill) met a brick wall on Monday when both the Federal Ministry of Justice and Nigerian Law Reform Commission (NLRC) vehemently argued against its passage at a one-day public hearing organised by the Senate. Speaking on the issue… In "Top Stories"