AWKA – Prof Chukwuma Soludo, former governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), has won the Anambra governorship primary election of the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA). The total number of accredited delegates who participated was 795 while 792 votes were cast. Soludo secured 740 votes to defeat other challengers. He will represent the party in the governorship election scheduled to hold on November 6. The primary election took place on Wednesday in Awka, Anambra state capital. Willie Obiano, Anambra state governor, and other stakeholders of the party were present at the event. The former CBN governor had in February announced his intention to run for the governorship of Anambra state. While throwing his hat in the ring, Soludo had promised to use his international network to transform the state. He also praised the administration of Willie Obiano, incumbent governor of Anambra, describing him as one of the best in the country. “Anambra is doing well under Obiano and my mission is to continue and complete all the legacy projects of the governor,” he had said. Weeks after declaring his interest in the governorship election, Soludo was attacked by gunmen at an interactive town hall meeting in Isuofia, Aguata LGA of Anambra state. Three police officers providing security for him were killed in the attack, while Emeka Ezenwanne, the Anambra commissioner for public utilities, was abducted. A chieftain of the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA), Chief Jude Emecheta, has said Prof. Chukwuma Soludo is the most qualified candidate to succeed Governor Willie Obiano after the November 6 governorship election in Anambra State. Emecheta, who is chairman of Anambra Demands Soludo (ADS), a political group, made the… In "Politics" A former Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria, Prof. Chukwuma Soludo, on Monday, said he supported the re-election bid of Governor Willie Obiano because he had yet to see a credible person to replace the incumbent. Soludo said this during the inauguration of Obiano’s re-election campaign at the Dr.… In "News" •Prof. Chukwuma Soludo LAGOS (Sundiata Post) - The Igbo Progressive Union (IPU) has condemned the attack on Professor Chukwuma Soludo, a former Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) and currently an APGA governorship aspirant in the 6 November 2021 election in Anambra State. In a statement signed by… In "Politics"