ABUJA – Telecommunication operators in Nigeria have blocked access to Twitter after the government slammed an indefinite ban on the social media platform on Friday. The telcos, under the aegis of the Association of LicensedTelecoms Operators of Nigeria (ALTON) said there has been a directive from the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) to block Nigerians from accessing the platform. A statement jointly signed by ALTON Chairman and Executive Secretary, Gbenga Adebayo and Gbolahan Awonuga confirmed this.Checks by The Guardian confirmed that access to the Twitter platform has been blocked. “We, the Association of Licensed Telecommunication Operators of Nigeria (ALTON) wish to confirm that our members have received formal instructions from the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC), the industry regulator to suspend access to Twitter,” ALTON said in the statement. “ALTON has conducted a robust assessment of the request in accordance with internationally accepted principles. Lagos - The Association of Licensed Telecommunications Operators of Nigeria (ALTON) has called on the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) to find a lasting solution to the issue of unsolicited Short Messaging Service (SMS). The Chairman of ALTON, Mr Gbenga Adebayo, gave the advice in a statement obtained by the News… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Association of Licensed Telecommunications Operators of Nigeria (ALTON) has endorsed this year’s Nigeria DigitalSENSE Africa Forum on Internet Governance for Development (IG4D), slated for Thursday, June 10, at the Golden Tulip Hotels Essential, International Airport Road, Lagos. This is coming as the Internet… In "News" ABUJA - Following the footsteps of the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) the Association of Licensed Telecommunications Operators of Nigeria (ALTON) has said that there is no iota of truth that 5G Technology is the cause of the Coronavirus pandemic. Noting that the virus is also spreading in places without 5G… In "News"