By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Senate on Wednesday passed a bill that prohibits employers in the country from discriminating between first degree and Higher National Diploma (HND) holders. The passage of the bill followed the consideration of a report by the Joint Committee on Establishment and Public Service Matters; and Tertiary Institutions and TETFUND. Chairman of the Joint Committee, Ibrahim Shekarau (APC, Kano Central), said, “the enactment of the bill to abolish and prohibit discrimination between First Degrees and Higher National Diploma for the purpose of employment in Nigeria  will no doubt free holders of HND from stagnation and ensure balanced treatment with their counterparts from other higher tertiary institutions in Nigeria.” He added that the abolishment of the existing dichotomy between HND holders and graduates of Universities would meet the huge manpower needs of Nigerians, ensure social justice and enhanced corporate governance, as well encourage patriotic contributions amongst HND employees in both public and private sectors. The Senate President, Ahmad Lawan, in his remarks after the bill was passed, emphasised that the passage of the bill would serve as motivation for polytechnic graduates. He, therefore, called on the public and private sectors to ensure the implementation of the bill’s provisions as soon as it is signed into law by President Muhammadu Buhari. Lawan said: “This particular issue has been in the front burner for a long time. I recall that in the House of Representatives between 2003 and 2007, this was one bill that was so important, and is one way of encouraging our Polytechnic graduates. “That should not take away from the kind of training they receive, but, in fact, it is supposed to be a motivation for our polytechnic graduates. “[And] I pray that the Federal Government and all those government agencies and the private sector would start to implement this by the time the President assents to this bill.” By Lilian Okoro   Lagos     -       Architecture graduates of polytechnics under the auspices of the National Association of Architect Students (NAAS) on Friday staged a protest demanding for equal recognition with their university counterparts to register to practise as architects. The peaceful protest took place at the ongoing 2018 Annual… In "News" ABUJA - The Federal Government on Tuesday in Abuja inaugurated a Technical Review Committee on Contents and Curriculum of Higher National Diploma (HND). The Supervising Minister of Education, Chief Nyesom Wike, said the inauguration was part of government’s efforts to meet the demands of the Academic Staff Union of Polytechnics… In "News" The Federal Government has abolished the dichotomy between holders of Barchelor’s Degree and those with Higher National Diploma, HND, in all the Services under the Ministry of Interior. The agencies affected are the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps, Nigeria Immigration Service, Nigeria Prisons Service and Federal Fire Service. Before… In "Top Stories"