Director-General of the Nigeria Inland Waterways Authority, Dr. George Moghalu, has advised the All Progressives Congress to put forward an acceptable consensus candidate as its standard-bearer in the forthcoming Anambra State governorship election in order to win.  Moghalu, who is also vying for the party’s sole ticket for the election said this while fielding questions from newsmen in Abuja, on Saturday. He stressed that as a firm believer in the maxim that power belongs to God who gives it to whomsoever He wills in his own time, he was presenting himself to be used in rescuing the state from further decay. Moghalu said, “As I said earlier when I was talking to the National Secretary, winning the Anambra State governorship election will require the consensus of the political elites across party lines. “So, for the party to win the election, we have to generate this consensus and we have to do that only with a candidate that is generally acceptable. “The election of November 6 will not be a tea party. It’s going to be a strong contest. Every party will come to the election with their best and with the desire to win. So, I have offered myself to my people of Anambra State. “I’m coming to the business with experience, with knowledge, with capacity, with integrity, with courage and determination to win the election. So, I want to once again say thank you to all of you who accepted to be with me at this time.” While responding to a question about what became of earlier moves by party stakeholders to arrive at a consensus candidate, Moghalu said, “To be honest with you, I will wish there is consensus and that consensus will be me. “But the truth about it is that I know a good number have collected forms and I know a good number have returned their forms but that is not to say that there is still no room for discussions.”  Source By Emmanuel Mogbede Abuja -   Dr George Moghalu, All Progressives Congress (APC) National Auditor and Anambra governorship aspirant, says the state has the potential to be the best in the country if well managed. He made this known in Abuja on Tuesday while speaking with newsmen on his desire… In "Politics" The Managing Director, National Inland Waterways Authority (NIWA) and All Progressives Congress (APC) governorship aspirant in Anambra State, Chief George Moghalu, has appealed to members to insist on a credible aspirant capable of wresting power from the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA) in the November 6 election. He said the… In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  FORMER Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria, CBN, and Presidential aspirant of the Young Progressives Party, YPP, Kingsley Moghalu, has rejected the emergence of Fela Durotoye of the Alliance for a New Nigeria (ANN), as the consensus presidential candidate of the… In "News"