Imo Political Leaders’ Forum, a political pressure, group has lauded Gov. Hope Uzodinma’s courage in the face of daunting security challenges facing the state. The group’s Chairman, Mr Jude Ucheghara said this in a statement in Owerri. Ucheghara, a cleric, said the governor’s tactics in facing the situation head-on was an indication of his extraordinary courage, a quality which he said was necessary for a successful leadership.“We hail the courage of the governor in activating every necessary security architecture so as to arrest the ugly situation.” No serious government will stand by and watch the lives of its citizens destroyed and we salute the governor’s courage,” he said.He further described as callous and unwarranted, the rising spate of attacks on men and facilities of security agencies in the country especially in the southeast.According to him, most of the security personnel who have been killed are of the southeast.“This is senseless and worrisome.“The unconscionable loss of men and officers of our security agencies at the hands of hoodlums is gross insensitivity to humanity.“As despicable as it is, in the past few months, the violent and criminal activities of unknown gunmen in the southeast have taken a great toll on the lives of security personnel.“It is worrisome, unfair and senseless to recklessly kill security personnel who are guarding our lives and property,” he said.He, however, appealed to the general public to encourage and support the security agencies in order to boost their morale and enable them restore peace and security in the state and Nigeria at large.  NAN By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - Gov. Kashim Shettima of Borno says he will be going back to Gamboru Ngala in a non-bullet vehicle next week despite the recent attack on his convoy by members of Boko Haram’s Islamic State West Africa Province (ISWAP) faction. Shettima said this when he fielded… In "Politics" Kaduna - Prof. Daniel Saror, former Vice Chancellor of Ahmadu Bello University, on Sunday advised the Federal Government to come up with concrete plans to address the threat posed by some herdsmen to national security. Saror, a former senator, made the appeal while reacting to President Muhammadu Buhari's Democracy Day… In "News" By Naomi Sharang Abuja  -   The Senate on Wednesday urged Nigerians to desist from actions and utterances capable of jeopardising the corporate existence of the country. The upper chamber also charged its members to intensify their representative role by embarking on sensitisation in their constituencies to highlight harmonious and… In "News"