By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –   The Catholic Archbishop of Abuja Diocese, Ignatius Kaigama, has bemoaned the job recruitment process in Nigeria which he said is devoid of  competence and merit considerations. According to Kaigama chances of getting a meaningful job was being determined in many cases by ethnicity and religion. The cleric who stated these in his homily delivered at St. Kizito’s Parish in Kuje, said people always remember God whenever they were gripped by the phobia of snakes, kidnappers, bandits, plane crash, evil spirits, witches and wizards. Kaigama said, “In a society where there is little room for merit and competence, where one’s chance of getting a meaningful job is determined in many cases by where you come from or which faith you belong to, these fears are justified. “Thousands may go through the rigors of interviews, while others on account of their tribe, religion or political association, get selected even without an interview! “A young Nigerian girl was very happy because she sat and passed various exams to start work in Britain. She did not have to rely on anyone of influence, but her intelligence. “I hope we shall get to a day when jobs, promotions, admissions or recruitments will be available purely on merit and not because a Senator or Minister or Governor is one’s godfather or godmother. “We pray for our confirmandi today, to be solid and shinning witnesses with unshakable trust in God, because they are receiving the Spirit of liberation, not the spirit of fear. “For us in Nigeria and Africa at large, the spiritual, social, political and economic storms that we face today are many. Our boats may be sinking, but we must hold onto Jesus even when He appears to be sleeping or quiet about our petition or situation. We must cry out like the disciples of Jesus, “We are perishing”. “Sometimes we ask why those we think we are more intelligent or more efficient than at work seem to do better or get promoted and we are not. Just continue like Job to remain righteous, strong in faith and good in conduct. “Leave the rest to God. Do not feel that God is absent from your situation or is deaf to your prayers. In Isaiah 49:15 we read that even if a woman forgets the child of her womb, “I will not forget you,” says the Lord. “When you feel enslaved by fear especially of evil spirits, witches and wizards know that you are “Christopher”, a bearer of Christ. Behave like the man arrested by a desperate bribe-seeking police man and told he had committed an offence by driving alone in his car! The man said he was not alone. That he is carrying God the Father, God the Son and God the Holy Spirit. The policeman responded, “Aha, you have overloaded yourcar”. “We fear many things ranging from snakes, kidnappers, bandits to people of our village “sending powers” after us in the city. Some ladies and young men fear not getting married. Many fear remaining jobless after university (I think of the five graduates in one family with no employment).”  ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - A group of Christians under the aegis of Patriotic Christian Youths of Nigeria, has warned that the continuous closeness of the President of Catholic Bishops Conference of Nigeria and the Archbishop of Jos, Ignatius Kaigama to President  Muhammadu Buhari, has been sending a wrong signal about Christianity in Nigeria. The… In "Top Stories" Jalingo - Mr Julius Kaigama, a Commissioner in the Federal Character Commission, on Tuesday alleged that Taraba was poorly represented in the Federal Civil Service. Kaigama made the allegation in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Jalingo. According to him, the state has only 30 per… In "News" Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari has restated his administration's resolve to deal decisively and expeditiously with reported cases of continued attacks on communities across the country by armed herdsmen. The president was speaking on Monday night at a meeting with members of the Catholic Bishops Conference of Nigeria (CBCN) held… In "Top Stories"