….Denies releasing  money for maintenance of National Assembly By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  The Senate has reacted to reports making rounds in the media of National Assembly National Assembly and its leadership is not responsible for the maintenance and renovation of the National Assembly Complex and they has not received a sum of 37 billion naira or any amount for the renovation of the Complex. Contrary to the widespread falsehood being peddled both in the mainstream and online media as a fall out of the reported incident of the leaking roof of the National Assembly Complex after a heavy downpour on Tuesday, 21 June 2021, it is pertinent to inform the General Public that the National Assembly and its leadership is not responsible for the maintenance and renovation of the National Assembly Complex and they has not received a sum of 37 billion naira or any amount for the renovation of the Complex. While it is true that an initial appropriation of the above stated sum was made due to the decaying nature of the National Assembly Complex which has not witnessed any major maintenance or overhauling since construction, the said amount was reduced to 9 billion naira after the breakout of COVID-19 pandemic. Even with this reduction, the sum of 9 billion or any amount is yet to be cash backed or released to the National Assembly. None of this amount is even appropriated for the National Assembly bureaucracy or its leadership. It must be reiterated that the National Assembly Complex is a National Monument which falls under the purview of control of the Federal Capital Development Agency. In essence, the FCDA is responsible for its maintenance as well as renovation and not the Leadership of the National Assembly as being falsely bandied about. The leakage witnessed at the foyer of the National Assembly yesterday justifies the apprehension of the leadership of the National Assembly and the FCDA and   further underscores the need for an urgent intervention in revamping the dilapidated structures within the complex before it falls into further dilapidation with the attendant huge cost of possible replacement. SignedSenator Surajudeen Ajibola Basiru Ph.D.Senate Spokesperson Dated this 23rd day of June, 2021 By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate has protested a media report by Channels Television alleging that its leadership approved the sum of N37 billion naira for the renovation of the National Assembly. Leading the protest, the Deputy Whip, Senator Aliyu Sabi Abdullahi, while relying on order 14… In "Top Stories" ABUJA - Civil society groups namely the Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP), BudgIT, Enough is Enough (EiE) and 583 concerned Nigerians have filed a lawsuit asking the Federal High Court, Abuja, to “restrain and stop President Muhammadu Buhari and Mrs Zainab Ahmed, Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning,… In "News" By Yinusa IsholaOmu-Aran (Kwara) - Rep. Raheem Olawuyi has suggested that the proposed N37 billion budgeted for National Assembly renovation should be channeled to development of education and other critical sectors. Olawuyi, representing Ekiti/Irepodun/Isin/Oke-Ero Federal Constituency, made the call in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN)on Monday… In "News"