Abuja – The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) caucus in the House of Representatives has called for strict observance of the rule of law to improve democratic practice in the country. The caucus made the call in a statement by its Leader, Rep. Kingsley Chinda (PDP-Rivers) on Saturday in Abuja. Chinda called for an environment that would guarantee freedom of speech and standard operations for the fourth estate of the realm. The lawmaker stressed the need to place greater value on Nigerian lives and for decisive and pragmatic steps to end the avoidable deaths in the country. He called on the government to restrain the Police and other security agencies from further unleashing violence on unarmed youths and other peaceful protesters. “They choose to go out and exercise their rights in commemoration of Democracy Day. “June 12 is a symbol of democratic freedom and supremacy of the people’s power and should be respected by ensuring that all0 the tenets of democracy are adhered to in all ramifications. “June 12 is not only about introspection, it is about renewing the commitments of all to the growth of democracy in our dear county. “It is about ensuring that our country is never again enveloped by darkness, hemmed to the abyss by the sinister forces that threaten our collective rights and freedoms,” he said. Chinda urged all Nigerians to hold on to democratic principles in spite of the challenges facing the country saying that “good will triumph over evil.” (NAN) By EricJames Ochigbo Abuja - Deputy Speaker of the House of Representatives, Rep. Ahmed Wase has mandated the Committee on Ethics and Privilege to investigate four members of the House over their roles in the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) caucus. This followed a Matter of Privilege by Rep. Ben Igbekpa… In "Politics" By EricJames Ochigbo   Abuja -   The House of Representatives has urged President Muhammadu Buhari to mandate the Police and other security agencies to apologise to Nigerians over alleged brutality on Ekiti Governor, Mr Ayodele Fayose. This was sequel to a unanimous adoption of a motion under Matters of… In "Top Stories" THE Peoples Democratic Party Caucus in the Senate, on Thursday, asked the Economic and Financial Crime Commission, to leave its party leaders alone. The lawmakers urged the anti-graft agency not to allow itself to be used to stifle opposition in the country. Members of the caucus said this after a… In "News"