ABUJA (Press Release) – The attention of Ohanaeze Ndigbo Worldwide has been drawn to a publication currently circulating in the media suggesting that Ohanaeze Ndigbo has issued a statement regarding the alleged rearrest and re-arraingment of Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPoB). Ordinarily, we would have ignored the said press release, but silence in this circumstance would mean giving validity to such fallacy by the unsuspecting public. Ohanaeze Ndigbo led by Ambassador Professor George Obiozor has not issued any press statement on the matter. Ohanaeze Ndigbo as the apex Igbo cultural organization does not issue public statements in a hurry.We hereby dissociate ourselves from the said press release and also warn those mischief makers, impostors and charlatans peddling the name of Ohanaeze Ndigbo to achieve selfish gains to desist from that shameful misadventure. In the event of further breach of this warning Ohanaeze Ndigbo will be compelled to invoke the full weight of the law to deal with the offenders. Chiedozie Alex OgbonniaNational Publicity Secretary, Ohanaeze Ndigbo WorldwideJune 29, 2021 Owerri,     -      The Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Wing has called for tactical collaboration between the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) and leadership of Ohanaeze Ndigbo for progress and development of the South east. The group made the call in Owerri on Wednesday in a statement issued by Mr Osmond Nkeoma, its… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The leadership of the Indigenous People of Biafra, (IPOB) yesterday visited  Ohanaeze Ndigbo National Executive Committee, NEC, at their monthly meeting, seeking the assistance of the apex Igbo socio-cultural group in working towards the de-proscription of the group. This was contained in a… In "Top Stories" Ohanaeze Ndigbo, the apex Igbo socio-cultural and political body, has commented on the Nnamdi Kanu's statement.   The group dissociated itself from inciting comments made by the leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, Nnamdi Kanu, over the ongoing carnage in Lagos State, The PUNCH reports.   President General, Ohanaeze… In "News"