MAIDUGIRI – Abba Mustapha, a seven-year-old boy whose parents were killed by Boko Haram has been found wandering in Maiduguri, capital of Borno State. Abba was found by a “good Samaritan” who took him to the state-owned broadcast station (BRTV) on Thursday and dropped him off there. Interaction with the boy at the premises of BRTV revealed that one Hajiya Bintu from Monguno brought him to Maiduguri after insurgents killed his parents. His foster parent enrolled him into a Q’ranic school in Bulumkutu, where the teacher was said to have flogged him severely over his inability to recite the Quran. “My name is Abba Masta (Mustapha)… Boko Haram killed my father. My mother is in Monguno, upon asking how he came to Maiduguri. I didn’t see my mother again in Monguno and Hajiya Bintu brought me to Maiduguri, I am an Allamjinri. Mallam asked me to read but I cannot read so the Mallam started beating me. Someone brought me to this place yesterday and left. My back is paining me, “Abba said. It was gathered that the Commissioner for Women Affairs, Hajiya Zoawara Gambo, has directed that the boy should be immediately taken to a rehabilitation centre in Bulumkutu.  (Daily Trust) By Philip Obaji Jr. Babagana was just 16 when Boko Haram militants invaded his town, slaughtered his parents, and abducted the local children. It was midnight when Babagana crept out of the Boko Haram hideout that had been his home for three days. Once he made his escape, he walked through the… In "News" By Lanre Ola MAIDUGURI  - A Nigerian schoolgirl rescued after over two years of captivity with Boko Haram militants met President Muhammadu Buhari on Thursday amid hopes she can shed light on the fate of 218 other abducted Chibok girls. Amina Ali Darsha Nkeki, who was flown in from the… In "News" By Lanre Ola MAIDUGURI - A Nigerian schoolgirl rescued more than two years after being taken captive by Boko Haram militants will meet President Muhammadu Buhari on Thursday amid hopes she can help shed light on the whereabouts of more than 200 other missing girls. The girl, named by activists… In "Security"