The Minister of Information and Culture, Lai Mohammed will be leading the Federal Government’s Team that will be engaging with Twitter concerning its suspension in Nigeria.  Twitter had said that it was ready to enter into dialogue with the Federal Government over the suspension, with a view to charting a path forward. The high powered FG team also includes the Attorney General of the Federation and Honourable Ministers of Justice, Communications and Digital Economy, Foreign Affairs, Works and Housing and Minister of State for Labour and Employment as well as other relevant government agencies. Nigeria government had imposed an indefinite suspension of Twitter’s operations in Nigeria. The government claimed that Twitter was involved in activities that are capable of undermining Nigeria’s corporate. However many believed that the suspension was not unconnected to the deleting of a tweet by President Muhammadu Buhari, an action that is viewed by many in the corridor of power as embarrassing.  Source ABUJA - The Federal Government on Tuesday confirmed that Twitter has formally written to seek dialogue on issues leading to the indefinite suspension of its operations in the country. The Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, confirmed this when he featured on “Politics Nationwide,’’ a Radio Nigeria call-in… In "Top Stories" The Federal Government on Tuesday confirmed that Twitter has formally written to seek for dialogue on issues leading to the indefinite suspension of its operations in the country. The Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, confirmed this when he featured on “Politics Nationwide,’’ a Radio Nigeria call-in programme… In "News" ABUJA - The federal government has given a condition to lift the indefinite suspension it placed on Twitter operations in Nigeria. Minister of Foreign Affairs, Geoffrey Onyeama, according sundry media reports, made this known to newsmen at a meeting with some envoys on Monday. Onyeama said that Twitter’s operations in… In "News"