OWERRI – Governor of Imo State, Senator Hope Uzodimma has dedicated last Saturday of June every year as Imo Youth Day, emphasising that the day will afford youths from different organizations across the State the opportunity to gather and celebrate themselves. Uzodimma dropped the hint weekend at Dan Anyiam Stadium, Owerri during the empowerment of 15,000 youths with the sum of N250,000 each to enable them startup a business, after being trained on different skills by government. Governor Uzodimma said that the day was significant not only in the lives of Imo youths but the entire State. He therefore enjoined them to begin their respective businesses or improve on the ones they are already into, and remember to make themselves available to talk to their fellow youths to shun crime and violence and to embrace peace. He promised to institute a forum for regular interaction of Imo Youths in a manner that they will cross-fertilize ideas and build friendship that will help them in the task of leading Imo tomorrow. He promised to encourage them further to take up the roll of advocacy for peace for a crime free Imo State. The Launching of the empowerment of 15,000 Imo Youths which came with a lot of funfair in Owerri and all parts of Imo State was used by the governor to re-assure Imo youths that the shared Prosperity Government actually means every word of her promise to them. He said:  “The only guarantee that the youths of today can truly be the leaders of tomorrow is by ensuring that Imo youths are empowered today so that tomorrow they can be economically strong to assert themselves as leaders.” Governor Uzodimma emphasised that though the youths constitute the majority of the criminal population in our society, as proven by recent security breaches in the State, they still have a great role to play in the fight against crime in our State. “I believe that if all of you, as youths, resolve to commit yourselves to a crime free, peaceful Imo State, and you take proactive steps to achieve same, crime will significantly reduce in the State and peace will reign”. He therefore reminded them of the aphorism that to whom much is given, much is expected. To that effect, the governor said, as the state government has taken the practical steps to empower Imo youths he can only enjoin them to resolve to become ambassadors of peace for a crime-free Imo State. On the huge expectations from the empowerment of 15,000 youths, the Governor told the beneficiaries that the seed money of N250,000 is expected to give birth to millionaires, and that in “Imo youths he sees future Presidents, Governors and Senators as well as very successful entrepreneurs of Imo extraction.” The governor told the crowd that his responsibility is to create the enabling environment that can help Imo youths attain great future. “On the other side, the duty of the youths is to play by the rules of positive engagements and they will get there,” he said. Speaking earlier, the Deputy Speaker Imo State House of Assembly, Hon. Chyna Amara Iwuanyanwu, appreciated the governor on behalf of Imo Youths and thanked him for remembering them at this time despite the challenges confronting the State. He said the governor has remained focused and has continued to inspire Imo youths and assured the governor that the youths would not disappoint him, as a time will come when they will pay him back. Also speaking, the Commissioner for Youths and Sports, Dan Ogu, informed that “when the training started many people doubted it but today it has become a reality, Imo youths have gathered from every ward, local government areas to be empowered with N250,000 each.” Ogu thanked the Governor for exhibiting a practical demonstration of love for Imo youths and assured that his Ministry will do it’s best to monitor and follow up on the beneficiaries. He also urged the youths to remain loyal, law abiding, shun all forms of violence and criminality and be supportive of the Shared Prosperity Government. Appreciating the kind gesture on behalf of other beneficiaries, Mr. Onyedikachi Unegbu from Ideato South and Enwerem Divine from Oru East applauded the Governor for the empowerment and promised not to disappointment him. (News Express) •Imo State Governor, Hope Uzodimma OWERRI - Governor Hope Uzodimma of Imo State has charged Imo State people, particularly traditional rulers and landlords, to make it a point of duty to ensure that they know those who are living in their midst or those they regard as their neighbours. He… In "News" Nigeria is experiencing a rude reawakening with the #EndSARS protest entering its 10th day, today, Sunday, 18 October. The protests staged across different states have been flawlessly organised by Nigerian youth with the Feminist Coalition as anchor. The protests which started without warning on Thursday October 8 with crowds of… In "Opinion" •Governor Hope Uzodinma OWERRI - The Imo state governor, Hope Uzodimma, on Wednesday dissolved his members of Executive Council members. The Commissioner for Information and Strategy, Declan Emelumba, confirmed this to Vanguard in Owerri. It was gathered by Vanguard that the aim of the dissolution was to regig his administration… In "News"