The leadership of dissident faction of Ohanaeze Ndigbo led by Uche Okwukwu has asked President Muhammadu Buhari to tender an unreserved apology to the Igbo nation over his recent threat on both social and mainstream media.  In a statement on Thursday, signed by Mazi Okechukwu Isiguzoro, the Secretary-General the Ohanaeze Ndigbo faction on behalf of Okwukwu, the group said that it was miffed that President Buhari could make such a provocative statement when the people are yet to get over the wounds of the civil war, but still battling with the trauma the people of the Southeast have suffered in the hands of the Buhari led administration. The group also stated that they are solidly behind the efforts of the governors of the southeast in restoring peace and stability within the region at this trying times, and demanded that the President should regularly meet with the governors, leaders and youths of the Southeast in order to fashion out ways of nipping in the bud, the current situation in the region. Part of the state statement read; “Ohanaeze Ndigbo Worldwide had studied the proclamation of President Muhammadu Buhari on social media responding to the insecurity challenges in southeastern Nigeria and we obliged President Buhari to quickly rescind the threats of repeating the episode of the civil war experience which killed 3 million Igbo people and wreaked havoc on Igbo properties, but rather Mr. President should tender an unreserved apology to Ndigbo, for the civil war contentions against southeast to help avert possible misinterpretation of Nigerians misconstruing him. “We are using this channel to remind President Buhari that killer herdsmen and Northern bandits based on the earlier warnings of USA Embassy Abuja that “they were heading south to destabilize the region,” the recent provocative onslaught against the southeast gave rise to Northern delinquents commandeered the moment to unleash affliction on security formations and government agencies like INEC. “We are solidly behind the southeast Governors in these tribulations and difficulties to restore peace and stability in the southeast, and President Buhari should regularly be scheduled to meet with Igbo Governors and leaders including youths and agitators, this exhibition of love are what Nigerians expect from Buhari, not civil war magniloquence. “Federal Government honored the Yoruba nation through MKO Abiola by the declaration of June 12 as Democracy Day to heal the psyche and wounds of the past, Southeast should be honored on June 12 Democracy Day through Presidential pardon and amnesty for all repentant Biafra agitators. “We will not like to be threatened with the genocide of 30 months of Biafra War again.”  Source By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) Ahead of the February 16 general elections, President Muhammadu Buhari-led All Progressives Congress, APC, and the main opposition Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, have intensified efforts to grab the about seven million votes of Ndigbo in northern part of the country. While attempts are made… In "News" The leadership of Ohanaeze Ndigbo led by a factional President, Uche Okwukwu has condemned the physical assault on former governor of Imo State, Sen. Rochas Okorocha by ‘agents’ of Imo State governor; Sen. Hope Uzodinma while effecting arrest of the former governor. In statement personally signed by Okwukwu on Monday… In "News" Abuja - Ohanaeze Ndigbo yesterday declared that Igbo presidency would put an end to the agitation for Biafra nation in the South Eastern part of the country. The Chidi Ibe led Ohanaeze Ndigbo made the declaration while responding to a statement credited to Kaduna State governor, Nasir El-Rufai that Igbo… In "Top Stories"