 The Inspector-General of Police (I-G), Mr Usman Baba, has charged police personnel to be professional and dedicate themselves to the duty of policing the country.  Baba gave the charge on Wednesday in Kano while addressing officers and men of the Police Command in the state. He directed the police commands to initiate trainings for their personnel, noting that professionalism is key to succeed in the job. The I-G acknowledged that policemen were facing some challenges, adding that they should not allow the challenges to affect their service delivery. “There must be challenges, but don’t allow the challenges to bring you down. “Shortage of manpower is a challenge; but let us use what we have. Be committed, don’t be involved in abuse of power and be professional. Make sacrifice to improve the service and yourself,’’ he said. Baba thanked the Kano State Government for its continuous support to the police which he said had enabled them to discharge their constitutional responsibilities in the state. Earlier, the Commissioner of Police in the state, Mr Samaila Shuaibu, highlighted the achievements of the command, saying that it required more personnel, operational vehicles and other equipment. Shuaibu commended the Police Community Relations Committee (PCRC) for its efforts in making the state among the peaceful states in the federation. (NAN) •IGP Usman Baba Alkali Inspector-General of Police (IGP) Usman Alkali Baba narrowly escaped death as a canopy nearly collapsed on him during an official function yesterday, Wednesday, June 9, 2021. The incident took place at the Lagos State Police Headquarter lkeja when the newly confirmed IGP, who was on his… In "Top Stories" Inspector General of Police (IGP) Usman Alkali Baba has warned policemen never to allow hoodlums wielding guns, sticks and machetes overrun their stations. He promised to kit them with anti-riot equipment, arms and ammunition as well as other weapons needed for effective policing through the Police Trust Fund (PTF). Baba… In "Features" Abuja - The Inspector-General of Police, Mr Ibrahim Idris, has said that the police will deploy massive personnel and equipment for the forthcoming Edo and Ondo governorship elections. Idris said this on Wednesday at a meeting with Command Commissioners of Police, AIGs in charge of the 12 zones across the… In "Metro"