Chairman of Eti-Osa East Local Council Development Area in Lagos Hon. Olufunmi Rafiu Olatunji is dead.  Olatunji died on Monday night.  A report in The Nation says Olatunji had been battling with illness before his death. He was buried today at his residence in Sangotedo, Ajah, Lagos, in accordance with Islamic rites. Before his demise, he was seeking re-election on the platform of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC). He emerged winner in the APC local government primary election with 1977 votes to become the party’s candidate in the forthcoming July 24th election. Confirming his death, his Media Team on Tuesday morning in a Facebook post said: “With sorrow in our heart but in total submission to the will of Almighty Allah (S. W. T), we announce the passing, after a long battle with illness, our dear father, brother, friend, confidant, role model, Nation-builder, Hon. Olufunmi Rafiu Olatunji. “He was until late night of Monday 21st June, 2021 the Executive Chairman of Eti-Osa East Local Council Development Area, Eti-Osa Local Government. “He will be buried in accordance to Islamic rite by 9 am prompt at his residence in Sangotedo, Ajah, Lagos. We invite you to join us in paying the last respect to our beloved father, brother, friend and Boss. “We are confident that Almighty Allah will grant him Al Jannah Firdaus.” In a terse statement, chairman of Lagos Mainland Local Government, Hon. Mrs Omolola Essien expressed sadness over his sudden demise. She said: “We commiserate with his family, friends, colleagues and staff of Eti-Osa Local Council development Area and pray against such unfortunate deaths in our fold. “And On behalf of the good people of Lagos Mainland Local Government Areas, I want to express my heartfelt condolences to the Conference 57 Chairmen, his family and pray that The Good Lord grants the people he left behind the fortitude to bear the loss and make paradise his final abode.” facebook sharing button Sharetwitter sharing button Tweetlinkedin sharing button Sharewhatsapp sharing buttonemail sharing buttonpinterest sharing button   News Express Bolaji Buhari Lagos - The Lagos State Deputy Governor-elect, Dr Obafemi Hamzat has lost his father, ObaMufutau Olatunji Hamzat. He was until his death on Sunday the traditional ruler of Afowowa Kingdom in Ewekoro Local Government Area of Ogun State. He was aged 86. According to a family source who… In "News" Lagos - After several years of gangsters' siege in Mushin, Lagos State Governor, Akinwumi Ambode, has restored peace to the beleaguered community, an All Progressives Congress (APC) chieftain, Mr Dawodu Olatunji, said on Sunday. ``For two months now, peace has returned to Mushin. Thanks to our governor, who picked up… In "News" Former Ekiti State Governor Ayodele Fayose yesterday described the recent Southwest Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) congress as a scam. He alleged that the congress held in Osogbo, the Osun State capital, was rigged. Fayose alluded to intimidation, manipulation, violence and vote counting discrepancies, which he attributed to the Collation Officer,… In "Politics"