Pastor of the Household of God Church International Ministries, Rev. Chris Okotie is celebrating his 62nd birthday today, June 16.  To celebrate his birthday, Okotie posted an article on Instagram written by his spokesman Ladi Ayodeji in his honour.  The article was titled “Okotie: A Troubadour and Myrmidon of Christ @ 62.” Writing about Okotie, Mr Ayodeji said, “It is written, ‘Teach us to number our days that we may apply our hearts unto wisdom.’ Simply put, a numerical accountability of time, fosters wisdom in the innermost recesses of our being. “Consequently, I have come to redefine my philosophical centre of gravity and embrace a transcendent equanimity. I am a better man. I am a wiser man. I am a better servant of the Lord Jesus”. – Extracted from Okotie’s birthday allocution two years ago. “I know Okotie has been Pastor of the Household of God Church for the past 34 years. His innovative presentation of the New Testament Church structure, and profound teaching have set his ministry on a pedestal from most local churches in Nigeria. “In 2003, Okotie ran for President in the philosophical political concept called, ‘Messianicism’. He posited that the concept of sacrificial leadership would augur well for the prosperity and unity of Nigeria. “This concept was developed and became the foundation of what he called ‘Aboriginal Democracy’. This informed his ‘letters pacifical’ which he wrote to the APC and PDP IN 2019 urging them to adopt him as a consensus remedial facilitator.” He concluded that the issues Okotie “raised in his letters have become the basis for the seeming fragmentation of Nigeria today.” “At 62, (Wednesday, June 16) we salute an icon who has demonstrated prodigious capacity in music, religion and politics. His convictions have laid neccessity on him to defend and confirm God’s word with concerted bravado. Truly, he is a ‘troubadour and myrmidon of Christ,’” he added.  Source Nigeria's former Aviation Minister, Femi Fani-Kayode has lambasted the senior pastor of the Household of God Church, Chris Okotie. This comes after Okotie left a cryptic post insulting late Prophet T.B Joshua died last Sunday, June 6. Okotie and Joshua were never friends as the former had always suspected the… In "News" The Senior Pastor of the Household of God Church, Chris Okotie, has revealed that it is against the finished work of Jesus Christ to wear facemasks to church. Okotie stated this in a 28-minute broadcast to his congregants sent via WhatsApp. The cleric also insisted he will not open his… In "News" The pastor of the Household of God International Ministries, Reverend Chris Okotie, has asked the 68 political parties, especially the two major ones, to roll over and adopt him as their consensus candidate in next year’s presidential election. It is not a joke or a suggestion. It is a divine… In "Opinion"