A Federal High Court judge has sent a former Vice Chairman of Lagos Island Local Government Area (LGA) Asekun Sakiru Kehinde to prison.   The judge said Kehinde should be remanded in prison custody following his arraignment for allegedly exporting 1.000 kilogrammes of cocaine. Justice Ayokunle Faji made the order after Kehinde pleaded “not guilty” to a one-count charge bordering on the offence. The defendant was arraigned by the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) on a charge marked FHC/L/99c/2021. NDLEA prosecutor Abu Ibrahim told the judge that Kehinde committed the offence on July 7, 2021, during the outward clearance of passengers on a Virgin Atlantic Airlines flight from Lagos to London-Heathrow, at the Departure Hall of the Murtala Muhammed International Airport, Ikeja Lagos. The court heard that the defendant, “without lawful authority exported 1.000 kilogrammes of cocaine, a narcotic drug” that is prohibited in the country. Following Kehinde’s plea, his counsel Olasupo Shasore SAN leading Chief Benson Ndakara informed the court that a bail application had been filled before the court, adding that the NDLEA had filed a reply to the said application. Mr Abu confirmed receipt of the application. Mr Shasore prayed the court to admit the defendant to bail on liberal terms because the offence for which he was charged is a bailable one. But the prosecution counsel opposed him, praying the court to refuse the bail application because, according to him, of the gravity of the offence. Justice Faji adjourned ruling till July 16 and remanded the defendant in prison custody. Source Lagos - The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) on Thursday arraigned a middle-aged man, Emmanuel Nzubeka, at the Federal High Court, Lagos, over alleged attempt to export 1.050 kilogrammes of Methamphetamine. Nzubeka, whose address was not stated, is standing trial on one-count of exporting narcotic substance. He, however, pleaded… In "News" Lagos  -  A Federal High Court in Lagos, on Wednesday ordered the remand at the Ikoyi Prisons, a 34-year-old man, Eze Ajah, charged with drug peddling. [pro_ad_display_adzone id="70560"] The accused was charged by the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) on a charge of drug peddling. When the case was… In "News" Lagos - A 72-year-old man, Samuel Akhigbe, on Tuesday, pleaded guilty to a charge of unlawful dealing in banned drug brought against him at a Federal High Court in Lagos. The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) arraigned him before Justice Saliu Saidu. Prosecution counsel, Mr Jeremiah Aernan, had told… In "News"