A 34-year-old Nigerian man has shocked friends and family members after committing suicide in the United States.  It was gathered that before taking his own life, Udoamaka Nwamu killed his wife and mother-in-law.  It was gathered that the man had recently separated from his wife before attacking her parents’ home in Douglasville, Georgia. Udoamaka Nwamu, of East Point, Fulton County, took a handgun to his in-laws’ home in Douglasville on Sunday, June 6, where his estranged wife, Kaliyah Nwamu, was staying, and fired shots into the front and back of the house on Long Lake Drive. Douglas County Sheriff Tim Pounds said in a news release on Tuesday, June 8, that the gunshots resulted in multiple 911 calls and deputies were dispatched to the house. Before they arrived, Nwamu forced his way inside the home. Deputies were met with gunfire from the house and were forced to take cover, while an emergency response team and hostage negotiator were sent to the scene. “During the course of the negotiations with Udoamaka, a single gunshot was heard,” Pounds said. The response team then entered the house and found Nwamu dead from what Pounds described as a self-inflicted gunshot wound. Deputies also found the bodies of Nwamu’s estranged wife, 24-year-old Kaliyah Nwamu, and her mother, 46-year-old Nikita Green. The case remains under investigation, Pounds added.  Source A middle-aged man from Ilembo in Katavi Region, western Tanzania has taken his own life. It was gathered that he killed himself early this week after his wife allegedly deserted him while he was ailing. Edward Chakala committed suicide by hanging, his family claims. In a note that Chakala left… In "Metro" Many who lost out in the politics of the 1990s would want Nigerians to believe that Gen. Sani Abacha was the greatest evil to have befallen the country. They are wrong. It took an Abacha to expose the average Nigerian politician as a fra­ud, a gangster, a se­lfish moron, and… In "Opinion" Kogi State    -     A Director in the Kogi State Civil Service, Mr Edward Soje has allegedly committed suicide by hanging himself on a tree in Lokoja, the state capital. The News Agency of Nigeria  gathered on Saturday in Lokoja that the dangling body of Soje was found on a tree… In "Top Stories"