LAGOS – The police in Lagos State have said that the command will look beyond 21-year-old Chindinma Ojukwu in the murder of the CEO of Super TV, Usifo Ataga.  This might not be unconnected with reports of conspiracy theories surrounding the murder by some unidentified persons.  The state police command already deployed the newly created ICT/ tracking unit at the State Criminal Investigations Department, Panti, Yaba, to adopt scientific and forensic measures of unraveling crimes and criminality in Lagos.  The social media was on Friday awash with reports that there might be conspiracy by some people to set the deceased Ataga up for some reasons.  A police source, who pleaded anonymity, while speaking to Sunday Tribune, said the police were “exploring all avenues and probabilities on the case.”  The police source also added that “it is a very serious case and the command will look at all rumours and facts of the matter in the course of our investigations.” The image-maker in charge of the state police command, Muyiwa Adejobi, also told Sunday Tribune that they would “expand the scope” of investigations.”  Adejobi said, “We have commenced thorough investigation into the matter and the command will expand the scope of its investigation to unravel the murder of Mr Michael Usifo Ataga and arrest anyone found culpable.”  The police image-maker also assured that “Justice must be seen to have been done in the case.”  The deceased Super TV boss was on June 15 at about 5:30 pm murdered at a rented apartment in Lekki Phase 1.  The state Commissioner of Police, Hakeem Odumosu, while speaking to newsmen, accused the arrested suspect of stealing the deceased’s Iphone. (Sunday Tribune) A fake drivers’ license and Nigerian International passport, amongst other items were recovered from Chidinma Ojukwu, the prime suspect for the murder of the Chief Executive Officer of Super TV, Usifo Ataga. Ataga was found dead on Sunday with multiple wounds found in several parts of his body at a… In "News" •Chidinma Ojukwu LAGOS - The University of Lagos (UNILAG), Akoka, has said that it is yet to take any decision against Chidinma Adaora Ojukwu, a 300-level Mass Communication student who, on Thursday, publicly recounted how she stabbed her lover, Super TV CEO, Mr Usifo Ataga, to death some days earlier… In "Top Stories" According to SaharaReporters, the family of Usifo Ataga, Super TV CEO, who was allegedly killed by a 300-level student of the University of Lagos (UNILAG), Chidinma Ojukwu, has demanded privacy, asking those who have useful information to reach the police. Chidinma and Ataga had reportedly lodged in a service apartment… In "News"