ABUJA – Former Senator representing Kaduna Central, Shehu Sani, has urged the Nigerian government to respect the fundamental human rights of Nnamdi Kanu, leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB and ensure that his trial is not based on hatred or vengeance. Sani made the call in response to the rearrest of the IPOB leader by the Nigerian government. The Attorney General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami had announced the rearrest of Kanu on Tuesday. Addressing a press conference in Abuja, Malami had said Kanu was arrested by a combined effort of foreign and Nigerian security operatives. However, Sani said the Nigerian government must ensure that the IPOB leader is tried within the ambit of the country’s laws. “The fundamental human rights of Nnamdi Kanu should be respected in compliance with the relevant articles of the constitution of the FRN. “His trial should be guided by justice, fairness and the rule of law and not sentiments, prejudice, hate, ill feelings, vengeance or bigotry,” he wrote. Meanwhile, an Abuja Federal High Court has remanded Kanu in the custody of the Department of State Services, DSS. Former Kaduna Central Senator, Shehu Sani, has spoken to the federal government to treat all Nigerians with fairness irrespective of tribe, as he says that is the only way to defeat supporters of IPOB leader, Nnamdi Kanu. This comes as IPOB led by Nnamdi Kanu has been at the forefront… In "News" •Nnamdi Kanu ABUJA - Justice Binta Nyako of the Abuja Division of the Federal High Court on Tuesday ordered the remand of fugitive leader of the indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) Nnamdi Kanu in the custody of the Department of State Services (DSS). The remand order was sequel to an… In "Top Stories" By Charles Ogbu Yesterday, the 26th day of August, 2017, the OHANAEZE Ndigbo President-General, Chief John Nnia Nwodo, released a statement in which he fiercely rebuked the minister of Justice and Attorney General of Nigeria, Mr Abubakar Malami, for calling for Nnamdi Kanu's re-arrest even while the genocidal quit notice-issuing… In "Opinion"