The Oyo State Council of the Nigeria Union of Journalists has called on the state government and Police Command to arrest the killers of an Ibadan-based journalist, Titus Badejo.  The call is contained in a condolence message issued on Sunday in Ibadan by the council Chairman, Mr Ademola Babalola. It was earlier reported that Badejo was allegedly killed around 9 pm at a popular night club in Oluyole area of Ibadan on Saturday. The deceased was an On-Air Personality, Disc Jockey, and sports presenter. In the statement, the NUJ chairman charged Governor Seyi Makinde and Commissioner of Police, Ngozi Onadeko, to ensure the killers were arrested and made to face the full wrath of the law. Babalola described the killing of Badejo as one murder too many for the union to comprehend. He condemned the recent spate of “senseless and avoidable killings” in Ibadan. He, therefore, urged major stakeholders to ensure that the security of lives and property in the state received priority attention. Babalola observed that people, who had scores to settle with one another, were using the rising insecurity in the state to perpetrate killings of monumental dimension. “We mourn the untimely passing on and gruesome murder of a journalist, the statement partly read. “Under the cover of darkness, the assailants snuffed life out of a bubbling young man and cut short his precious life. “What a cruel life! May your assailants never know peace, may the wrath of God descend on them wherever they are hibernating,” it added.  (NAN) By Akeem Abas Ibadan  -Chief Niyi Akintola (SAN) has predicted that Gov. Rotimi Akeredolu will emerge victorious in the Oct. 10, governorship election in Ondo State. The APC chieftain told newsmen on Sunday in Ibadan that Akeredolu would emerge in spite of the gang up against him. The News Agency… In "Politics" The Police Command in Oyo State, on Sunday, confirmed the murder of a popular Ibadan Radio Presenter, Mr Titus Badejo, by unknown gunmen. The Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) in the state, DSP Adewale Osifeso, confirmed the incident in a text message sent to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN)… In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State, on Monday, urged President Muhamadu Buhari to without delay, address the spate of insecurity in the country.Makinde, who spoke in Ibadan, Oyo State capital, expressed grave concern over state of insecurity in different parts of the country.  He called for… In "News"