By Chibuike Nwabuko ABUJA (Sundiata Post) – The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has reacted to the suspension of the social media platform, Twitter, by the President Muhammadu Buhari-led Federal Government, describing it as a draconian action and a slide towards a fascist regime. Reacting to the federal government suspension of Twitter operations in Nigeria, the party asserted that the suspension of twitter, is a vexatious, condemnable and barbaric move to reportedly muzzle Nigerians, particularly the youths. PDP National Publicity Secretary, Kola Ologbondiyan made this known in a statement on Friday. The statement said the party “is appalled that the Federal Government could exhibit such primitive intolerance and power intoxication because the social media giant demonstrated international best practices in not allowing the Buhari presidency to use Twitter as a platform to propagate and spread the Buhari administration’s hatred towards Nigerians”. The PDP insisted that rather than being a platform for activities that are capable of undermining Nigeria’s corporate existence, as claimed by the Minister of Information and Culture, Lai Mohammed, Nigerians, particularly “the youths, have been using the social media platform, largely, for activities that promote unity, as well as social, economic and commercial interaction in our country”. The statement read in part: “Our party notes that Mr. Lai Mohammed, in his statement, failed to cite an example of where Nigerians used Twitter as a platform to promote acts that are capable of undermining Nigeria’s corporate existence as he claimed. “Of course, the failure to give any such instance, confirms that the Federal Government is only out to victimize Nigerians. •President Muhammadu Buhari ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The main opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has described as international shame the suspension of the operations of social media giant, Twitter by President Muhammadu Buhari on Friday. In a statement signed by the party's national publicity secretary, Kola Ologbondiyan, the party reminded… In "Politics" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - Former Vice President Atiku Abubakar has said the closure of AIT and Raypower FM owned by the DAAR Communications Group by the APC led federal government is a throwback to the era of Decree 4 during which then Head of State General Buhari shackled the media.… In "Top Stories" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - Sixty Seven political parties have protested against the suspension of the Justice of Nigeria (CJN), Justice Walter Onnoghen by President Muhammadu Buhari, describing it as “illegal, unconstitutional, null, void and of no effect.” The parties, including the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and Social Democratic Party (SDP),… In "Top Stories"