A controversy is brewing as family members of late Professor Godswill Obioma have disagreed on what caused his death.  Obioma before his death was the Registrar of the National Examination Council.  According to DailyPost, while the wife, Elizabeth Obioma who broke the news claimed that her husband was assassinated, the son came up with a version that his father actually died from heart attack. According to Mrs Obioma, “The assassins came in and killed him and left without taking anything,” She told Peoples Gazette. Mrs Obioma disclosed that her husband returned to Minna from a trip to Abuja when the assassins pounced on him. But his son, Prince Godswill Obioma the second said his father passed away after a brief sickness. In a short press statement he issued to NECO, he said, “Dear Sir, this is to formally inform you that my father Prof. Godswill Obioma, the Registrar/Chief Executive of NECO passed to eternal glory yesterday 31/5/2021 after a brief illness.” ”We request that you kindly notify the Board, Management and the entire staff of the Council of this development.” “We shall keep you duly informed. “Prince Godswill Obioma the 2nd, for the family.” Also confirming the development, Mustapha K. Abdul, Director Human Resource Management, NECO) said the late NECO boss slumped in his bedroom in Minna and was rushed to the National Hospital. Abuja where he eventually died. “The truth of the story is that the man slumped in his Minna bedroom, rushed to the National Hospital, Abuja where he eventually died.” These conflicting reports have further arouse suspicions in different quarters as many believe there is more than meet the eye in the matter. Nigerians on social media are beginning to ask questions as to the true picture, wondering why the wife and the son should send out conflicting details. More suspicious is the fact that the family have remained silent over Obioma’s health history which would have given a clue on why he slumped in his bedroom as claimed.  Source •Prof Godswill Obioma Unknown gunmen on Monday night stormed the residence of Professor Godswill Obioma, strangling him in what his wife suspected to be an assassination, Peoples Gazette reports. “The assassins came in and killed him and left without taking anything,” Elizabeth Obioma told Peoples Gazette by telephone on Tuesday… In "Top Stories" By Douglas Okoro Abakaliki - A group, African Students Education Support Initiatives (ASESI), has commended President Muhammadu Buhari for appointing Prof. Godswill Obioma the Registrar of National Examination Council (NECO). In a statement signed by its Executive Director, Mr Chinonso Obasi, in Abakaliki, ASESI said that the appointment was a… In "Politics" The National Examinations Council on Thursday said 26,277 out of the 39,503 candidates who sat for its 2020 Senior School Certificate Examination for external candidates obtained five credits and above including in English Language and Mathematics. The board’s Registrar, Prof Godswill Obioma, disclosed this at the council headquarters in Minna,… In "Education"