Joint Task Force of the Nigerian Army troops engaged in battle with Boko Haram and Islamic State West Africa Province terrorist groups, killing 20 insurgents in the process.  This was made known in a statement titled ‘Troops neutralise several BHT/ISWAP terrorists in Lambom forest’ released on Monday and signed by the Director of Army Public Relations, Onyema Nwachukwu. According to the statement, the troops which comprised of North East Operation Hadin Kai and the Air Task Force attacked the terrorists who were camping in the Lambom forest, Borno on Sunday. The statement partly read, “Acting on credible intelligence, the troops with close air support from the Nigerian Air Task Force component swiftly carried out a simultaneous land and air offensive, penetrating deep into Lamboa forest in Borno state, the statement partly read. “The gallant troops overran the position of the terrorists with heavy volume of fire from both land and air, killing over 20 insurgents. “The troops also captured heavy fire weapons and arms, including three Anti Aircraft Guns, three AK 47 Rifles and two Gun Trucks, aside two other Gun Trucks that were destroyed by the troops. “The Chief of Army Staff, Major General Faruk Yahaya, has congratulated the troops for the successful conduct of the operation. “He enjoined the troops to sustain the ongoing offensive under Operation Hadin Kai, until the insurgents are completely surmounted. “The COAS reiterated the commitment of the Nigerian Army under his leadership to bring terrorism and insurgency to an end in the North East.”  Source ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The Nigerian military in collaboration with Cameounian forces, has inflicted heavy losses on Boko Haram terrorists, killing three of their commanders and 22 fighters. This is coming as the Nigerian Air Force (NAF) F-7NI Fighter jet pounds the terrorists logistic base in Kangarawa, Borno State. The… In "Top Stories" By Rabiu Sani Maiduguri -   The Nigerian Army on Monday said its troops killed two fleeing Boko Haram insurgents at Aisaram Village in Gubio Local Government Area of Borno. Col. Timorthy Antigha, the Deputy Director Army Public Relations, 8 Task Force Division, disclosed this in a statement in Maiduguri… In "News" By Hamza Suleiman Maiduguri -   The Nigerian Army said it had killed several Boko Haram insurgents and recovered weapons in an encounter that ensued at Zari village in Guzamala Local Government Area of Borno on Friday. Col. Onyeama Nwachukwu, Deputy Director, Public Relations, Theatre Command Operation Lafiya Dole, disclosed this… In "News"