Enugu state governor, Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi has condemned the deaths and injuries sustained by individuals caused by a trigger-happy police inspector in the state.  The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the state Police Command confirmed five persons dead and four critically injured in Sunday’s attack on residents. The incident occurred when a police inspector attached to RC Lotto Company allegedly opened fire on some residents of Golf Estate, Enugu at about 9.30 a.m. It was gathered the Police Inspector started shooting sporadically, leaving five persons dead and four persons with gunshot injuries. It was not clear why the policeman was shooting but sources said he was drunk and started acting strange. Enugu Governor, Ugwuanyi, who visited the injured victims at Enugu State University of Technology (ESUT) Teaching Hospital Parklane, Enugu expressed shock over the incident. The Governor, who was received at the hospital by Enugu Commissioner of Police, Enugu State Command, Mohammed Ndatsu Aliyu and the Chief Medical Director, Prof. Hyacinth Onah, condoled with families of the deceased. A statement by Commissioner for Information, Nnanyelugo Chidi Aroh, said Ugwuanyi announced his administration would pay all the medical expenses for the injured.   •Enugu State Police Commissioner Mohammed Aliyu  About five unknown gunmen on Tuesday night attacked Ogboro-Eke-Abugu village Ibagwa-Ani in Nsukka Local Government Area of Enugu state, killed one, and injured two people. An eyewitness who pleaded anonymity told Daily Sun in Nsukka on Wednesday that the gunmen stormed the village around 9pm Tuesday… In "Metro" Enugu -  Police Command in Enugu State has confirmed the death of one person when an uncompleted storey building collapsed at Ida-Ibeku in Opi community of Nsukka Local Government Area. The command’s spokesman, SP Ebere Amaraizu, who confirmed the incident in a statement on Tuesday, said that three others sustained… In "News" By Stanley Nwanosike Enugu - Traders in Ogbete Main Market, Enugu, on Thursday, embarked on a peaceful protest to the office of Enugu State Commissioner of Police over the alleged invasion of the market by suspected hoodlums. The alleged attackers, whom the traders said were suspected cultists, critically injured four… In "News"