LAGOS – Evelyn Joshua, wife of the founder of Synagogue Church of All Nations, Temitope Balogun Joshua, has broken her silence on the death of her husband. Evelyn took to social media to express her grief over jer loss. Brushing aside the Twitter debacle in Nigeria, she took to the microblogging site at her handle, @Mama_Evelyn, and wrote a short message. She said, “Losing a loved one is never easy; whether sudden or foreseen. It is always heart-breaking. Grief can wreak havoc on our overall well-being. That’s why it’s important to stay rooted to the Almighty. Only He can lessen our heartache and comfort us in these times. Seek refuge in him.” Followers and lovers of the late preacher reportedly flooded her comment section with condolence messages in sympathy with her. A Twitter user, @Edsonphiri35, said, “My deepest condolences, mama. May you find solace in our lord and saviour Jesus Christ. The passing on of this gallant man of God came as a surprise to us, but we find comfort knowing that he has found eternal rest in Yahweh. We are with you in spirit mama as we mourn with you.” Similarly, @NNonvo, said, “Ma’am, condolences to you and your family. You supported the man of God, your husband, all your life. Wherever he went, you went and gave love and hope to the downtrodden of this world. May God give you strength and comfort in these trying times.” About a week ago, Evelyn had taken to her Twitter page to write, “Faith is trusting and believing that the Almighty has your back no matter what you’re going through. Even when you can’t comprehend what’s going on, you trust Him. You know He will get you out of unfavourable situations. Best motto to live by; do your best, leave the rest to Him!” Many have described Evelyn as “the pillar” of the late preacher’s life and ministry and said it would be a serious hit on the family. (The ConclaveNg) By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari has commiserated with former Minister of Defence, retired Gen. Aliyu Gusau, on the death of his wife, Hajiya Binta. In a condolence message by the President’s Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, Malam Garba Shehu, in Abuja on Saturday, Buhari said… In "News" Former Minister of Defence, General Aliyu Mohammed Gusau has lost his wife, Hajiya Binta. In a condolence message issued in Abuja on behalf of his family, the Government and people of Nigeria, President Buhari said the death of Hajiya Binta came to him "as a great shock." The President said: "A wife… In "Top Stories" Reno Omokri, a former aide to ex-President Goodluck Jonathan and Popular medial mogul, Dele Momodu, has reacted to the death of Evelyn Murray-Bruce, wife of the former lawmaker representing Bayelsa East in the upper legislative chamber, Senator Ben Murray-Bruce. We had earlier reported that Evelyn was battling cancer before her… In "Metro"