Nigerian President, Muhammadu Buhari on Tuesday has finally addressed the worsening insecurity in the nation.  The President made the statement in a Twitter Press release where he also addressed issues on re-election and the current attacks on INEC in some parts of the country.  The statement reads: “I receive daily security reports on the attacks on critical national infrastructure, and it is very clear that those behind them want this administration to fail. Whoever wants the destruction of the system will soon have the shock of their lives. We’ve given them enough time. “I received a briefing today from the Chairman of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), on the series of attacks on their facilities nationwide,” Buhari said. “These attacks are totally unacceptable, and we will not allow those behind them to achieve their evil objectives. “I have assured INEC that we will make available to them everything they need to operate efficiently, so that no one will say we don’t want to go, or that we want a third term. There will be no excuse for failure. We will meet all of INEC’s demands.” In the area of security, we have changed the Service Chiefs and the Inspector-General, and we are demanding that they rise fully to the challenges confronting us. There must be zero tolerance for all those those bent on destroying our country by promoting crime and insurrection! Many of those misbehaving today are too young to be aware of the destruction and loss of lives that occurred during the Nigerian Civil War. Those of us in the fields for 30 months, who went through the war, will treat them in the language they understand. •President Muhammadu Buhari ABUJA - President Muhammadu Buhari on Tuesday drew the battle-line, vowing to visit war on those he said are “bent on destroying the country through promoting insurrection, and burning down critical national assets.” “A rude shock awaits them, and very soon too,” Buhari, who is believed to… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – President Muhammadu Buhari blew hot on Tuesday over report of destruction of national assets, especially offices of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), threatening that rude shock awaits those who want the destruction of the system. According to the statement signed by the… In "Top Stories" The President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), on Tuesday, warned people behind security problems in the country, saying he would soon be hard on them. Buhari also said secessionists were too young to know loss of lives and other tragedies that attended the Nigerian civil war of 1967 to 1970.… In "News"