LAGOS (Sundiata Post) coalition of civil society organisations (CSOs) has issued a statement saying it will not abide by the federal government’s order banning Twitter in Nigeria. The coalition, made up of about 27 CSOs issued the the statement on Tuesday defying the ban of Twitter by the Buhari regime. In the statement sent to Sundiata Post, the coalition said WE WILL KEEP TWEETING! The full statement reads: We Will Keep Tweeting “The man dies in all who keep silent in the face of tyranny – Wole Soyinka We are leaders of civil society organisations that work on governance, corruption, elections, digital rights & inclusion, women’s rights and journalism in Nigeria. We strongly support statements released by various civil society organisations and other stakeholders, condemning the suspension of the microblogging platform, Twitter, in Nigeria, as this represents a continued assault on the civic space and anti-democratic clampdown on free speech. We are also aware of the statement credited to the Attorney General and Minister of Justice, threatening to arrest anyone who continues to tweet after the announced suspension. We, therefore, wish to categorically say that we, as individuals, and our organisations, do not know any law that the act of sharing information breaks, and will continue to use Twitter, other social media platforms, and other media channels, to share information and engage with citizens. We note that  Section 36(12) of the 1999 Constitution (as amended) makes it impossible to convict any person for a criminal offence if that offence is not defined and its penalty not prescribed in a written law. On the power of Section 36(12) which protects a fundamental human right, we therefore note and state unequivocally that the Attorney General’s statement threatening to prosecute citizens using Twitter contravenes the Constitution and is a violation of human rights and an utter abuse of power. We stand with Nigerians who continue to exercise their fundamental human rights, especially as we will be celebrating Democracy Day on Saturday, June 12. God bless the Federal Republic of Nigeria! Signed: ‘Gbenga Sesan, Executive Director, Paradigm Initiative (PIN) ‘Yemi Adamolekun, Executive Director, EiE Nigeria Adebayo Raphael, Centre for Liberty Auwal Musa Rafsanjani, Executive Director, Civil Society Legislative Advocacy Centre (CISLAC) Cheta Nwanze (@chxta) Chioma Agwuegbo, TechHerNG Coalition in Defence of Nigerian Democracy and Constitution Concerned Nigerians Cynthia Mbamalu, Director of Programs, Yiaga Africa Deaf Women Aloud Initiative (DWAI) Dorothy Njemanze, Executive Director, Dorothy Njemanze Foundation (DNF) Edetean Ojo, Executive Director, Media Rights Agenda Hamzat Lawal, Connected Development [CODE] / Follow The Money Joshua Olufemi, Founder, Dataphyte Idayat Hassan, Executive Director, Centre for Democracy and Development (CDD) Kolawole Oluwadare, Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) Lex Initiative for Rights Advocacy and Development (LIRAD) Mojirayo Ogunlana-Nkanga, Centre for Impact Advocacy (CiA) Nana Nwachukwu Nelson Olanipekun, Citizen Gavel Olabukunola Williams, Executive Director, Education as a Vaccine Oluwatosin Alagbe, Premium Times Centre for Investigative Journalism Raising New Voices Initiative Seun Onigbinde, Director, BudgIT Tunde Aremu Udy Akpan, Executive Director, Youth Alive Foundation (YAF) Y.Z Y’au, Executive Director, Centre for Information Technology and Development (CITAD) According to The PUNCH, the Federal Government has summoned the envoys of the United States, United Kingdom, Canada and the European Union in Nigeria over their recent comments on the suspension of microblogging site Twitter in the West African Country. This was contained in an invitation to pressmen issued on… In "News" Nigeria’s Civic technology organisation, BudgIT Nigeria, has urged Nigerians to express displeasure over the stamp duty law of the Federal Government considering the effect the law would have on the finances of the common man. ‎ Oluseun Onigbinde, co-founder and team leader of interactive financial platform, BudgIT Nigeria in a… In "News" By Nse Anthony-Uko ABUJA, (Sundiata Post) -- With Nigerians not earning enough, research experts at BudgIT say the Value Added Tax (VAT) earning targets of N242billion for 2017 from N198.24billion in 2016 are unrealistic. However, BudgIT, which functions on the premise that budgets must work for the people noted that if… In "Business"