HURIWA said this in a statement signed by its National Coordinator Comrade Emmanuel Onwubiko and the National Media Affairs Director Miss Zainab Yusuf, and made available to media platforms in Abuja.  The group upbraided President Buhari’s government for abandoning the sick Tagina kids abducted by terrorists in Niger State. Bandits had recently abducted over 200 pupils of the school before making the demand. The Rights group accused the government of complicity, for the mere fact that Buhari had refused to clearly list the armed Fulani kidnappers and militia members as terrorists and his government’s failure to do anything towards freeing the kids. Furthrrmore, HURIWA lampooned the Niger State Governor for attending a social event where he partied before jetting out overseas on a frolicking mission on the same day that thes school kids were abducted viciously by terrorists and had remained in captivity for nearly a month. “This central administration similarly abandoned the kidnapped Greenfield University students in Kaduna and the Federal forestry school in Kaduna for months not until their parents sold all their assets and borrowed from all over to pay these terrorists hundreds of millions of Naira in ransom before the captives were released. “It is clear that President Buhari has breached the constitutional elementary duty of protecting citizens. This willful abdication of his legally binding duty of care as the Commander -in-Chief means that the government has ran out of any sort of legitimacy to remain in power. “The National Assembly that ought to use threats of impeachment to compel effective protection of citizens’ lives, is a house of infamy whereby the leaders are stooges and slaves of the executive arm of government in violation of the principles of checks and balances exemplified in sections 4, 5 and 6,” it said. HURIWA recalled with considerable sadness that terrorists rebaptised by President Muhammadu Buhari’s administration as only armed bandits who abducted children of the Tanko Salihu Islamiyya school, Tegina in Niger State, have reduced the demanded ransom for their release to N150 million. HURIWA recalled that the children were abducted on May 30, 2021, and have been in captivity for 16 days as of Tuesday, 15th June. HURIWA recalled that the Niger State Government has insisted it would not pay any ransom for the release of the children. The group also called on the United Nations and global leaders to intervene and rescue the kids captured by terrorists who are pampered by the current leadership in Nigeria. In a similar reaction, leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, Nnamdi Kanu, had accused President Buhari of pampering terrorists, bandits and kidnappers from the Fulani tribe. Kanu said this after the bandits demanded N110m ransom for students of the Salihu Islamiyya School. The bandits who threatened to embark on killing the pupils if their demands are not met by Tuesday midnight, reportedly contacted the School Headmaster, Alhaji Abubakar Alhassan, to make their demands known.  Source By Chibuike Nwabuko, Abuja A pro-democracy and civil rights group, the Human Rights Writers Association of Nigeria (HURIWA), on Monday, condemned the recent abduction of an Abuja-based journalist and publisher of National Trail, Inuwa Bwala, by police from Borno State, who transferred Bwala to Borno State. HURIWA's National Coordinator, Emmanuel Onwubiko, claimed… In "News" Human Rights Writers Association of Nigeria, HURIWA, has described the decision by President Muhammadu Buhari government to build railways from Kano to Niger Republic with borrowed Chinese money as fraudulent and against Nigeria’s security interests. HURIWA also threatened to sue President Muhammadu Buhari in order to stop the multibillion Naira… In "News" 。。。 As Dapchi Schools Remain Closed 11 Days After 。。。PDP Hails Reps’ Probe of Dapchi Abduction 。。。As NBA, ECWA Women Urge FG to Ensure Safe Return of Abducted Girls 。。。Residents Hold Prayer for Schoolgirls 。。。Parents Lament Failure to Secure Girls’ Release 。。。Military Seeks Information, Cooperation   Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Jama’atu… In "News"