ABUJA – Men of the Federal Capital Teritory Police Command have launched a manhunt for criminals who kidnapped an Igala Prince and some hotel guests at Tungan Maje community. The FCT Police Spokesperson,  Mariam Yusuf told PRNigeria that the police are on the trail of the gunmen. “Immediately, we received the information, the Command launched a manhunt of special squad to apprehend the gunmen and free the victims.” PRNigeria gathered that suspected gunmen early Thursday morning stormed Tungan Maje, a community along Zuba-Gwagwalada highway in the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), andabducted the owner of the hotel and guests that included some politicians. A security source said “What we have gathered so far is that the gunmen allegedly  abducted the owner of Hilltop hotel an Igala Prince known as Frederick Adejoh and a former legislator in Kogi State, Friday Sani Makama alongside unspecified number of guests. “The armed men shoot sporadically into the air to scare aware the security men on guard, before kidnapping the hotel owner and guests.” Recently that the Command’s Anti Kidnapping Squad arrested members of Tungan-Maje kidnapping gangs and recovered huge ransome payments. The gang members belonged to a notorious syndicate involved in major abductions along Bwari-Byzahin, Kuje-Kwali axis and Niger State. Other suspects were arrested for threatening residents of Tunga-Maje to pay ‘ransom’ to avoid being kidnapped. As many as 15 people have been kidnapped in an Abuja community.   They were on Saturday kidnapped by some gunmen in Kuje Area Council of the Federal Capital Territory, Abuja, while coming from Kabi Mangoro community in the area council, according to SaharaReporters.   SaharaReporters reports that the incident… In "News" Unknown gunmen on Thursday kidnapped scores of residents of Tungan Maje village, a community bordering the Federal Capital Territory and Niger State. The hoodlums reportedly stormed the village where they kidnapped about 20 persons after shooting sporadically in the air. Vigilantes in the community were said to have put spirited… In "Top Stories" According to Sun News, the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) Police Command, said it has launched a manhunt to rescue a 17-year-old girl, and student of Federal Government College Rubochi. The victim, Gift Abiikor, was said to have been abducted from the residence of one Ahmed Adamu by some gunmen in… In "Metro"