A Federal High Court in Abuja has rejected an application by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) to amend its charge in the $9.8million, £74,000 fraud trial of an ex-Group Managing Director (GMD) of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC), Andrew Yakubu.  Justice Ahmed Mohammed, in a ruling on Thursday, held that granting the application by the EFCC would amount to varying a subsisting judgment given by the Court of Appeal, Abuja on April 24, 2020 where it, among others, ordered Yakubu to enter defence in relation to counts three and four of the six counts originally contained in the charge on which he was arraigned. Justice Mohammed was emphatic that allowing the prosecution (the EFCC) to amend the charge was tantamount to disobeying the subsisting order made by the Court of Appeal in its judgment of April 24, 2020. The EFCC claimed that its operatives, acting on a tip-off, raided Yakubu’s house located on Chikun Road, Sabon Tasha area of Kaduna South Local Government Area of Kaduna State on February 3, 2017 and recovered the $9,772,800 and £74,000 cash kept in a fire proof safe. It arraigned Yakubu on March 16, 2017, on a six-count charge relating to money laundering offences. He was among others, accused of failing to make full disclosure of assets, receiving cash without going through a financial institution, which borders on money laundering and intent to avoid a lawful transaction under law, transported at various times to Kaduna, the aggregate sum of $9,772,800 and £74,000. The prosecution closed its case on October 17, 2018 after calling seven witnesses. The seventh prosecution witness, an operative of the EFCC, Suleiman Mohammed spoke about how his team recovered the $9,772,000 and £74,000 cash in Yabubu’s house in Kaduna, which was later deposited in CBN in Kano. At the closure of the prosecution’s case, Yakubu made a no-case submission, which Justice Mohammed, in a ruling on May 16, 2019, partially upheld by striking out two of the six counts contained in the charge and ordered Yakubu to enter defence in relation to the remaining four counts. The judge was of the view that the prosecution failed to prove counts five and six of the charge, which related to allegation of unlawful transportation of the money. “Even though I am tempted to discharge the defendant on counts one to four, I am however constrained to ask the defendant to explain how he came about the monies recovered from his house. “Fortified with my position, the defendant is hereby ordered to enter his defence in respect of counts one to four,” Justice Mohammed said in the May 16, 2019 ruling. Dissatisfied, Yakubu challenged the decision at the Court of Appeal, Abuja, which, in a ruling on April 24, 2020, upheld Justice Mohammed’s ruling and proceeded to strike out two more counts – one and two – in the charge. The Court of Appeal then ordered Yakubu to enter his defence in respect of the remaining two counts – three and four. Proceedings later resumed at the Federal High Court, with the defendant commencing his defence as ordered by the Court of Appeal. But, on March 10 this year, the prosecution applied for leave to amend its charge, arguing among others, that the law allows the prosecution to amend charge at any stage of the proceedings before judgement. The defence countered, arguing that the Court of Appeal, in its judgment of April 24, 2020, made an order to guide further proceedings in the trial. It noted that the Court of Appeal ordered that the defendant was only to enter defence in relation to counts three and four in respect of which a prima facie case was established. The defence urged the court to refuse the prosecution’s application for amendment and allow the defendant to continue with his defence, a prayer Justice Mohammed granted in his ruling on Thursday. When the judge ended the ruling on Thursday, the defence indicated its intention to proceed with its case, but the court elected to adjourn till June 30 following plea by the prosecution for an adjournment on the grounds that the lead prosecuting lawyer was not immediately available.  Source By Taiye Agbaje Abuja - The Federal High Court, Abuja, on Tuesday, adjourned the trial of former Group Managing Director of Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC), Mr Andrew Yakubu, until Feb. 20. Justice Ahmed Mohammed, who gave the order, said the move was to afford the defendant the opportunity to… In "News" By Wandoo Sombo Abuja - The Federal High Court, Abuja on Monday, granted Andrew Yakubu, former Group Managing Director, (GMD) of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, (NNPC) permission to travel abroad for medical treatment. Yakubu who is charged with six counts bordering on money laundering filed an application seeking leave… In "News" The Federal High Court in Abuja, on Thursday, remanded former Group Managing Director of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, NNPC, Mr. Andrew Yakubu, who was accused of stashing over N3billion at his house in Kaduna, in Kuje Prison. Trial Justice A. R. Mohammed sent the defendant to prison after he… In "News"