ABUJA – Justice Binta Nyako of the Abuja Division of the Federal High Court on Tuesday ordered the remand of fugitive leader of the indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) Nnamdi Kanu in the custody of the Department of State Services (DSS). The remand order was sequel to an application by federal government lawyer, Shuaibu labaran. Kanu was said to have been intercepted by joint security operatives of the government. Attorney General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami, who made the disclosure in a joint press briefing with the DSS and Police, said Kanu was arrested on Sunday June 27, 2021. However, the briefing was silent on where he was arrested. Ruling on the request for remand in the custody of the DSS, Justice Nyako, held that the Prosecution should inform Kanu’s lawyer of his rearrest and remand in the custody of the DSS. The judge subsequently adjourned till July 26 for continuation of trial. Kanu was granted bail in 2017 and subsequently jumped bail and was declared wanted by the government. Apart from jumping his bail, the Federal Government is also holding Kanu responsible for various acts of violence recently in the South-East. By Wandoo Sombo Abuja -  Mr Tochukwu Uchendu, one of the sureties who secured bail for Nnamdi Kanu, the leader of Indigenous People of Biafra, (IPOB), has asked the Federal High Court, Abuja, to order Kanu’s arrest. Uchendu filed the application demanding the arrest of Kanu through his counsel, Mr… In "Top Stories" •As Justice Ademola, others remain detained ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Mr. Nnamdi Kanu, has sued for contempt proceedings following the failure of the Federal Government and its relevant agencies to give effect to an order made by Justice Adeniyi Ademola of… In "Top Stories" By Teddy Nwanunobi Abuja (Sundiata Post) — Leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Nnamdi Kanu, was, on Tuesday, granted bail on health reasons in an Abuja Federal High Court 4 presided over by Justice Binta Nyako. Nyako, however, denied bail to three other pro-Biafra agitators, Chidiebere Onwudiwe, Benjamin Madubugwu… In "Top Stories"