A former Presidential aide, Reno Omokri has said Federal Government arresting Pastor Enoch Adeboye and William Kumuyi will likely bring an end to President Muhammadu Buhari’s regime.  This comes after the Minister of Information, Lai Mohammed said Adeboye of the Redeemed Christian Church of God and Kumuyi of Deeper Christian life ministries will be arrested for disobeying FG’s Twitter ban. Mohammed had appeared in an interview on BBC Africa Focus on Monday stating that the attorney-general of the federation, Abubakar Malami has the right to prosecute anyone for using the social media platform. “The attorney-general has made it clear that if anyone violates the regulation, that such person will be prosecuted. I think it is the right of the attorney-general to decide who to prosecute,” he said. Adeboye and Kumuyi had taken to Twitter yesterday to reveal why they will not be obeying FG’s Twitter ban. Adeboye on Twitter wrote: “The Redeemed Christian Church of God is domiciled in more than 170 Nations & Territories,” Mr Adeboye tweeted on Monday. “The tweets here are in accordance to Article 19 of the UN universal declaration of Human Rights.” On his part, Kumuyi tweeted; “In view of the Twitter ban in Nigeria, please note that the content shared on this handle is targeted at a global audience in more than five continents and over 100 Nations and we share the content from any of these locations,”. Reacting, Omokri wrote: “Lai Mohammed says Pastor Adeboye, Pastor Kumuyi, Bishop Oyedepo and Apostle Suleman will all be prosecuted. “I will like to see that happen. Perhaps that will be the beginning of the end of our tolerance for the incompetence of this regime” An order by the federal government banning the use of Twitter in Nigeria will not be obeyed by the Redeemed Christian Church of God, RCCG. This was made public by the General Overseer, Pastor Enoch Adeboye on Twitter. Recall that the federal government on Friday suspended Twitter operations in Nigeria.… In "Features" By Harrison Arubu Abuja  -  The Citizens Advocacy for Social and Economic Rights (CASER) has called on Pastor Enoch Adeboye to rescind his resignation as the General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG). The call came in a statement issued by the Executive Director of the Abuja-based… In "News" Adeboye, Oyedepo, Kumuyi, Others Ask Students to Snub Arabic Studies Classes In "News"