According to SaharaReporters, some hoodlums, who allegedly support the Chairman of Itire/Ikate Local Council Development Area (LCDA), Ahmed Apatira, have attacked a member of staff of the council.  According to the Chairman of the Nigeria Union Of Local Government Employee (NULGE) in the council, Summy, the staff member, who is the second signatory of the LCDA’s bank account, was attacked on Thursday. He said, “In what appears as a show of shame, it is saddening to comment on the lawlessness going on in Itire/Ikate Local Council Development Area (LCDA) under the clueless leadership of Ahmed Apatira. “On Thursday, 24th June 2021, thugs loyal to Apatira with instructions from Pius Soyoye, a friend of the chairman, physically assaulted the second signatory to the council’s account. “Do you know the offence? He was carrying out his legitimate duty of ensuring that public funds are not being diverted. It will be noted that the Local Government Service Commission queried Itire Ikate LCDA recently as the worst in Lagos State in terms of revenue generation. “This action should be condemned. All actors in the shameful acts should be reprimanded, including Ahmed Apatira, for his utterances which are fuelling the crisis and act as a guide to his aides. “On Friday 25th June 2021, the LCDA staff embarked on strike, the council was locked up, and even Apatira was not allowed into the council. “It’s so sad that this is happening less than a month before the council election. This same man sponsored thugs and cultists to disrupt the just concluded primary election. They were shooting guns on election day in Itire Ikate.”  Source Minister of Works and Housing Mr Babatunde Fashola has called on Nigerians to join the All Progressives Congress (APC) to move the country forward. He spoke after he and his wife, Abimbola revalidated their membership of the party at State Junior Grammar School, Itolo, Surulere, Lagos. The former governor of… In "Politics" By Omowunmi Alake and Oluwakemi Oladipo   Lagos -  Mrs Abimbola Salu-Hundeyin, Federal Commissioner, National Population Commission (NPOPC) for Lagos State on Tuesday said that Nigeria was overdue for a census for effective management of the country’s populace. Speaking at an Enumeration Area Demarcation (EAD) exercise in Lagos, Salu-Hundeyin said… In "News" Hell was let loose in the early hours of Wednesday, in Iyana-Ipaja area of the state when dealers of motorcycles, popularly called “Okada,” riders and miscreants, known as “Area Boys,” engaged the police in a violent confrontation over enforcement of the recent ban by state government on Okada and others.… In "Metro"