Late American rapper, Nipsey Hussle will be honored with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.  Nipsey was named among 38 honorees today. Other members of the Hollywood Walk of Fame class of 2022 include George Clinton, Ashanti, DJ Khaled, Black Eyed Peas, Avril Lavigne, and more. They will be inducted as part of the Recording category.  The Motion Picture category includes new inductees Michael B. Jordan, Regina King, Tessa Thompson, Willem Dafoe, and others, while the Television category will welcome Tracee Ellis Ross, Jean Smart, Kenan Thompson, and more. “The Panel did an amazing job choosing these very talented people,” Ellen K, a radio personality and chair of the Walk of Fame selection panel said, per Variety. “We can’t wait to see each honoree’s reaction as they realize that they are becoming a part of Hollywood’s history with the unveiling of their star on the world’s most famous walkway!” Nipsey Hussle was shot and killed in 2019. Following the news of his death, Hussle was remembered by countless members of the music community. Several posthumous songs featuring the rapper have been released in the years since, including the recent JAY-Z collaboration “What It Feels Like.” Nipsey died on March 31, 2019, after being shot outside his Marathon Clothing store in South Los Angeles. The rapper was 33 when he was killed.   Source Los Angeles rapper Nipsey Hussle has been shot dead outside his clothing shop, US media report. The 33-year-old was shot a number of times, and was pronounced dead on arrival at hospital, the Los Angeles Times reported. Two other people were wounded in the shooting outside Marathon Clothing in South… In "Entertainment" The American rapper, Snoop Dogg, is the latest recipient of a Hollywood Walk of Fame star. The rapper, actor, and television personality will be honoured in a ceremony on the 19th of November to recognise his works to Hollywood. The ceremony will be hosted by Jimmy Kimmel who will present… In "Entertainment" By Priscilla Osaje Abuja - The public memorial service for late Slain rapper, Nipsey Hussle will be held at Staples Centre on Thursday. His family reportedly chose the 21,000 seat venue to accommodate a massive crowd that will be attending. The Los Angeles rapper, whose real name was Ermias Davidson… In "News"