Nnamdi Kanu, the leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has opened up on reports that members of the group beheaded a native doctor after his charms failed.  Reacting on Monday through Publicity Secretary of IPOB, Emma Powerful, Kanu said no such thing happened. Recall that the incident was alleged to have happened in Awommama, Oru East Local Government Area of Imo State. A statement by the Media Adviser to the Imo State Commissioner of Police, Mike Abattam, had said the native doctor, Pascal Okeke, was beheaded by ESN after charms he prepared for them failed. Reacting, Kanu insisted that IPOB and ESN members do not believe in fetish things and they don’t kill people of the Southeast. A statement by Powerful reads: “The attention of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) ably led by our great leader Mazi Nnamdi Kanu has been drawn to the concocted and ridiculous statement from Nigeria police that IPOB and ESN killed a native doctor preparing charms for them in Awommama Oru East LGA of Imo State, and burnt his house. “Let us reiterate once again that neither ESN nor IPOB has killed people since its formation by our indomitable leader Mazi Nnamdi Kanu. We also do not have any native doctors as we do not believe in fetish acts. Our trust has always been in the Almighty God, Chukwu Okike Abiama.“It is ridiculous for the Nigeria Government to associate IPOB or ESN with their moon-tale narrative of a native doctor and charms. Assuming but not conceding to the laughable tale by the Nigeria police, does it make any sense that we will turn around to kill the same native doctor allegedly preparing charms for us? “The security agents should stop blackmailing themselves thinking they are doing so against IPOB and ESN. They should stop killing and burning the houses of people and blame their wickedness on IPOB and Eastern Security Network ESN. We do not kill the same people we are sacrificing so much to liberate. Spilling blood is not part of our mandate.”  Source Daily Post reports that the Eastern Security Network, ESN, a security wing of the Southeast Secessionist group, Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, has allegedly killed their native doctor, Paschal Okeke from Umudim-Ukwu Orji, Awomama in Oru East Local Government Area of Imo State over failure of charm he prepared to… In "Features" In what appeared to be a well-planned attack, about a dozen men armed with AK 47 and grenades on Saturday killed about eight people, including three security personnel, and set the country home of Governor Hope Uzodinma of Imo State at Omuma, Oru East Local Government Area of the state… In "News" The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has dismissed claim by Governor of Imo State, Hope Uzodimma, that it hijacked the Eastern Security Network (ESN) from the South East governors. In a statement by it media and publicity secretary, Emma Powerful, it said ESN was created out of necessity after it… In "News"