The Federal High Court sitting in Abuja has ruled in favour of President Muhammadu Buhari over his decision to extend the tenure of former Inspector General of Police, IGP Mohammed Adamu.  Abuja-based legal practitioner, Maxwell Okpara, filed the suit marked FHC/ABJ/CS/106/20.  The presiding Judge, Justice Ahmed Mohammed in his ruling, held that the President is vested with the constitutional powers to appoint an IGP, in consultation with the Police Council. He said the President also has the powers to extend the tenure pending the appointment of a substantial IGP to prevent the existence of a vacuum. According to Mohammed, that plaintiff failed woefully to prove that Buhari has no power to extend the tenure of the former IGP, Adamu for three months. “The suit of the Plaintiff failed and it is accordingly dismissed,” the court held. Lawyer to the Plaintiff, Ugochukwu Ezikiel told reporters after the ruling that the judgment of the trial court will be tested at the Court of Appeal. Others named as defendants in the suit include Adamu, Abubakar Malami, (SAN), and the Nigeria Police Council.  Source By Chibuike Nwabuko ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - A Federal High Court in Abuja has upheld the power of the President to extend the tenure of a retiring Inspector General of Police (IGP) pending the completion of the process for the appointment of a substantive successor, the Nation has reported. Justice… In "Top Stories" The Nigerian Bar Association (NBA) has faulted the decision by President Muhammadu Buhari to extend the tenure of the Inspector General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu. The association has consequently sued at the Federal High Court in Lagos to compel the a reversal of the purported tenure extension. The suit,… In "Features" ABUJA - President Muhammadu Buhari has extended the tenure of Mohammed Adamu as the Inspector General of Police (IGP) by three months. This was announced to correspondents on Thursday by Minister of Police Affairs, Mohammad Dingyadi, at the Presidential Villa, Abuja. He said the extension was necessary to give room… In "Top Stories"