At least 32 people including a graduate of the Federal University of Agriculture, Makurdi (FUAM) Benue State, were on Sunday killed and many others wounded when suspected Fulani militants attacked Odugbeho village in Agatu and Logo local government areas of Benue State on Sunday. Thirty people were massacred in Agatu and two in Logo. Mr. Echechofu Ali from Odugbeho in Agatu Local Government Area was among those gruesomely murdered by the herders. It was learnt that in Logo, the invaders made the incursion into Adoor Aggwei village near Anyiin where they killed the farmers whose names were given as Suleyol Emberga and Iorliam Dôôr Aggwei, while one Emmanuel Chukwukwe and others were reportedly kidnapped. Hordes of people including women, children and older people displaced as a result of the attack were said to be taking refuge at the neighbouring Ogbaulu community in Agatu Local Government Area. A witness who is also an indigene of Odugbeho, Isaac Oche, said the suspected herdsmen invaded the Odugbeho market which coincided with a wake around 5:45 pm on Sunday and started shooting sporadically, killing anyone in sight and disappeared around 6:40 pm after killing so many people. Oche said that the attackers escaped to the bush and later resurfaced to the village shortly after the first 11 bodies were recovered (New Telegraph) Abuja - The South-East Leadership Caucus of the All Progressives Congress (APC) on Wednesday said President Muhammadu Buhari was working round the clock to stop the alleged bloodletting by suspected herdsmen. This is contained in a statement issued to newsmen in Abuja by the spokesman, APC South-East Leadership Caucus, Mr… In "Politics" Armed men suspected to be Fulani herdsmen have again launched a deadly attack in the Odugbeho community in the Agatu Local Government Area of Benue State, killing over 40 residents, according to Daily Post. The armed men reportedly invaded the community on Sunday night, killing some residents and injuring scores… In "News" By Rachael Abujah, The recent communal clash involving famers and Fulani herdsmen in Benue with its attendant killings and destruction of property has raised concerns that leave much to be desired for urgent action to prevent recurrence. Statistics from the Benue State Emergency Management Agency (SEMA) indicates that no fewer… In "News"