Operatives of the Lagos Police Command have arrested an inmate who escaped from the Owerri Correctional facility during the jailbreak in April over alleged theft of Subscriber Identification Module (SIM) card.  The suspect, Oyemachi Maduabuchi, 34, was alleged to have stolen the SIM and a memory card belonging to a member of a church his elder sister took him to for deliverance on April 20, a day after he arrived Lagos. It was learnt that the suspect, who was in prison for 12 years awaiting trial on charges of conspiracy, armed robbery and arson, was at the verge of regaining his freedom through an out of court settlement process being pursued by his family before he escaped from the facility the night of jailbreak. As soon as he left the prison facility, he was said to have gone to his hometown, Onitsha in Anambra State to see his mother, who then linked him up with his elder sister, Amarachi, a resident of Customs Bus Stop, Ijegun, Lagos. Maduabuchi, according to a statement by police spokesman, Olumuyiwa Adejobi, came to Lagos on April 19 and was taken to a church in Ijesha for special deliverance the following day but ended up stealing the items. Read Also: Katsina: Police kill three bandits in a gun duel“The sister thereafter invited him to Lagos on April 19. The suspect was kept in the sister’s house where she used to lead him to church for special deliverance service. “In the process, after the night vigil on April 20, at Bride Assembly Church, Ijesha, the suspect allegedly stole the sim and memory cards of a member (name withheld) of the church before he was eventually arrested and the stolen items recovered from him. “In the course of police investigation, it was revealed that the suspect has been standing trial since 2009 for conspiracy, armed robbery and arson before Justice Nna Amadi of Mgbidi High Court 1, at Mgbidi, Imo State. “The suspect has confessed to the crime while the Commissioner of Police, Lagos State, CP Hakeem Odumosu, has directed that the suspect should be handed over to the Nigerian Correctional Service for further investigation and necessary action. “The Commissioner of Police therefore assured the general public that the command will not relent on its efforts in making the state safe and peaceful for all and sundry to live in as all hands are on deck to effectively police Lagos State,” said Adejobi.  Source According to The PUNCH, the Nigeria Correctional Service, Kaduna State Command, said on Saturday that four inmates who sustained injuries during an attempted jailbreak at the state’s Maximum Custodial Centre in the state on Tuesday have died. The Controller of Corrections, Kaduna State Command, Sanusi Mu’azu Danmusa, in a statement… In "News" Katon Karke (Kogi) - Two armed robbery convicts and 11 awaiting trial suspects were among the 13 inmates who escaped from Koton Karfe prison in Kogi in the early hours of Saturday. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) learnt that the inmates in one of the cells in the prison… In "News" A Federal High Court in Lagos Friday sentenced to four years imprisonment an awaiting trial inmate, Osaro Egberamwen, who organised an Indian hemp smuggling operation from his cell in the Ikoyi Correctional Centre (Ikoyi Prison). Egberamwen, a.k.a. Osas, contacted one Perpetual Sixtus Okpa via Facebook and successfully hired him to… In "News"