Daily Post reports that the Eastern Security Network, ESN, a security wing of the Southeast Secessionist group, Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, has allegedly killed their native doctor, Paschal Okeke from Umudim-Ukwu Orji, Awomama in Oru East Local Government Area of Imo State over failure of charm he prepared to protect them against police bullet.  The development was disclosed in a statement on Saturday by the media adviser to the Imo State Commissioner of Police, Mike Abattam. According to the statement, the ESN shot the juju priest severally, beheaded him before setting the corpse and the man’s house on fire. The angry fighters alleged that the native doctor prepared an impotent charm for them which according to them, led to the death of several members during gun battle against security operative in the state. “The remnants of IPOB /ESN terror groups turned the gun on their juju priest, one Paschal Okeke of Umudim Ukwu Orji Awomama in Oru East LGA of Imo State. “They shot him, decimated his remains, excised the head and burnt the body and his house for the futile efficacy of the charms he had given the group over time and the colossal failure to protect them from police bullets”, part of the statement read.  Source Abuja - Following the death of the leader of the Eastern Security Network, ESN, Commander Ikonso, yesterday, the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, Sunday said that the military wing of the group has gotten a new commander. A tactical team of the Nigeria Police, Nigerian Army, and Department of State… In "Top Stories" In what appeared to be a well-planned attack, about a dozen men armed with AK 47 and grenades on Saturday killed about eight people, including three security personnel, and set the country home of Governor Hope Uzodinma of Imo State at Omuma, Oru East Local Government Area of the state… In "News" Policemen in Imo state have killed the squad commander of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB)/Eastern Security Network (ESN) identified as Joseph Uka Nnachi aka Dragon. According to TheNation, six others were also killed. The police claim he was responsible for over 70 per cent of the killings in the… In "News"