Preparations for the planned wedding of President Muhammadu Buhari’s son, Yusuf Buhari, have started in earnest. On Sunday, the President’s delegation visited the Emir of Kano’s palace where talks about the wedding were held. Governor of Jigawa State, Abubakar Badaru, led the President’s delegation to the Palace of Emir of Kano alongside other top government officials. It was gathered that Yusuf, the only son of President Buhari met his heart-throb, Zarah Ado Bayero, in the United Kingdom where they both had their undergraduate studies. Here are the interesting things to know about the ‘incoming’ daughter-in-law of the President: Emir of Bichi’s daughterZarah Ado Bayero is a 19-year daughter of Emir of Bichi, Alhaji Nasir Ado Bayero, who is the fourth child of late Emir of Kano, Alhaji Ado Bayero. Her father, aside being an Emir, is also the Chairman of 9mobile. He was the first child born at the official residence of Kano Emirate known as Gidan Dabo. He was the district head of Fagge, Tarauni and Nassarawa Local Government Areas before he was appointed a first-class monarch by the administration of Governor Abdullahi Ganduje. Link to Sokoto While Zarah’s mother, Farida Imam, is the daughter of famous Kano educationist, Mal Abubakar Imam (Imamu Galandanci), a former Executive Director at Afribank Plc, the Sultan of Sokoto, Muhammad Saad Abubakar III, is married to Farida’s biological sister. Education Zarah, is the second daughter of the Emir and she studied Architecture in the United Kingdom. (Daily Trust) THE Emir of Kano, Muhammadu Sanusi II, has received his fourth wife – four years after the wedding took place. The wife, Sa’adatu Barkindo Mustapha, was brought to the Emir’s palace on Saturday while the traditional Budar Kai ceremony takes place yesterday. The Emir’s wife, who is the daughter of… In "Metro" Kano- Alhaji Ado Kurawa, the former Director, Research and Documentation Unit, Ado Bayero Foundation, has described the late Emir of Kano, Alhaji Ado Bayero, as the most influential monarch in the history of Kano Emirate Council. Kurawa made the remark at the first memorial lecture of the revered traditional ruler… In "News" Sanusi Did Not Inherit N4bn From His Predecessor–Walin Kano In "Top Stories"