OWERRI – The Imo State Commissioner of Police, Mr. Abutu Yaro has told hoodlums and bandits in the state to return all police rifles in their possession, adding that the command has resolved to ruthlessly deal with any person caught with such arms and ammunition. Yaro, who stated this on Wednesday in an exclusive chat said that many police rifles were carted away during the EndSARS protest and attacks on police formation.He attributed the recent shooting and killings in the state to bandits who carted away with police rifles during the protest and attacks. He also called on parents and peace-loving stakeholders to report any child in their custody with any police rifle. He said, “I hereby call on parents and well-meaning people of the state to report any child in their domain having police rifle. The police rifle is for police and not for any other person.” “Many police stations were recently burnt and the rifles they moved away with were what they used in the recent shootings and killings in the state”, Yaro added. The CP, nevertheless, said that the police in the state would leave no stone unturned to ensure that bandits were dealt with and brought to book when apprehended. (The PUNCH) According to SaharaReporters, the Imo State Police command says it has arrested five hoodlums who launched an attack on the reconstruction site of Orji Police Station which was burnt during #EndSARS protest last October. This was disclosed in a statement on Tuesday by the spokesman for the command, Bala Elkana.… In "News" Weeks after many police stations were destroyed, the Inspector-General of Police Committee on EndSARS Protest Damage Assessment has said that many police officers in Lagos State are still missing and unaccounted for. The committee, which was in Lagos to assess the extent of damage to police assets on Saturday, disclosed… In "News" •Imo State Police Commissioner Abutu Yaro By VICTOR NWACHUKWU Two unknown gunmen have been killed in a joint operation carried out by the Nigerian Army, Air Force and the Police in Imo. The Commissioner of Police in the state, CP Abutu Yaro, confirmed this to newsmen in Owerri on Thursday.… In "Metro"