A new instruction has been made available for 2021 UTME candidates by the Joint Admissions and Matriculations Board (JAMB).  JAMB has advised candidates whose registration process is incomplete to visit special centres to finish the process. JAMB’s Head of Media Dr Fabian Benjamin gave the advice in a statement on Monday. Benjamin said the advice affected only those who could not complete their registration during the earlier scheduled registration period. He said only candidates whose names were compiled after giving reasons for the incomplete registration process and had been contacted “are expected to visit the centres”. “At the end of the period originally scheduled for the 2021/2022 Unified Tertiary Matriculations Examination (UTME) and Direct Entry (DE) registration on May 15, the registration period was extended. “Another two weeks that elapsed on May 29, was given to accommodate candidates who, largely due to issues related with newly introduced pre-requisite of National Identification Number (NIN), could not register. “Additional extension of two weeks was made to compile the list of all prospective candidates who for any reason were unable to register. “The candidates who have not registered but have secured the profile codes and initiated the registration process are expected to visit the specially designated registration centres to complete the registration on Tuesday, June 15. “Designated registration centre for each candidate is being forwarded to them through the GSM text (SMS) messages and also available on the website of the Board (www.jamb.gov.ng) from 12 noon on Monday, June 14. “The identification number on each form given to the candidates has been used to assign the candidates to their registration centres. “Only candidates who have secured their profile codes are expected to visit the centres. “Also, the names of the few who have not yet obtained their NIN or profile codes have been forwarded to NIMC and would be contacted as soon as they are cleared by NIMC. “Each candidate posted to any non-JAMB owned CBT centre is expected to pay the registration fee of N1,000 to such CBT centre,” Benjamin said. The 2021 UTME is scheduled to commence from June 19 to July 3. The Registrar of the board, Prof. Ishaq Oloyede, however, disclosed the possibility of conducting a second UTME for candidates with genuine registration challenges. Oloyede had stated this on Wednesday in Lagos, while monitoring profiling of candidates with 2021 UTME registration challenges.  Source UTME: JAMB Registers 800,000 Candidates In 17 Days In "News" The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB) has given another two-week extension to candidates who genuinely had issues in completing their registration for the 2021 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME). The deadline for registration was May 29, 2021. A statement yesterday by JAMB’s Head of Information and Protocol, Dr. Fabian… In "Education" The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB) has revealed that it has announced a new feature in the ongoing registration for the 2021 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME). The exam body in a statement issued on Thursday by its Head of Media and Protocol, Fabian Benjamin, said the feature, ‘Know… In "Education"