Award-winning Nigerian artist, Tubaba Idibia has opened up on why he married his wife, Annie Idibia Innocent despite having kids from different women.  The artist is a father of seven; 5 from his previous relationships with other women and two with his wife, Annie; Olivia, and Isabella.  In an interview with DJ Anyaloko, 2Baba disclosed his reasons for his choice and also talked about his past relationship. 2Baba said…. “You see Annie is from an average background like myself. We both started from nothing. She stuck by me through it all. When there was no car she hopped on bikes, took the bus, and trekked with me. When there was no money or house or hit song or millions of albums sold or big awards and accolades.” “When I used to repeat just 3 sets of clothes, she would always hold my head, look me in the eyes and tell me things will be fine one day. When I wasn’t handsome, she would call me her prince charming. When I wasn’t celebrated, she called me her king and said she is my number one fan and to this day, she still is.” “Even when I made it big as a musician and started misbehaving and controversies almost destroyed my career, she would go down on her knees and pray to God to show me the way and give me victory over my enemies.” “Now if am still that small boy struggling to make it like every other young chap on the streets of Lagos, do you think a doctor, a lawyer, and a multi-millionaire businesswoman would want to look at me or even have my kids? No, so to answer your question, I did not choose who had more to offer me, I chose Annie because she offered me her all when we had very little”.  Source Nigerian power couple, Tuface and his wife, Annie Idibia are celebrating their 8th wedding anniversary today, March 23rd 2021. The pair got married in Dubai on March 23, 2013, and they have two children together. To mark her special day, Annie Idibia, took to her Instagram page to share a… In "Entertainment" Star actress, Annie Idibia, has said that her year started on a rough note due to the fact that her father took ill for months. Speaking exclusively with Saturday Beats, the screen diva revealed that her father was not always there for her siblings and her so she was raised… In "Interview" They came into the industry looking for a source of livelihood but also found love along the line. That is the story of an array of Nigerian actors, actresses, singers and sports men and women who found their better halves while shooting films, interpreting roles, belting out great hits or… In "Entertainment"