According to Daily Post, a pregnant woman and two other men have been reported dead in another Lagos-Ibadan highway accident.  The pregnant woman, DAILY POST learnt, was in a bus conveying tomatoes. The fatal crash occurred around 5am on Thursday at Danco axis of the highway, inbound Lagos, barely two days after a tablet explosion killed two persons along the Ogere stretch of the road. DAILY POST gathered that a DAF truck (flat body) with registration number, XY 895 GGE and a granite-laden Iveco truck marked, JBD 16 XY were involved in the accident. The accident also involved a Mazda bus (LND 676 XX) loaded with tomatoes and another Mazda bus (BDG 755 YA) loaded with garri. The Ogun State Traffic Compliance and Enforcement (TRACE) Corps, said “the driver of the Mazda bus loaded with garri lost control as a result of speeding and rammed into a run away truck from the rear, leading to multiple hits by other vehicles.” TRACE spokesman, Babatunde Akinbiyi, told DAILY POST that, “Among the three casualties who died in the unfortunate crash, two males were occupants of the Mazda bus loaded with garri, while a pregnant woman was in the Mazda bus loaded with tomatoes.” The dead victims, Akinbiyi said, were evacuated by the FRSC officials to Idera Private Morgue, Sagamu, while TRACE officials cleared the road to regulate and normalize traffic. He added that all the vehicles involved have been towed to Sagamu police divisional headquarters. The TRACE Corps commiserated with the families of the dead, warning motorists to desist from excessive speeding.  Source The Ogun Traffic Compliance and Enforcement Corps said three persons died in an accident at Lotto, opposite NNPC Filing Station on Lagos-Ibadan Expressway, on Friday.   Mr Olusola Ojuoro, the Mowe/Ibafo Area Commander of TRACE, told the News Agency of Nigeria in Ota, Ogun State, that the accident happened at… In "News" Abeokuta - Five persons died on Tuesday in an accident involving a Mercedes Benz truck and a Mazda bus at Sagamu on the Lagos-Ibadan Expressway in Ogun. The Sector Commander of the FRSC in Ogun, Mr Adegoke Adetunji, who confirmed the incident, said that the bus lost control and ran… In "News" By Abiodun Lawal Abeokuta -   One person died on Saturday while others were injured in an accident involving a tanker and a Mazda commercial bus on the Lagos-Ibadan Expressway, an official said. Mr Babatunde Akinbiyi, the spokesman for the Ogun State Traffic Compliance and Enforcement Corps (TRACE), confirmed the… In "News"