Robbers have injured six members of National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) in an attack on their lodge in Osun State. The attackers took away phones, laptops, cash and whatever else they could lay hands on. The incident happened on Saturday evening at the Nigeria Christian Corpers Fellowship (NCCF) lodge at Dada Estate when the corps members were praying, it was gathered. A source told our correspondent that the armed robbers numbering about eight forcefully entered the lodge and threatened to kill anyone who refused to lay down their valuables. One of the victims Ofure Ehizogie said, “We were attacked and those armed robbers took away all our valuables. They took laptops, phones, money and other valuables. During the attack, about six to seven of us were injured and we were taken to hospital. State coordinator of National Youth Service Corps (NYSC), Mr Adewale Adegoke visited the scene with officials. He said, “It happened on Saturday and we informed the state government, DSS, and NSCDC about the incident and they have been helping. “Those that were injured were taken to hospital and some were discharged on Saturday and others left on Sunday. We have given the security operatives information that will help to apprehend the robbers.” Special Adviser to the Governor on Security, Mrs Abiodun Ige said she was not aware of the attack, and police spokesperson Yemisi Opalola did not respond to calls and text messages.  Source By Abbas Bamalli Kano - Gov. Abdullahi Ganduje of Kano state has donated N100,000 to each of the corps members attacked by some armed robbers on their way to the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) Orientation Camp at Kusalla in Karaye Local Government Area of the state. The governor, who… In "News" Worshippers at a church in Benin City, the Salvation Givers Church Ministries International, Friday morning got more than they bargained for when armed robbers invaded the church and unleased mayhem on members at a special holy ghost programme tagged “Kokobo Night,” meant to cast demons and evil spirits from members.… In "News" According to The Nation, palpable fear took over a student’s hostel, lodge in Port Harcourt, Rivers State, following an attack on the occupants by unknown gunmen recently. The incident happened at number 20, Osina Street, Mile 3, Diobu, where students of Rivers State University cohabit. The gunmen numbering five, who… In "News"