Ugandan parliament on Monday approved the presidential nominees for vice president and prime minister in the east African country.  The lawmakers endorsed the appointment of Jessica Alupo as vice president and Robinah Nabbanja as prime minister and leader of government business in parliament. The two will be sworn into office by President Yoweri Museveni. Alupo, former education minister, replaced sacked Edward Ssekandi, and Nabbanja, former state minister for health in-charge of general duties, will replace Ruhakana Rugunda. “I thank the president for entrusting me with this honor of the second highest office in the land,” Alupo said. “I will not spare any energy in serving this country on this appointment. “I promise that I will work with all the people regardless of their political shades, background or views. “I also pledge to work with all sides of this August House to ensure that the (ruling) National Resistance Movement party manifesto is implemented to the dot as well as all other government programs,” she said. Nabbanja, on her part, expressed her commitment to “ensuring availability of government business and ensuring that ministers are present in the House.” President Museveni, who was sworn in on May 12 for his sixth five-year term in office last week, appointed an 81-member cabinet, sacked 37 former ministers, reshuffled and named new ones. Uganda’s parliamentary appointments committee will this week vet all the appointed ministers ahead of their swearing-in.  (Xinhua/NAN) Abuja - As behind the scene jostling continues in the on-going tussle and quest for a new Chief of Staff to President Muhammadu Buhari, Presidency sources have tipped Dr. Hajo Sani, OON as the next replacement to the late Mallam Abba Kyari. Meanwhile gender experts have said appointing a female… In "News" Addis Ababa -  The newly appointed Ethiopia’s President Sahle-Work Zewde on Thursday stressed unity among Ethiopians and the need to sustain the ongoing reform in the country. Zewde was elected as the east African country’s first female president following the official resignation of the former President Mulatu Teshome on Thursday.… In "Top Stories" ABUJA - President Muhammadu Buhari is set to inject fresh blood into his cabinet as he has sent names of two new ministerial nominees to the Senate for confirmation. A source close to the Senate told our correspondent that the letter arrived the Senate late Tuesday. The source revealed that… In "Top Stories"