Prof. Oluwatoyin Ogundipe, the Vice-Chancellor of the University of Lagos, UNILAG, has addressed the controversy surrounding undergraduate student, Miss Chidinma Adaora Ojukwu, who allegedly murdered Usifo Ataga, Chief Executive Officer of SuperTV.  Ogundipe, addressing the press on Wednesday, said the university is following due process on the alleged murder case but will not deny their student no matter the travails. He disclosed that the university is handling the administrative aspect of the issue since the case has become a national matter. “From the records available to us, Chidinma Adaora Ojukwu, is a student of the University of Lagos who was born on December 12, 1999 from Abia State. “From our records, her next of kin is Mr Onoh Ojukwu. She is a student of this great university(UNILAG) whether she is a part-time or full-time student. Her matriculation number is 170912015. “We cannot deny the fact that she is a student of the university,” he said. On measures taken by the management of the university in handling her case, Ogundipe answered that due process was being followed. “Since the case has become a national matter that is being handled by the police, the university is handling the administrative aspect of the issue, ” UNILAG VC said. Chidnma was paraded by the police last week for the murder Ataga. She confessed that she strangled and stabbed him.  Source •Chidinma Ojukwu LAGOS - The University of Lagos (UNILAG), Akoka, has said that it is yet to take any decision against Chidinma Adaora Ojukwu, a 300-level Mass Communication student who, on Thursday, publicly recounted how she stabbed her lover, Super TV CEO, Mr Usifo Ataga, to death some days earlier… In "Top Stories" •Usifo Ataga and Chidinma Ojukwu Former aide to erstwhile President Goodluck Jonathan, Reno Omokri has reacted to the story of a UNILAG student, Chidinma Adaora Ojukwu who reportedly killed her sugar daddy, Usifo Ataga, the Super TV boss. According to Omokri, Chidinma is a victim of circumstance. Omokri said that… In "Social Media Feeds" •The suspect, Chidinma Ojukwu LAGOS - Men of the Lagos State Police Command have arrested the father Chidinma Ojukwu, who allegedly stabbed the Chief Executive Officer of Super TV, Usifo Ataga, to death. A top police source, who pleaded anonymity because he was not authorised to speak on the matter,… In "Metro"