BENIN- A graduate of Architecture from the Ambrose Alli University (AAU), Ekpoma, Miss Ella Williams, was on Monday morning gunned down by suspected herdsmen along the Benin-Ekpoma Expressway.Miss Williams was said to be travelling from Benin, her base, to Ekpoma to pick up her call-up letter in preparation for the compulsory one year National Youth Service Corps (NYSC), programme, when the herdsmen opened fire on the bus she was travelling in, killing her on the spot while other passengers were abducted. Announcing Williams’ death on his Facebook wall on Monday, a user, Asomba Andrew Egbuonu, wrote: “I received the devastating news of the demise of a young lady and a promising future of the Nigerian nation, Miss Ella Williams, in the hands of bloodthirsty and heartless Herdsmen on the Benin – Ekpoma Road in Edo State.“Miss Williams, who has just graduated with a Masters in Architecture from Ambrose Alli University Ekpoma, was said to have travelled from her Benin base to pick up her call-up letter. She never made it back as her vehicle was attacked by murderous marauders who ambushed her vehicle opening fire on them with their small arms (aka AK47 Assault guns) killing her on the spot. What a country where human lives have no value, especially to these emotion-less invaders,” Egbuonu added.“All over Nigeria, criminals and kidnappers plan and find ways of stopping vehicles before kidnappings their victims. This appears to be too much work for these roaming marauders who prefer to use their bullets indiscriminately to stop vehicles on highways, killing the drivers and any other unfortunate passengers, before kidnapping the leftover survivors and herding them into our vast ungoverned bushes and forests,” he lamented. (New Telegraph) An Ambrose Alli University lecturer, Mallam U. C. Aliu has been called out for physically assaulting two students over an incident. The students were left with marks on their faces after being slapped by the lecturer.  The university's National Association Of Students Activist has taken up the case in a letter… In "Metro" Auchi (Edo)- Miss Winifred Uduimho, the winner of 2016/2017 Nigeria Beauty Queen Pageant has called for concerted efforts in tackling domestic violence against women in the country.   Uduimho made the call in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Saturday in Auchi, Etsako West Local Government… In "News" Ambrose Alli University, AAU Ekpoma Post-UTME/Direct Entry screening for for 2017/2018 academic session is out. AAU Ekpoma Post-UTME Cut-off mark is 160. Both UTME and Direct Entry candidates must register and participate in the admission screening exercise in order to be considered for admission. Ambrose Alli University, Ekpoma invites all… In "Education"