North Korean Foreign Minister, Ri Son Gwon, has rejected an offer by the United States to hold negotiations without any preconditions about the secretive state’s nuclear weapons programme.  “We are not considering even the possibility of any contact with the U.S., let alone having it, which would get us nowhere,’’ he said in a statement on Wednesday night. Such talks would only take up “precious time”, the foreign minister was cited as saying by the state-run agency KCNA. Kim Yo Jong, the influential sister of North Korean ruler Kim Jong Un, on Tuesday, accused the U.S. of having false expectations after its special envoy to North Korea had again held out the possibility of talks without preconditions during a visit to Seoul on Monday. Talks between Washington and Pyongyang have not made progress since a failed summit in Vietnam in 2019 between then-president of the U.S., Donald Trump and Kim Jong Un. Since U.S. President Joe Biden took office, North Korea has appeared to adopt a wait-and-see approach. Kim said last week his isolated country must be “prepared for both dialogue and confrontation’’ with the U.S. North Korea has made it clear several times since 2019 that it is not interested in new talks unless Washington submits new proposals.  (dpa/NAN) Seoul -  World leaders welcomed prospects for possible thaw in the long standoff over North Korea’s nuclear weapons programme on Friday after U.S. President Donald Trump said he was prepared to hold unprecedented meeting with North Korean leader, Kim Jong-Un. Trump and Kim prompted jitters around the world in 2017… In "Foreign" By Josh Smith North Korea lashed out at the United States and its allies in South Korea on Sunday in a series of statements saying recent comments from Washington are proof of a hostile policy that requires a corresponding response from Pyongyang. The statements, carried on state news agency KCNA,… In "Top Stories" Moscow - North Korea intends to break off denuclearisation talks with the U.S., a senior North Korean diplomat said on Friday in comments carried by Russian state media. “We have no intention to yield to the U.S. demands in any form, nor are we willing to engage in negotiations of… In "Foreign"