By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –   The Peoples Democratic Party, (PDP) on Wednesday  suspended Delta Senator, Peter Nwaoboshi over ‘anti-party’ activities. Nwaoboshi, who is the Chairman, Senate Committee on the Niger Delta Development Commission, (NDDC), was suspended on Wednesday according to a statement signed by the state publicity secretary of the PDP, Ifeanyi Osuoza. It was gathered that Nwaoboshi’s suspension was due to his recent verbal attacks on the state governor, Ifeanyi Okowa. The statement read in part; “The State Working Committee (SWC) of the Delta State Chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), rising from an emergency meeting, has suspended the Senator representing Delta North Senatorial District in the National Assembly, Senator Peter Onyeluka Nwaoboshi, for a period of one month.” “This action has become necessary against the backdrop of the recent romance with an opposition party, verbal recklessness, and unprovoked utterances of Senator Peter Nwaoboshi, particularly against the person of His Excellency, Senator Dr. Ifeanyi Okowa, the Executive Governor of Delta State, which the PDP State Working Committee views strongly as totally unacceptable, disturbing and unbecoming of a politician and party member of his stature. “The PDP State Working Committee is in no doubt that the rash, unguarded, confused and heavily noxious, and vitriolic attacks by Senator Nwaoboshi, a serving Senator and a very recent Chairman of our great party, are potentially inimical to the peace and harmony of the party and tantamount to causing discord and disaffection among loyal party members.” “The suspension, therefore, though obligatory, has sadly become imperative and inevitable, especially given the dramatic spontaneity and overzealousness of his verbal attacks, which are totally out of character and may have suspiciously been induced by circumstances which defy immediate rational analysis and comprehension. By Wandoo Sombo Abuja - The Federal High Court Abuja on Wednesday, sacked Sen. Peter Nwaoboshi, the senator-elect for Delta North Senatorial District. Justice Ahmed Mohammed gave the order while delivering judgment in a suit filed by Mr Ned Nwoko challenging the election of Nwaoboshi as the candidate of the… In "News" The Court of Appeal in Abuja has reversed the April 3, 2019 judgment of the Federal High Court, Abuja which sacked Senator Peter Nwaoboshi as the candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) for Delta North Senatorial seat. Justice Mohammed Idris, in the lead judgment, held that the suit by… In "Politics" By Harrison Aruba   Abuja    -     Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) leaders in northern axis of Oshimili North Local Government Area in Delta say the elective position desirable to them in 2019 is House of Assembly seat. The leaders made this known in a communiqué released to newsmen in Abuja on… In "News"