The National Primary Health Care Development Agency (NPHCDA) has given an update concerning those who took coronavirus vaccines in Nigeria.  According to NPHCDA, 10,027 Nigerians reported mild, moderate and severe side effects after taking the first dose of COVID-19. Dr Faisal Shuaib, the Executive Director of NPHCDA, disclosed that the number of Nigerians reported mild, moderate and adverse effects Following Immunization, AEFI, after their first dose of the vaccine. Shuaib said those affected experienced symptoms ranging from pains and swelling at the vaccination site to headaches and abdominal pains, among others. He disclosed this during a press conference held yesterday in Abuja while giving an update on the COVID-19 vaccination. According to the NPHCDA boss: “There have been cases of mild, moderate and severe Adverse Events Following Immunization (AEFI) since we officially rolled out Covid-19 vaccination on March 15, 2021. The AEFls symptoms ranged from pain and swelling at site of vaccination to more serious symptoms such as headaches, abdominal pain, fever, dizziness and allergic reactions. “A total of 10,027 cases of mild AEFI have been reported as of May 30”, while 86 cases of moderate to severe incidents have been reported. All these individuals have since fully recovered. “Five States have the highest records of AEF! namely: Cross River (1,040), Kaduna (1,071), Lagos (796), Yobe (555), and Kebbi with 525 cases. “We acknowledge the possibility of some people relocating from the States where they took their first doses. For this reason, we have made provision for special vaccination sites that could accommodate administering their second doses. It is also possible that due to certain circumstances, some of the sites used for the first dose vaccination may no longer be available; in this case, you are kindly advised to go for your second dose at the nearest vaccination post. The list of the vaccination sites is available on our website (www.nphcda.gov.ng), which we will keep updating and will also be published accordingly. Please bear with us while we try to make the vaccination process as seamless as possible.”  Source The National Primary Health Care Development Agency (NPHCDA) on Thursday said Nigeria has not observed any adverse reactions to the Oxford-AstraZeneca vaccine. It said the batch suspended by some European countries was different from what the country got. Denmark and Norway were among the countries that temporarily halted the use… In "Health" An electronic platform has been opened by the Federal Government for Nigerians to register in order to get coronavirus vaccine. The platform was launched on Monday. The T.E.A.C.H strategy, which combines indigenous (traditional) approaches with modern technologically enabled systems of vaccination, will leverage experiences gained during the polio immunization programs.… In "Health" Following demands by Nigerians, the Federal Government may extend the ongoing vaccination against Coronavirus by two weeks. The first phase of the vaccination is expected to end today by the Federal Government’s timeline. At least 1.2 million doses of AstraZeneca vaccines have been administered on Nigerians. According to the Executive… In "Features"