By Chibuike Nwabuko. Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  The federal lawmaker representing Imo North Senatorial District in the red chamber, Senator Frank Ibezim, has thrown his weight behind the clamour for an additional state to be created for the South East region, to balance some political equations. “Additional state for the region would go a long way to pacify the people and calm nerves,” the lawmaker said. This is also as he has suggested that restructuring will the country will help strengthen the nation’s democracy. Speaking to Journalists in Abuja on Friday, on the gains of democracy, to mark the 2021 democracy day celebration, Senator Ibezim also remarked that, democracy had faired well in Nigeria, compared to the days of military regimes. He said during the military era, due to some draconian laws, people were not supposed to speak against the government; “but today, people have freedom to speak and you have free speeches also”. On the clamour for restructuring and secession, the lawmaker said it was high time the government listened to the people and harmonized the differences to ensure peace is restored. “Now, most Nigerians are calling for peace, and I believe that, with the challenges of our time, maybe it is a way to eventually help this nation. So, I can’t throw away those that are talking about succession. “All I want for Nigerians is to listen to everybody, because by the time you listen to everybody we will be able to come together. I believe that, this is a great country. I believe that there is hope for positive development and I believe that now is the time for us to look inwards and work together”, Ibezim said. He said restructuring the country would further strengthen the unity of the people and restore peace and security. Senator Ibezim, while throwing his weight behind creation of additional state in the South East, added that, it could only be possible through the instrumentality of the amendment of the 1999 constitution, which process is currently ongoing. He called on Nigerians, especially, agitating groups to remain calm and await the outcomes of the constitution amendment process, which he said would address many issues raised by various groups. It would be recalled that, the South East region is the only geopolitical zone in Nigeria with only 5 States. Each of the South South, South West, North Central and North East has 6 States, while the North West had 7 States. Attempts to create additional states under the current democracy have failed, due to botched constitution amendment processes and unimplemented resolutions of national conferences. •Senator Frank Ibezim  OWERRI - The Senator representing Imo North Senatorial Zone at the Upper Chamber of the National Assembly, Frank Ibezim has been formerly received by  Governor Hope Uzodimma who admonished him to be a good ambassador for Imo State in general and Okigwe zone in particular. The Imo… In "Politics" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - Former Vice President Atiku Abubakar, has described as shocking and saddening, the decision of the APC-led Senate to block the passage of Bill No. 3, which would have granted devolution of power to the states. In a statement released by his media office in Abuja, Atiku… In "Top Stories" By Rotimi Ijikanmi   Abuja   -    The Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed said the President Muhammadu Buhari’s Administration should not be blamed for the infrastructural deficit in the country. The Minister stated this on Monday when he featured alongside other guests on the Nigeria Television Authority programme,… In "News"