 Reigning Wimbledon women’s singles champion Simona Halep has announced her withdrawal from this year’s championships due to a calf injury, the All-England Club announced on Friday.  The 29-year-old Halep won the 2019 Wimbledon title and was seeded second this year, with last year’s tournament having been canceled due the pandemic. The Romanian retired from the second round in last month’s Italian Open and has not competed since. “It is with great sadness that I’m announcing my withdrawal from the Championships as my calf injury has not fully recovered,” said Halep. “I can honestly say that I’m really down and upset about having to take this decision. “This period has been difficult but to miss the last two majors has made it even more challenging mentally and physically,” said the current world number three, who also missed this year’s French Open. Earlier this month, Japan’s Naomi Osaka also announced her withdrawal from this year’s Wimbledon. The women’s singles world number two had also withdrawn from this year’s French Open, citing mental health issues. In the men’s singles, 20-time Grand Slam winner Rafael Nadal also decided to skip Wimbledon as well as the Tokyo Olympic Games. US Open champion Dominic Thiem has pulled out of the tournament in London with a wrist injury. (NAN) By Victor Okoye   Abuja   -      The Australian Open usually promises to be a Grand Slam pretty much unparalleled, but this is not just because of its being the year’s first major event in the sport. This year’s edition is already witnessing the absence of some key… In "Sports" Simona Halep has beaten Serena Williams 6-2, 6-2 to win the 2019 Wimbledon women’s final and stalled Williams’ dream of equalling Margaret Court’s 24 single Grand Slam titles record. It was Halep’s first Wimbledon title and the first by a Romanian for that matter. And it took her 56 minute… In "Sports" LONDON   -  Serena Williams was considered a ‘dangerous floater’ a week ago, but halfway through Wimbledon the American now looks favourite to win an eighth, and perhaps most special, title. The exodus of seeded players has been so spectacular that only one of the top 10 remains — number… In "Sports"