Chancellor Angela Merkel is scheduled to face questioning by members of the Bundestag for the last time on Wednesday.  Among other things, she will probably be asked about the government’s Coronavirus policies.  The conservative politician, who had been at the helm of German politics for over 15 years, bows out this year and plans not to run again in the Bundestag elections in September. The Bundestag meets this week for the last regular session of the legislative period before the elections. In a question and answer session, the parliament also plans to discuss the withdrawal of NATO troops from Afghanistan, which began on May 1 and is to be completed by September 11 at the latest. The Bundeswehr has also been bringing soldiers back to Germany for some time and most of its base in Mazar-i-Sharif has already been handed over to Afghan forces. Since the beginning of the withdrawal, the Taliban have recaptured 50 districts. Afghanistan is divided into 34 provinces and about 400 districts. The Bundestag also wants to discuss the final report of an investigation committee into motorway tolls and housing policy.  (dpa/NAN)  Berlin   -    German Chancellor Angela Merkel on Wednesday took her campaign trail online with a live-streamed interview as she fields questions from YouTube stars in an appeal to young voters. Four prominent YouTube personalities, with a collective audience of around three million subscribers, are set to quiz the chancellor less… In "Foreign" Berlin  -  Chancellor Angela Merkel is set to appear on Thursday before an investigative committee of the German parliament looking into the extent of National Security Agency (NSA) spying and alleged cooperation by the country’s own intelligence service. The session will centre on allegations of eavesdropping on one of Merkel’s mobile… In "Foreign" Berlin  -    German President Frank-Walter Steinmeier on Tuesday said new “walls of alienation, disappointment and anger” had replaced the physical wall that divided Germany until 27 years ago. According to a transcript of his speech for German Unity Day, Steinmeier said that the country had come a long way since… In "Foreign"