Apex Igbo body Ohanaeze Ndigbo has urged President Buhari and the federal government to adopt dialogue rather than use of force in resolving the present national crises.  Addressing a world press conference at the Ohanaeze Headquarters in Enugu the President General Ambassador George Obiozor also urged the government to investigate the destruction of lives in the South East. He noted that the use of military and violent means to solve national problem leads to fractionalization and anarchy. “To secure Nigeria, to develop Nigeria and to have peace, the federal government should immediately engage all Nigerian groups through their various leaders in an urgent dialogue. READ Protest turns to jubilation as Mbaka returns to Enugu“Dialogue is what patriotic Nigerians and international community is now expecting of Nigerian leadership to resolve the current problem.” Obiozor stressed that Igbo will not support the break-up of Nigeria but will not be victims of Nigeria Unity. He however, advised Igbo youths against acts of violence and destruction of government institutions and facilities.Ends. THE apex Igbo socio-cultural organisation Ohanaeze Ndigbo Worldwide on Thursday said those encroaching on land in Alaigbo were provoking their people and Igbo deities. Ohanaeze President General, Prof. George Obiozor, who stated this during a press conference in Enugu, declared that “there is no ‘No Man’s Land’ in Igbo land”.… In "News" Ahead of the election of a new Ohanaeze Ndigbo President-General in January next year, the Director-General of Voice of Nigeria (VON), Osita Okechukwu has appealed to Ndigbo to vote for a true Zikist among the five candidates from Imo State vying for the position. Okechukwu insisted that the next Ohanaeze… In "News" A former Nigerian ambassador to the United States, Israel and Cyprus, Prof. George Obiozor, has emerged the President-General of Ohanaeze Ndigbo. Obiozor emerged in an election held at Dan Anyim Stadium in Owerri, the Imo State capital. This was even as other candidates for the position boycotted the election. Chief… In "News"