ABUJA – Attorney General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Alhaji Abubakar Malami, SAN, has described as false report alleging that there was a secret memo emanating from his office to the Presidency. In a statement signed by his Special Adviser on Media, Dr. Umar Jibrilu Gwandu, the AGF urged the public to disregard the media report. “Malami remains a true democrat who believes in rules of law and tenant of democracy and Constitutional order. “The Office of the Attorney-General of the Federation and Minister of Justice is a constitutionally recognised one with its role and responsibilities embedded in the constitution. “It is antithetical to common sense to think that the holder of such coveted Office as the Attorney-General of the Federation and Minister of Justice will stoop to what was printed by the media. “The Government does not operate in secrecy as it is not a clandestine operation. Hence, Malami discharges his constitutionally recognized mandates in compliance with principles of transparency, openness and accountability.“ The Attorney-General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami, SAN, has said that he was not in any way connected with the dethronement of the former Emir of Kano, Muhammadu Sanusi II and his subsequent banishment to Nassarawa State. Malami made this known in a statement issued in… In "Politics" The Attorney-General of the Federation (AGF) and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami, has said his non-appearance at Justice Ayo Salami Panel of Inquiry probing the suspended Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Ibrahim Magu is based on constitutional consideration. Malami, in a statement by his media aide,… In "News" By Ebere Agozie Abuja - The Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami SAN, says the recovery agents engaged by his office are institutional recovery agents for the federal government. Dr Umar Gwandu, Special Assistant to the Minister on Media and Public Relations made the clarification in a statement on Friday in… In "News"