The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board on Wednesday has disclosed that over 500,000 fake candidates were uncovered following the introduction of the National Identification Number in the 2021/2022 exam registration.  Prof. Isha’q Oloyede, the Registrar and Chief Executive of JAMB disclosed this during a press conference in Enugu, during his visit to the South-East to access the conduct of the Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination as well as to visit the new university in Ebonyi. The registrar said the use of the NIN as directed by the Federal Government helped to reduce examination malpractice. He said, “Before the introduction of NIN in the registration, there were about 2.2 million candidates for the examination, but after the introduction of NIN, over 500,000 candidates were discovered to be fake.” He disclosed that the actual number of candidates that JAMB registered for UTME 2021 was 1,415,501, and out of it, 1,122,095 candidates had taken the examinations, while 66,111 candidates had yet to take. According to him, the board has 650 examination centres across the country, out of which 30 centres have been delisted for performing below standard. “Fifty three centres are currently under watch, while 600 of them performed excellently.” The examination body added that the students who visited a particular centre but could not take the examination would be rescheduled and a new date fixed.  Source •JAMB Registrar, Professor Is-haq Oloyede ENUGU - The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB) says the result of the 2021 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME) will be released on June 23. The JAMB Registrar, Professor Is-haq Oloyede, disclosed this on Wednesday during a news conference in Enugu. Oloyede said he had no… In "Education" The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB) says the result of the 2021 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME) will be released on June 23. The JAMB Registrar, Prof. Is-haq Oloyede, disclosed this on Wednesday during a news conference in Enugu. Oloyede said he had no reason whatsoever to withhold the… In "Education" •Prof Ishaq Oloyede, JAMB registrar The possibility of shifting the date for the 2021 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME) is very high, the Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB) has said. Prof. Ishaq Oloyede, Registrar, JAMB made this known during a virtual meeting with 2021 UTME Committee Members on Friday.… In "Education"