ENUGU – The metropolitan Archbishop of Enugu Anglican Province, Most Rev. Emmanuel Chukwuma, has described the extradition of the leader of Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) Nnamdi Kanu as a good development to Igboland. Speaking in Enugu, Archbishop Chukwuma, who accused the IPOB leader of not appreciating the people like Senator Enyinnaya Abaribe who secured bail for him, stated that with his extradition, the ongoing violence in the southeast would be highly reduced. His words: “I think his extradition is a good development which will bring a little bit of calm and peace to the boys he has been instigating and to Igboland so that we can have a peaceful atmosphere. “Nnamdi Kanu jumped bail. He did not appreciate Senator Abaribe and others who secured the bail for him. Rather, when he was abroad, he was instigating people to cause confusion. We warned him severally to stop that. “It’s not only that, we felt that if you are a leader and you are part of the problem of Nigeria, you should come down here so we can discuss with others on how to solve the problem. First of all, settle this case for which you jumped bail. “Let him face the music and then come out and let us know what his view about Biafra and agitation is. We will then do it with dialogue instead of all this violence and killing which I totally condemn. We don’t want violence. We don’t want killings and destruction of our properties,” he said. On the fears that Kanu might be eliminated in the process, Archbishop Chukwuma declared that would amount to looking for the trouble of the Igbo. “We will not allow him to be eliminated. Let him face his trial and judgement. They cannot eliminate anybody like that. If they eliminate him, then they are looking for more trouble,” he said. (The Nation) •IPOB Leader Nnamdi Kanu ABUJA - Proscribed separatist group Indigenous Peoples of Biafra (IPOB) is targeting Southeast governors, Ohanaeze President Nnia Nwodo and Chief of Army Staff (COAS),  Lt. Gen Tukur Buratai for attacks abroad, its leader Nnamdi Kanu, said on Sunday. He also announced a reward of N1 million… In "Top Stories" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Senator representing Abia South, Senator Enyinnaya Abaribe, has written the Nigerian High Commissioner to Israel, His Excellency, Enoch Duchi, to confirm if the leader of the Indigenous Peoples of Biafra (IPOB), Nnamdi Kanu, is in Israel. Abaribe wrote through his lawyer, Chukwuma-Machukwu Ume, SAN. The senator,… In "Top Stories" The Presidency has said that those demanding for the whereabouts of the leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, Nnamdi Kanu should direct their inquiries to those who signed Kanu’s bail in April. President Muhammadu Buhari’s Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu made the remark on… In "News"