A rugby player on Uganda’s national team has disappeared from his hotel in Monaco where the team was isolated.  The team was in isolation after some members tested positive for COVID-19 ahead of the repechage qualifier for the Tokyo Olympics. Uganda Rugby Union in a statement said the player, James Odong, was being looked for by security authorities in Monaco. The world rugby body withdrew Uganda from the competition because of the COVID-19 cases in the team. The team was placed in isolation in Monaco. Uganda has of late had incidents of its players testing positive in a foreign country after testing negative before travel. The most recent has been two of its athletes to the Tokyo Olympics who tested positive in Japan ahead of the Games scheduled for next month. The East African country is grappling with the second wave of the COVID-19 pandemic which has seen the country registering over 1,000 cases daily. The country is currently under a partial lockdown aimed at limiting the spread of the virus. Ministry of Health figures show that as of Thursday, the country’s cumulative confirmed cases were at 77,505 since March last year. (Xinhua/NAN) Lagos  - The World Rugby Federation, on Thursday announced that Monaco and Dublin would host the final rugby sevens qualifying tournaments for the Rio 2016 Olympic Games. A statement released by Eoin McHugh, the tournament communications manager for World Rugby announced. It said that Monaco would host the men’s tournament… In "Sports" By KIM TONG-HYUNG SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — The coronavirus pandemic has taken over daily lives around the globe, overwhelming hospitals, shuttering schools and offices, halting U.S. presidential campaign rallies and world sports while increasing fears about the financial toll. The intensifying spread of COVID-19 beyond Asia has dashed hopes… In "Foreign" Rome – Italian second tier side Venezia have suspended training after one of their players tested positive for COVID-19, the club said in a statement.The Serie B side, were due to visit Pordenone on Saturday in their first match since the three-month coronavirus stoppage, said the case was detected in… In "Sports"