The FCT Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), says it responded to 82 flood cases, saved 421 lives and property worth more than N102 million in 2020. Director-General (D-G) of the agency, Alhaji Abbas Idris, made this known at the 2021 “Flood Outlook and Review of FCT Emergency Preparedness and Response Plan (EPRP)’’ on Wednesday in Abuja. Idris also said that during the period, the Search and Rescue Teams of FEMA responded to 53 road accidents and saved 89 lives and property worth more than N36 million. He further said that the agency responded to 584 emergency calls on fire outbreaks of which 2,029 lives were saved. The director-general said that 15 lives were lost and property worth more than one billion naira were salvaged in the incidents. Similarly, he said that the agency received 40 calls on psycho-social issues from the Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) settlements in which no life was lost. “In summary, the Search and Rescue Team received and responded to a total of 768 distress calls out of which 27 were false alarm. “On the same course, the FCT experienced two building collapse in which three lives were lost, 34 lives rescued, while property worth more than N84 million were salvaged. “Also in 2020, the agency responded to two cases of electrocution. This was as a result of tree branches coming in contact with power lines,’’ he said. Idris appealed to the Department of Parks and Recreation to intensify its monitoring activities to ensure that trees close to power lines were pruned to avoid loss of lives. He said the flood outlook was aimed at strategising in terms of prevention, mitigation and response to flood prediction released by the Nigerian Hydrological Services Agency. Idris said that it also provided opportunity to update and strengthen the emergency preparedness and response plan which clearly spells out specific roles for all actors in emergency in the FCT. “You will agree with me that as at the time of our last review meeting in 2017, issues such as kidnappings, banditry, earth tremor and other emerging threats were not so challenging in terms of complexity and frequency of occurrence. “Today, these emerging and complex disaster challenges have made the review of our disaster response plan a necessity, hence, the need to organise this event,’’ Idris said. Mr Clement Nze, the Director-General, National Hydrological Services Agency, commended FEMA for the proactive measures to mitigate disaster in FCT. Representatives of the National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA), Federal Airport Authority of Nigeria (FAAN), National Orientation Agency (NOA), Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), FCT Directorate of Road Traffic Services and the DSS attended the event. (NAN) ABUJA - The Federal Capital Territory Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) has said that it saved 435 lives and property worth N3.71billion in between January and October 2014 through prompt response to emergency calls. Alhaji Abbas Idris, the FEMA director, who made this known in an interview with the News Agency… In "News" By Salisu Sani-Idris Abuja - FCT Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) on Sunday advised residents of the Federal Capital Territory to avoid Flood flash points during downpour. The Director-General of the agency, Alhaji Abbas Idriss, gave the advice during interactive session with newsmen in Abuja. Idriss said the advise became necessary… In "News" ABUJA - The Federal Capital Territory Administration Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) has urged residents to take extra care to avoid fire outbreak during the yuletide season. Alhaji Abbas Idriss, Director of FEMA, gave the advice in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja on Tuesday. Idriss… In "News"