 The National Association of Polytechnic Students (NAPS) has condemned in strong terms the attack and abduction of some students of Nuhu Bamali Polytechnic, Zaria by bandits. The student body, while reacting to the latest abduction, gave the Kaduna State government seven days ultimatum to secure the release of the staff and students, insisting that failure to comply might incur the wrath of Nigerian students in the state. In a joint communiqué signed by the NAPS President, Olalere Olatunji and Asuku Sunday, the students described the attacks on educational institutions as becoming unbearable, a trend that must be halted by all means. Their positions were corroborated by Salahudeen Lukman, ex-NAPS President, who decried a situation where students are used as baits for ransom collection, stressing that the government needs to rise up to its primary responsibility of protecting the lives and property of every citizen. On the recent suspension of the 65-day industrial action by the Academic Staff Union of Polytechnics ASUP, the students urged the government to be more accountable by honouring existing agreements so as to create stability in tertiary institutions. “After extensive deliberation and robust review of the state of NAPS both present and past including the state of the Polytechnic sector generally, the following resolution was reached. We are worried and dissatisfied over incessant kidnapping of students, especially polytechnic and monotechnics campuses nationwide. “We condemn the attack on Nuhu Bamali Polytechnic, Zaria by a bandit who abducted yet be ascertained the number of students and staff over the night.We call on government at all levels to intensify efforts in securing our campuses nationwide. The government of Kaduna state is hereby given 7 days ultimatum to secure the release of our students in the hand of bandits,” their communiqué stated. NAPS also intimated President Muhammadu Buhari to speedily assent to the HND/BSc dichotomy prohibition bill recently passed by the Senate once transmitted to the presidency. According to the student body, the House of Representatives should take a cue from the Senate to also pass the bill, so as to put a stop to the long-drawn dichotomy between HND and BSc degree holders.  (Nigerian Tribune) According to SaharaReporters, the management of the Nuhu Bamali Polytechnic in Kaduna State has announced the indefinite suspension of academic activities in the institution. A memo signed by the Acting Registrar noted that the suspension was necessary after Thursday's attack on the institution by gunmen. The memo titled, 'Indefinite Suspension… In "News" Some unknown gunmen have invaded the residence of a traditional ruler and shot him dead. The tragic incident happened in Kaduna. According to TheCable, Haruna Kuye, district head of Gidan Zaki, Zangon Kataf local government area of Kaduna state was killed in the early hours of Tuesday. Kuye and his… In "News" KADUNA - Gunmen suspected to be kidnappers have attacked the Nuhu Bamali Polytechnic, Zaria in Kaduna State, abducting scores of students and lecturers in the institution. An eyewitness told one of our correspondents that the gunmen invaded the school located along the Zaria-Kaduna Expressway last night. “The gunmen attacked the… In "Top Stories"