ABUJA – Controversial Islamic cleric, Sheikh Ahmad Gumi, has declared that criminal herdsmen (bandits) are better than members of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB). In his explanation of his position, Gumi submitted that the bandits and herdsmen commit crimes that are not as weighty as those committed by IPOB members. Speaking, on Wednesday, during an appearance on Arise TV, Sheikh Gumi declared that IPOB kills security operatives expected to protect Nigerians but the herdsmen only kidnap children to make money through ransom. He, therefore, submitted that it is unfair to compare the two groups. Gumi called for “fairness” in the comparison between the two groups, saying one “is killing our gallant men” while the other is “kidnapping children to make money and not to kill them. “IPOB is attacking the police, the army, Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) and other government institutions; killing our men in service. “And the herdsmen are kidnapping children not to kill them but to get money; so how can you compare somebody who is killing our gallant men directly to somebody who is kidnapping children to make money and not to kill them. Look, we need some fairness in what we are doing.” •Governor Ortom MAKURDI - Benue State Governor Samuel Ortom on Saturday disclosed how he survived an assassination attempt by killer herdsmen even as he called on President Muhammadu Buhari and security agencies to fish out the criminals terrorising the state. Ortom spoke to reporters after surviving an attack allegedly carried out… In "Top Stories" Investigation by Vanguard have revealed that over 86 persons have been killed, with hundreds maimed following invasions of different Delta State communities in recent years. Operating in over 30 camps in the Delta forests, the criminal herdsmen have kidnapped and tortured many individuals they could lay their hands on and… In "Metro" EKITI -  Governor Ayodele Fayose of Ekiti State had has said that there could be reprisal attacks on Fulani herdsmen in the state if they did not desist from invading communities in Ekiti State and attacking the people. Reacting to Fulani herdsmen's invasion of Oke Ako in Ikole local government… In "Top Stories"