Australian city Melbourne’s COVID-19 lockdown eased on Thursday midnight, while states remained on high alert as the investigation into an infected couple continued.  Victoria lifted its two-week lockdown in the capital city of Melbourne with the outbreak relatively under control, while results from a COVID-infected couple’s contacts were still outstanding in the state of Queensland.  The pair were confirmed to be infected in Queensland after they left Victoria on June 1, four days after a statewide lockdown, and traveled by car through regional New South Wales (NSW) into Queensland when stopping at multiple venues along the way. Although no new cases of the virus were recorded in both NSW and Queensland overnight, Queensland Chief Health Officer Jeannette Young, told local media that they identified 316 close contacts and only 41 results returned so far and tested negative. Young said 959 people have also notified Queensland Health that they had been to one of the “close contact’’ or “casual contact’’ exposure venues, with up to 402 of those considered close contacts. Queensland Deputy Police commissioner, Steve Gollschewski, said police were still waiting to interview the Victorian couple who were currently in isolation at a local hospital but would have to wait until it was safe to do so. He also revealed that five new people were caught trying to illegally enter Queensland after being in Victoria when police randomly checked more than 3,340 vehicles. From Friday, Victorians from regional parts of the state were now permitted to enter Queensland, pending declarations, but those in metropolitan Melbourne were banned without an exemption from the state’s health department.  (Xinhua/NAN) •A group of police and soldiers patrol the Docklands area of Melbourne on August 2, 2020, after the announcement of new restrictions to curb the spread of the COVID-19 coronavirus.   AFP Australia imposed an overnight curfew on its second-biggest city Sunday and banned people from moving more than five kilometres… In "Foreign" Ghana’s president, Nana Akufo Addo has lifted the partial lockdown imposed in the country to stem the spread of coronavirus, but the ban on gatherings is still in place, local media reported. The ease in restrictions came into effect from 1.00 a.m. local time (0100GMT) on Monday, according to News… In "Foreign" Melbourne (Australia) - New South Wales (NSW) deputy premier John Barilaro says his state will be willing to act as a temporary host for major sports events such as the Australian Open tennis Grand Slam. Barilaro said on Friday however that this should be if those events cannot be held… In "Foreign"