Sen. Istifanus Gyang (PDP-Plateau North) has called for the amendment of the Electoral Act for Nigeria to have credible elections. Gyang stated this on Monday in Jos while addressing newsmen on his midterm report in the National Assembly.According to the lawmaker, the electoral act currently in use is outdated and does take into consideration the current realities.“Until we have an electoral act with the necessary amendments, our elections will continue to be a sham.“I am a member of the Senate Committee on INEC, and I must tell you that we have done a lot of work on the necessary amendments.“I am the one who sponsored the bill providing for the amendment of the electoral act. “The National Assembly must pass an Electoral Act Amendment Bill that makes provision for electronic transmission of results from voting points.“If there is no electronic transfer, there is going to be tempering with the outcome of elections.”He said that provision needed be made for legal backing for use of the card reader so that it would have evidential value before the court of law.According him, such are the ways to guarantee the credibility of the electoral process.Gyang stated that the Senate would face the passage of the Electoral Act Amendment Bill when lawmakers returned from their two-week recess.The senator expressed optimism that once the act was reviewed and eventually passed, it would be assented to by President Muhammadu Buhari.The Bill attempts to address a plethora of issues peculiar to Nigeria’s polity such as the cost of politics, internal democracy, the use of technological innovations and fills gaps in extant provisions.  (NAN) Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  Barely 24 hours after President Muhammadu Buhari  declined signing the Electoral (Amendment) Bill 2018 into law, he has given reasons as to why he declined assent, saying that it was capable of derailing preparations for 2019 polls. Recall It was the fourth time he would be… In "Top Stories" By Emmanuel Oloniruha Abuja  -  Mr Mohammed Nalado, National Chairman, Inter-Party Advisory Council (IPAC) has commended the National Assembly for amending the 2010 Electoral Act. Nalado told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Friday in Abuja that the amendment was timely, “as the country is preparing for 2019 general… In "News" By Teddy Nwanunobi Abuja (Sundiata Post) — Ahead of the 2019 general elections, the Senate, on Thursday, passed the amendments to the Electoral Act 2010, approving the use of electronic voting in future elections. The Upper Legislative Chamber also approved that election results should be electronically transmitted to collation centers. The passage… In "Top Stories"