The All Progressives Congress (APC) has commended President Muhammadu Buhari for appointing Mr Ahmed Habib as Director-General of National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA).  Sen. John Akpanudoedehe, National Secretary, APC Caretaker and Extra-ordinary Convention Planning Committee (CECPC), said this in a statement in Abuja on Wednesday. He congratulated Habib for the appointment, saying it was in recognition of his loyalty and selfless service to the country.  “We trust in your capacity to acquit yourself creditably well in your new assignment, the party is quite appreciative of this gesture of President Muhammadu Buhari and wish you the very best in this endeavour,’’ he said. Akpanudoedehe described the new NEMA boss as a man with extensive experience that spanned about 25 years across various sectors. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Habib is a member of boards of corporate, political and youth organisations.  He was the national chairman of Progressive People’s Alliance from 2010 to 2011. His appointment was announced by Alhaji Garba Shehu, spokesperson for President Muhammadu Buhari. Habib who hailed from Jigawa and a Business Administration graduate from Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria, took over from retired AVM Muhammadu Muhammad. He was a member of the APC Presidential Campaign Council in 2019 and has been the national chairman of the National Committee for Buhari Support Groups since 2015.  (NAN) The All Progressives Congress (APC) has assured that the pump price of petroleum products would not be increased in the new future. Senator John Akpanudoedehe, Secretary, APC Caretaker and Extra-Ordinary Convention Planning Committee (CECPC) gave the assurance on Tuesday in Abuja. He spoke at an event organised by APC Professionals’… In "Politics" The ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) has urged the new Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Abdulrasheed Bawa, to fight corruption without discrimination. In a statement on Thursday in Abuja by the Secretary of its Caretaker/Extra-Ordinary Convention Planning Committee (CECPC), Senator John James Akpanudoedehe, the party advised… In "News" The All Progressives Congress (APC) on Sunday in Abuja, said the Federal Government has no plans to slash salaries of civil servants as alleged by the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). Sen. John Akpanudoedehe, National Secretary, APC Caretaker and Extra-ordinary Convention Planning Committee (CECPC), debunked the allegation in a statement. The… In "News"