Olamide Adedeji, the popular rapper and YBNL honcho, who is popularly known as Olamide, has said that he went through hell trying to make it as a young artiste. He also explained that this is why he is passionate about supporting up-and-coming entertainers. In an interview with Apple Music’s Africa Now Radio, the Durosoke rapper said, “I took it as a personal thing, like, ‘Bro, I went through hell before I got here. Now, I’m here’. If I have any opportunity to bring up anyone that I know, then I would do anything to make sure that person makes it.” Speaking on the reception that his latest album, UY Scuti has enjoyed, he stated, “It has been amazing. It’s like I just started my career all over again and trust me, if I knew that it would have been this big, I would have been doing this for a very long time. I feel like if there was no older version of Olamide, who had been through the street struggle, there wouldn’t be this version of Olamide that does ‘chilled’ music. But, in a way, it still appeals to street people.” Olamide also noted that his music was like a bridge between different sets of people. He added, “I feel like I’m one of, if not the number one person in Nigeria or Africa, whose music can bridge the gap between the old and the young, and the rich and the poor.”  On which African artistes he would like to collaborate with, the YBNL boss said, “I really like Cassper Nyovest. I like his music. I also like Black Coffee and Master KG, as well as Sauti Sol from Kenya. I love their music.”   Popular Nollywood actress, Genevieve Nnaji has been accused of being a lesbian and home breaker by popular gossip Instagram blog, Gist Lover. In a report by Gist Lover, Genevieve Nnaji allegedly snatched Olamide Agunloye (who is an alleged bisexual) from her husband, Dare Ajayi. Gist Lover further accused the multi-award… In "Entertainment" Nigerian hip-hop star, Olamide Adedeji, simply known as Olamide, has delivered on his promise to his fans as he has released his highly anticipated album — Uy Scuti. Uy Scuti is a red supergiant star in the constellation Scutum. It is considered one of the largest known stars. The album,… In "Entertainment" Nigerian rapper, Olamide has shared his experience with alcohol and hard drugs. The award winning Nigerian rapper said that mental health challenges and struggle with depression pushed him to drugs. The artiste who recently released an album, titled 'Carpe diem', revealed on a track that he was depressed at some… In "Entertainment"