Evelyn, wife of the late founder of the Synagogue Church of All Nations, Prophet Temitope Joshua, aka TB Joshua, on Wednesday, said the death of her husband was an act of God.  She spoke when a delegate from the Lagos State Governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, led by the Commissioner for Home Affairs, Prince Anofiu Elegushi, paid her a condolence visit in the Ikotun area of Lagos.  TB Joshua died in Lagos on Saturday at the age of 57. His widow, while speaking to officials of the state government, said the death did not come to her as a surprise. She said, “What happened was an act of God. There is time for everything, like my husband would say. That was the word I knew from him very well. This is the job he was known for. This is what he was living for. That is what he was going to die for. So, it didn’t come to me as a surprise. I wasn’t surprised when it happened. As we all know, he was in service that day. So, that’s it.” Joshua’s wife appealed to Sanwo-Olu to participate actively in her husband’s burial, which she said would be made public very soon. Speaking, Elegushi said, “We are here on the directive of the Lagos State Governor, Mr Babajide Olusola Sanwo-Olu to pay a condolence visit and offer prayers to the family of our beloved pastor and prophet TB Joshua.” The delegation later presented a condolence letter signed by the governor to the family of the deceased. Meanwhile, there are indications that the cleric’s family will meet before the end of this week on the burial arrangement. An uncle of the deceased, Alhaji Salisu Musa, who spoke to our correspondent, said the family would meet before the end of the week on the burial arrangement, adding that the members of the family were all in Lagos for a meeting. He said, “We are still in Lagos; we will meet before Friday to discuss everything about the burial arrangement, including the place of burial. So, by Friday evening, we would have concluded on it.” In the same vein, some traditional rulers in Akokoland have joined in the call for the burial of the cleric in Arigidi Akoko. The monarch of Oka Akoko, Oba Yusuf Adeleye, said, “His (Joshua) intervention during the three years’ blackout in Akoko will remain indelible in the annals of Akokoland,” he added. Similarly, the Akala of Ikaram Akoko and Chairman of the Akoko Northwest Local Government Council of Traditional Rulers Oba Abdrew Momodu, said the late pastor would not be remembered only for religion, but his philanthropic activities.  Source The family of the late Nigerian clergyman, Prophet TB Joshua has requested active participation of the Lagos State government during the burial of the founder of the Synagogue Church of All Nations (SCOAN), Sun News reports. The widow, Evelyn made the appeal when Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu paid a condolence visit… In "News" Three days after the demise of the founder of the Synagogue Church of All Nations, Pastor Temitope Joshua, his family members on Tuesday gathered in Lagos State to plan his burial. Joshua died in Lagos on Sunday at the age of 57. Speaking with our correspondent on the telephone on… In "News" •Late Pastor TB Joshua LAGOS - The Synagogue Church of All Nations (SCOAN) has confirmed death of its founder and General Overseer Prophet TB Joshua. It said Joshua died in Lagos on Saturday after concluding a church programme. His last words, according to the church, were “Watch and pray.” Joshua… In "Top Stories"