The Federal Government has said it is not happy with Twitter after the microblogging site refused to delete the account of Nnamdi Kanu, the leader of Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB.  This comes as the FG revealed that it approached Twitter for Kanu’s account to be taken down, but it was rejected. The country’s Minister of Information, Lai Mohammed, stated this while speaking on “Politics Nationwide”. Mohammed said it was unfair to conclude that Twitter was suspended in the country, because President Muhammadu Buhari’s message was deleted. He accused Twitter of consistently offering its platform to promote agenda that were inimical to the corporate existence of Nigeria, adding that the government was unambiguous that the action was taken because the platform was being used to promote the views of those who wanted to destabilise the clime. “Twitter has become a platform of choice for a particular separatist promoter. “The promoter consistently used the platform to direct his loyalists to kill Nigerian soldiers and policemen, run-down INEC offices and destroy all symbols of Nigeria’s sovereignty. “Every attempt to persuade Twitter to deny its platform to this separatist leader was not taken serious,” he said.  Source The Federal Government has accused Jack Dorsey and his microblogging platform, Twitter of being responsible for all the losses incurred during the EndSARS protest which led to the loss of lives and properties. The Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, stated this on Tuesday when he featured on… In "News" •Nnamdi Kanu ABUJA - One day after the Nigerian government announced a ban on the activities of Twitter, the popular microblogging platform has deleted ‘inciting’ tweets from Nnamdi Kanu, leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), a separatist group agitating for the Republic of Biafra. In the controversial tweet,… In "Top Stories" The Minister of Information and Tourism, Lai Mohammed has opened up that the government suspended Twitter because of the Indigenous People of Biafra and its leader, Nnamdi Kanu. According to him, IPOB and Nnamdi Kanu are using Twitter to destabilise Nigeria. Mohammed said this on Monday night during an interview… In "News"