Gov. Simon Lalong of Plateau, has extolled the contribution of former Super Eagles Captain, Mikel Obi, to sports development in Nigeria.  A statement by the Director of Press and Public Affairs, office of the governor, Dr Makut Macham, on Thursday in Jos, said the governor spoke when the former Nigeria international paid him a courtesy visit. The statement said Lalong described the international star as a pride to Plateau, where he started his football career. He urged the former Chelsea star to continue his good initiatives, and extend his contributions to other areas of investment in the state. Lalong said the state was famous for grooming stars in sports, music, academia, banking and administration, among others. He told Obi that the state would host an event tagged ‘Glorious Stars event’ alongside an Investment and Economic summit, to showcase its potential. He said the event would also reunite the stars that had emerged from Plateau over the years, saying the state was still a melting pot for all Nigerians and foreigners. Earlier in his remarks, Mikel Obi said he planned to increase his investment in Plateau, and also engage in other social development activities. He said the gesture was part of his efforts to give back to his place of birth and where his football career started, which had taken him to the global stage.  (NAN) By Polycarp Auta Jos - The Plateau Chapter of the Sports Writers Association of Nigeria (SWAN), has congratulated Gov. Simon Lalong over his victory at the tribunal. Messrs  Thaddeus Yilmen and Agabus Pwanagba,  Chairman and Secretary, made the congratulation in a statement they issued on Friday in Jos. “SWAN in… In "News" By Martha Agas Jos  - Gov. Simon Lalong of Plateau, has inaugurated the Plateau State One Stop Investment Centre (PS OSIC) in Jos to facilitate ease of business transactions for investors in the state. Speaking at the event on Wednesday at the centre Lalong said the action was critical to… In "Politics" Jos - Gov. Simon Lalong of Plateau has congratulated Nwangele Godwin, a 25-year-old Nigerian winner of the 2020 Rhodes Scholarship for West Africa.Nwangele was born and brought up in Jos.Lalong’s message was conveyed in a statement by his Director of Press and Public Affairs, Dr Simon Makut.The governor said that with… In "News"