By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  Nigerians in United Kingdom are on the streets protesting against the killings and rape of women in South Eastern part of Nigeria ahead of President Muhammadu Buhari’s arrival. Some of the protesters are carrying banners and wearing T-shirts with inscriptions such as: “Igbo Community Coventry International Community condemns the Rape of Woman in Eastern Nigeria”, “No more genocide in Alaigbo”, “Stop Killing Igbo people in Nigeria”, “Allow people’s choice to prevail Nigerian government must stop government sponsored abduction, killing genocide, Onye dot I am proudly Igbo among others. Recall that President Muhammadu Buhari departs Nigeria today to London for medical follow-up. Recall that President Muhammadu Buhari will proceed to London on Friday (today) for a ‘scheduled medical follow-up.’ Femi Adesina, the president’s spokesman, confirmed the latest trip in a statement in Abuja on Thursday. “He is due back in the country during the second week of July, 2021,’’ the presidential aide stated; indicating the Nigerian leader will spend about two weeks in London for the medical attention. From Jude Owuamanam, Managing Editor, Northern Operations ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - Human rights group,  International Society for Civil Liberties and the Rule of Law (Intersociety),  has said that it is not an accident of history that the now suspended quit order given to Ndigbo living in the North by Arewa… In "Top Stories" Following the recent killing of Igbos in Rivers State, the Eastern Union (EU), a pressure group of the people of the Old Eastern Nigeria, has called on the Federal Government, Southern Governors and the Ohanaeze Ndigbo to call Governor Nyesom Wike of Rivers State to order. The EU, in a… In "News" The entire Igbo Nation in the United States of America under the aegis of World Igbo Congress (WIC), Igbo World Assembly (IWA) and Nzuko Umunna has condemned in strong terms the shoot-at-sight order by the Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Usman Baba in the Southeast. The organisation in a statement on… In "Top Stories"