Some gunmen who are suspected to be kidnappers have killed two young men in Fobur district in Jos East Local Government Area of Plateau State.  One of the victims was identified as a councillorship candidate of the People’s Democratic Party, PDP, in the forthcoming local government election in the state. It was gathered that the young men were shot dead by the kidnappers who invaded the community in the early hours of Friday, June 25. According to a source, the two young men put up a resistance when they were being dragged away and the kidnappers shot at them and fled when it was discovered that they both died on the spot. The Senator representing Plateau North, Senator Istifanus Gyang, who confirmed the incident in a statement signed by his Special Assistant Media and Protocol, Musa Ibrahim Ashom, decried the spate of killings that his constituents continue to suffer. “Senator I.D. Gyang of Plateau North is enraged by the report of the killing of two youths of Fobur District, Jos East Local Government by kidnappers. One of the victims was a councillorship candidate of the PDP in the forthcoming local government elections in Plateau State,” the statement read. “The senator decries the spate of killings that his constituents continue to suffer. Just last week, 12 persons were killed at Kuru in Jos South local government by terrorists. These ugly occurrences place demands on the security agencies who have the duty to secure citizens to reinforce the fight against crime and criminality in the state. Senator Gyang commiserated with the families of the deceased and prays for the repose of their souls, while urging citizens to be vigilant and watchful against threats to their safety and wellbeing. Spokesperson of the State Police Command, Ubah Ogaba, who confirmed the death of two persons said one person who was abducted by the attackers was rescued by the police. “On 24/06/2021, at about 2230hrs, the command received a report that one Anap Ajiji Gwom ‘f’ of Resek Village in Jos East LGA was abducted. On the receipt of the report, a combined team of policemen, Operation Safe Haven, vigilante and hunters were immediately deployed to rescue the victim,” Ogaba stated. “The rescue team, on sighting the abductors, engaged them in a gun battle. Unfortunately, two hunters lost their lives in the process, while the abductors fled with various degrees of bullet wounds. The abductee was released unhurt and has been reunited with her family. An investigation is ongoing to arrest the perpetrators of that act and bring them to book. Useful information to aid our investigation will be welcomed.” he added.  Source Gunmen in the early hours of Monday invaded two villages in Kwall District of Bassa Local Government Area of Plateau State and killed four youths. National President of the Irigwe Development Association (IDA) Mr Robbert Ashi, who confirmed the incident, said three young persons were ambushed by suspected herdsmen and… In "News" By Sola Shittu BENIN - Four suspected kidnappers were on Wednesday shot and killed by men of the Edo State police command. They were killed in a hot exchange of fire between them and the police. The PUNCH gathered that the kidnappers were on a kidnapping trip when the police… In "Metro" …Kaduna, Zamfara, Borno deadliest states…North-West deadliest zone AS flames of violence and other forms of lives guzzling insecurity flicker in many parts of the country, Nigeria has literally become a killing field. In the first six weeks of 2021, lives of no fewer than 1,525 persons have been wasted across… In "Top Stories"