The United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) has donated dignity kits to 100 vulnerable adolescent girls and women in three communities in Igabi Local Government Area (LGAs) of Kaduna state.  Mr Yusha’u Abubakar, Executive Director, E-Caph and Coordinator of the coalition, said this when he spoke with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Kaduna on Sunday.He said the donations were made in Rigasa, Hayin Malam Bello and Nariya communities through Enhancing Communities Action for Peace and Better Health Initiative (e-CAPH) and Igabi Coalition of Civil Society Organisations (CSOs).Abubakar explained that each pack contained a wrapper, towel, bucket, mat, hijab, reusable sanitary pad, body cream, shaving stick and a whistle. He said that 70 dignity kits were distributed to the beneficiaries by e-CAPH, while 30 were distributed by Igabi Coalition of Civil Society Organisations. Abubakar said the donation was part of social and safety nets required to mitigate the impact of COVID-19 on vulnerable women and girls in the state. Ms Mariama Darboe, Head of Office, UNFPA Decentralised Officer for Northern Nigeria, Kaduna, said that the donations were part of UNFPA’s series of Risk Communications and Community Engagement (RCCE) activities. Drboe said that RCCE initiative was under the United Nations support to the national COVID-19 multi-sectoral pandemic response. “The RCCE initiative is aimed at ensuring that risk and impact of gender-based violence and interconnecting sexual and reproductive health consequences are mitigated and minimised. “We trust that the dignity kits will contribute to the specific sanitary and hygiene needs of vulnerable girls during these difficult times,” she said. She commended e-CAPH and the Igabi Coalition of CSOs for the tireless efforts towards improving the conditions of the most vulnerable and in creating an enabling environment for gender equity and social inclusion. Darboe stressed UNFPA’s commitment to ensuring that every woman was treated with respect and dignity and gender-based violence and harmful practices were completely eradicated in the state.“We look forward to our continued collaboration and partnership towards an early and full recovery from COVID-19 in Kaduna State,” she said.  (NAN) MAIDUGURI - The UNFPA says it is supporting no fewer than 176 healthcare facilities in four states in the North East region. Mr Mohammed Ismail, the UNFPA Humanitarian Support Coordinator in Nigeria, disclosed this to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Maiduguri. Ismail listed the benefitting states as Adamawa,… In "News" Lagos - The UN Population Fund (UNFPA) and U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) on Monday called for private sector support in ensuring that pregnant survivors of insurgency have safe and healthy deliveries. Ms Ratidzai Ndhlovu, UNFPA Country Representative in Nigeria, made the appeal at the `Handing Over Ceremony of… In "News" Abuja -  The UN Fund for Population (UNFPA) and National Population Commission (NPC) on Thursday urged the Federal Government to scale up its investment in humanitarian support services in the country. The two organisations made the appeal at a news conference in Abuja as part of activities marking the 2015… In "News"