ILORIN – Fulani herdsmen on Tuesday evening in Faje community in Asa local government area of Kwara state reportedly ambushed and killed four local hunters. Similarly in Ballah community in the same local government on Wednesday morning, Fulani herdsmen also reportedly killed three hunters by firing several gunshots at them while another person was severally matcheted into state of coma, thereby throwing the entire community into mourning. It was gathered Tuesday evening that, at Faje community, there were five local hunters, otherwise called community vigilante members, on two motorcycles, that were attacked by their assailants at about 7:00 pm at a bushy path few metres away to the village. It was also gathered that three of the five hunters were gunned down and killed by the suspected Fulani herdsmen, while two others ran back to the village to inform members of the community of the incident. However, before people in the village could arrive at the scene of the attack, the suspected herdsmen had reportedly bolted away with the hunters’ two motorcycles, abandoning the one they took to the area. It is said that two of the deceased were said to be of the same parents, while findings revealed that another person hit by the attackers’ bullet died the morning after, which was Wednesday. According to a source in the community, who craved anonymity, “About five victims of the attack were coming from Ilorin to Faje village on two motorcycles on Tuesday evening. “Before the people could get to the village, herdsmen attacked them at about 7:00pm. The names of the deceased are Muri, Laide, and Segun. Two of the victims are of the same parents. One of the motorcycles used by the attackers was recovered by the members of the vigilance team and had been deposited at the Otte Divisional Police station,” he said. Meanwhile in a related incident in Ballah community in the same Asa local government area, a tomato farmer identified as Akeem Adeboyinbo was reportedly attacked in his farm on Wednesday morning and matcheted severally. The farmer is said to be currently battling with life at an private hospital in Otte community. •Fleeing villagers By EMMANUEL ADEYEMI LOKOJA - Scores of farmers and some rural folks have been killed as gunmen suspected to be Fulani herdsmen allegedly invaded villages in Omala Local Government Area of Kogi State. The herdsmen were said to have simultaneously invaded the communities in the early hours of… In "News" •File photo: Armed herdsman IBADAN - Three persons have been killed when suspected Bororo Fulani herdsmen invaded some communities in Akinyele Local Government Area of Oyo State. The affected villages, as gathered, include Ikereku, Pade, Olanla and Babalola villages and residents of the villages are said to be living in… In "News" •As thousands flee Delta community over killings, Kidnapping•Police engage suspected herdsmen in gun duel•Residents allege abandonment by govt Omon-Julius Onabu in Asaba and Laleye Dipo in Minna Abuja (Sundiata Post) - For the second time in less than two weeks, bandits, again, attacked Gurmana town in the Shiroro Local Government… In "Top Stories"