Nigerian youths have been accused of being their own problem.  This was the claim made by former Aviation Minister, Femi Fani-Kayode.  According to him, Nigerian youths are the architects of their own problems, citing unemployment and other crises facing them. The human rights lawyer lamented lack of unity and contentment amongst the youths stating that they need to “spend their resources in trying to come together”. Fani-Kayode made the remark on Monday in a tweet on his verified Twitter handle. He narrated how some youths went diabolical when he was trying to help them secure employment. The tweet reads, “I am convinced that this generation of Nigerian youths are their own worst enemies. It is pitiful. “They need to spend their resources & energy into trying to come together rather than to undermine & denigrate one another.Some of the things I have seen and heard are shocking. “We had slots for three jobs for youths. 200 graduates applied for those three jobs. After 50 were shortlisted 10 were chosen for interviews. “They all came. Two out of the 10 attempted to kill one another with poison in order to increase their chances of getting one of the three slots”.   By Perpetua Onuegbu Abuja -  Mr Femi Fani-Kayode, former Minister of Aviation has called for a national discourse and devolution of power to regions, saying it is  the only way to guarantee a united and indivisible Nigeria. Fani-Kayode made the call in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria… In "Top Stories" One-time Aviation Minister, Chief Femi Fani-Kayode, has stirred controversy after canvassing a change of the name Yoruba, describing it as insulting and calling on all descendants of Oduduwa to renounce the name. Fani-Kayode in a tweet from his official Tweeter handle claimed that the name Yoruba, which identifies one of… In "Features" By Rotimi Ijikanmi Ilorin -  Youths For Change NG, an umbrella group of Nigerian youths, has urged government to rein former Aviation Minister, Femi Fani-Kayode if he continues along the path of crude and abusive language. The group’s National Leader, Mr Seun Bobade,made the call in a statement on Thursday… In "Top Stories"