ABUJA – The family of Michael Usifo Ataga, the murdered chief executive officer of Super TV, has called for thorough investigation into the circumstances that led to the murder of Ataga.The deceased’s family urged the police to go beyond the arrest of Chidinma Ojukwu, the 21-year-old self-confessed killer of Ataga to get to the root cause of Ataga’s death. In a statement entitled ‘Libelous publications in respect of murder of Michael Usifo Ataga: Demand for restraint by social media practitioners/persons’, issued by the law firm of Rickey Tarfa & Co, solicitor to the family, on Saturday night, the Ataga family urged those behind the malicious social media publications to refrain from publishing falsehood that impinges negatively on the integrity of the deceased, his wife and children or face lawsuits. The statement made available to Sundiata Post, signed by Olusegun Jolaawo, a Senior Advocate of Nigeria (SAN), on behalf of the law firm, urged Nigerians to allow the police to conduct its investigations without any distraction or interference. “We hereby admonish the publishers of these stories to employ whatever shreds of decency and decorum they can find in themselves to desist from their false and misleading stories and let the investigating authorities carry out effective investigation in the hope of apprehending the perpetrators of this heinous crime and their accomplices. Yes we know that Chidinma Adaora Ojukwu has been arrested and yes we know that investigation is continuing. Our client is, however, convinced that there is much more to this than is already apparent from the police investigation,” Jolaawo said in the statement. He said “It has become apparent even to the most undiscerning reader that from the variety and inherent malice in most of the said publications that they are planted to embarrass and malign Usifo Ataga, Brenda Ataga and the family, and to serve as a smokescreen to enable the perpetrators of the heinous crime cover their tracks”.“Our client appreciates the efforts of the law enforcement agencies in their investigations thus far, and will not descend into particulars with respect to any of the said false narratives so as not to inadvertently aid the perpetrators of the murder in covering their tracks,” he further stated.The lawyer lamented that the tragic incident of the cold blooded murder of late Michael Ataga has inundated all strata of the media with inconceivable stories being peddled on all sorts of platforms about the incident and therefore called for restraints from the publishers of the unfounded stories.“Our client at this juncture requeststhat the well-meaning public allow the family to mourn their departed son, father and husband with some privacy and decency. Our client also feels very strongly about the unbridled activities of bloggers on the social media space with respect to this incident and firmly demand that the said bloggers cease and desist from peddling falsehood aimed at maligning the deceased, wife and children.The family will not be intimidated by these bloggers’ activities and insist that the police be allowed to do their work,” Jolaawo said in the statement.“Our client hereby demands that the false publications and the several ordinarily unrelated stories and pictures of late Michael Usifo Ataga and Brenda Ataga be pulled down with immediate effect failing which our client shall take prompt and appropriate action to seek redress for the apparent instances of libel and slander as appropriate.” A fake drivers’ license and Nigerian International passport, amongst other items were recovered from Chidinma Ojukwu, the prime suspect for the murder of the Chief Executive Officer of Super TV, Usifo Ataga. Ataga was found dead on Sunday with multiple wounds found in several parts of his body at a… In "News" •Chidinma in her shop LAGOS- More details have emerged about Chidimma Ojukwu, the killer of Super TV CEO, Usifo Ataga. A video posted on social media shows Chidimma running a beer parlour and convenience store in the Yaba area of Lagos. In the video, she was being congratulated by customers… In "Metro" •The suspect, Chidinma Ojukwu LAGOS - Men of the Lagos State Police Command have arrested the father Chidinma Ojukwu, who allegedly stabbed the Chief Executive Officer of Super TV, Usifo Ataga, to death. A top police source, who pleaded anonymity because he was not authorised to speak on the matter,… In "Metro"