The Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) has issued a one-week ultimatum to property owners and traders around the Nyanya interchange to vacate the site.  The Chairman, FCTA Traffic Management Team, Mr Ikharo Attah, who issued the ultimatum on Wednesday in Abuja, said that it was to ensure the smooth running of the ongoing construction works in the area.  The vacation order followed an on-the-spot assessment of the factors responsible for traffic in the area. He warned that failure to comply with the one-week ultimatum, the traffic management team would remove the structures because the Federal Government had paid compensation for those structures. According to him, the Federal Government has paid them fully, and they have accepted it, and most of them had moved away, but rented the structures out. Attah expressed concern over the return of worrisome traffic gridlock occasioned by the contravening structures on the right of way of the busy road. He revealed that a stern order to immediately vacate the site had been given to owners of the affected structures that were mainly old structures made of mud. He said that this included especially those, who have received compensation for their property and have been fully paid some months ago, for the road expansion work to go on. The FCT traffic management team held an on-the-spot meeting with the Nyanya component. They include large of the Sector Commander, Federal Road Safety Commission (FRSC), Area Commander of the Directorate of Road Traffic Services (DRTS) and the Police Divisional Police Officer (DPO) in the area. The DPO of Nyanya, DPO of Karu, Unit Commander of the FRSC, Directorate Road Traffic Services Area Commander, Assistant Director, Enforcement of the Abuja Environmental Protection Board (AEPB), Kaka Bello were on the ground, together with the Directional Traffic Officers (DTOs) He said that the officials of the Federal Ministry of Works had briefed all the relevant security agencies, “and what we saw was that the inbound road by the Nyanya Market. “There are some areas where they have issues of compensation for one or two structures, which they are working on. “But the outbound road around the Nyanya interchange, that isn’t coming from the city towards Mararaba, they have paid compensation fully, and the people are just waiting for them to come, and they don’t really want to do it.” He advised those, who collected compensation, particularly around the Nyanya interchange, to vacate before the task team clears the area. “We would be coming to remove them because the Federal Government through the Ministry of Works has paid them full compensation so that the construction work can go on.  (NAN) ABUJA - The Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) is yet to relocate the Nyanya motor [pro_ad_display_adzone id="8"] terminal to its permanent site, eight months after it earmarked more than five hectares for the project. A correspondent of the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), who visited the site, not too far… In "News" FCTA demolishes 134 houses in Apo Akpmajenya indigenous community By Salisu Sani-Idris Abuja - The Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) on Saturday demolished 134 houses at Apo Akpmajenya indigenous community, to pave way for the construction of a major road network in the area. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN)… In "News" By Salisu Sani-Idris Abuja - Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA), says it has impounded 33 commercial motorcycles plying AYA-Nyanya Expressway for traffic offences. Mr Ikharo Attah, Chairman of the FCT Ministerial Task Team, Traffic Management, made the disclosure at a media interactive session, on Wednesday in Abuja. Attah explained that… In "News"