The Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) on Tuesday, said the death of Prophet Temitope Joshua, should be a reminder of life after death and salvation.  The late prophet is the Founder of the Synagogue Church of All Nations (SCOAN) and popularly known as TB Joshua.  The Media Assistant to CAN President, Pastor Adebayo Oladeji, in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos, urged people to occupy themselves with causes that could earn them eternal life. Oladeji, while expressing condolences over the demise of the late televangelist; described his home calling as a reminder to all mortals that there is a time for everything. He reminded Nigerians that God created man for nothing other than to worship Him, saying materialism and the quest for affluence seems to preoccupy peoples’ time other than things of salvation. “A time to be born and a time to die. That’s what the Bible says. “He has played his own role on this side of the Jordan and he has relocated, we should therefore be conscious of the fact that death is unavoidable. You can’t run away from it. “When it is time, you go. The important thing is to sleep in the Lord. Those who lived as Christians will reign with Christ and those who do otherwise have to spend their eternity in the Lake of Fire. “Our hearts go to the family and the church he left behind. May God console and comfort them in this trying time,” he said. The spokesman, who also condemned spate of violence in the country; tasked citizens to place national interest above personal and ethnic interest for peace and development. NAN reports that the popular Nigerian pastor died early Sunday, June 6, six days to his 58th birthday.  (NAN) “Time for everything – time to come here for prayer and time to return home after the service.’’ were some of Prophet Temitope Balogun Joshua’s last memorable words, when he spoke during the Emmanuel TV Partners Meeting on Saturday. Joshua, Nigerian pastor, televangelist, philanthropist, leader, and founder of The Synagogue,… In "Features" ABUJA - TB Joshua, founder of the Synagogue Church of All Nations (SCOAN), is dead He had stroke two months ago and was flown by air ambulance to Turkey for treatment, The church management confirmed his death in a statement issued on Sunday. According to the statement, Joshua, aged 57,… In "Top Stories" •Late Pastor TB Joshua LAGOS - The Synagogue Church of All Nations (SCOAN) has confirmed death of its founder and General Overseer Prophet TB Joshua. It said Joshua died in Lagos on Saturday after concluding a church programme. His last words, according to the church, were “Watch and pray.” Joshua… In "Top Stories"