OWERRI – Unknown gunmen on Wednesday (today, 16 June 2021) attacked the country home of the member representing Orsu State Constituency in the Imo State House of Assembly, Ekene Nnodumele, in Ebenato, Awo Idemili, beheading a gateman on duty and setting the house on fire.According to SaharaReporters the gunmen also razed the house of the immediate past Attorney-General and Commissioner for Justice, Cyprain Charles Akaolisa, in the community. Imo State has been experiencing series of attacks lately, especially on security formations. On April 5, armed men invaded the headquarters of the Imo State Police Command and the Nigerian Correctional Service in Owerri, burnt the facilities and freed over 1,800 inmates. Unfortunately, one person suspected to be a fleeing prison inmate was hit by a stray bullet. A few days later, the country home of the state governor, Hope Uzodinma in Omuma, Oru East Local Government Area of the state was invaded by gunmen. During the attack, they burnt part of the building and razed some vehicles in the compound, killing at least a security official. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - After the attach by unknown gunmen on Police headquartets in the state, Imo State Governor, Hope Uzodinma and heads of security agencies are currently in an emergency security meeting at the Government House, Owerri. The meeting is coming few hours after unknown gunmen… In "Top Stories" IMO State Governor, Hope Uzodinma, says aggrieved politicians in the country are sponsoring a “national crisis” in states controlled by the ruling All Progressives Congress in the South-East geo-political zone. Specifically, the governor said APC detractors were determined to bring down the regime of the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari… In "Politics" •Imo State Governor Hope Uzodinma OWERRI - Soldiers guarding Imo State Government House took to their heels after shooting to death late Sunday night an undergraduate of the Imo State University, Divine Nwaneri and wounding the driver of the vehicle in which she rode with her friends, in what eyewitnesses… In "News"