By Chibuike Nwabuko ABUJA (Sundiata Post) –  A former deputy governor and PDP governorship candidate in the 2018 election in Ekiti State, Prof. Kolapo Olusola Eleka, has said that All Progressive Congress, APC performed below expectations in delivering dividends of democracy since 2018, adding that Ekiti people will experience better governance under PDP. The Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC had fixed June 18th, 2022 for the Ekiti state governorship election. Reacting through his Aide, Mr Adebisi Adeola, Eleka admonished Ekiti sons and daughters who are yet to register for voters Identification Cards to endeavour to get their PVCs, saying that is the only tool they have to change the current government, which has impoverished them beyond imagination. “Next year, Ekiti people will decide with their PVCs, whether or not to continue with the current spate of insecurity, dwindling economy, poor Infrastructure and stagnation in Human capital development in the state,” Adeola said. While calling on PDP stakeholders to intensify their efforts in rebuilding the party for victory in 2022, Eleka said PDP stands a chance of winning the forthcoming election if the party comes out strongly after the primary election, slated to hold by January. “We have brilliant products in the party who can win the election. The most important thing is for all stakeholders who are involved in decision making to put the party before their interests. “The idea that if it is not me or my candidate, the party should not forge ahead be condemned. “The divine ambition of Professor Eleka to return Ekiti state to her excellent position in Education, adequate and sustainable development and building a robust economy, and creating employment through Technical Vocational Education and Training (TVET), is inevitable if given the opportunity by the party leaders to fly its ticket,” Eleka concluded. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – People’s Democratic Party (PDP) has asked its members in Ekiti State not to despair over Monday’s ruling of the Ekiti Governorship election tribunal as it is confident of victory at the Court of Appeal. The PDP in a statement signed by its National… In "Nigerian Newspapers today" I started my independent life by training as a reputation manager, so I probably understand public perception management and behavioural effects in a manner that would escape a casual observer. Nigerians have a way of designing stories to soothe their narrative ignoring the lessons therein. I have been seeing posts… In "Opinion" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – National Working Committee of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), has accused the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) of doctoring results of the Ekiti governorship election, insisting that the original result which was in favour of the PDP candidate, Prof. Kolapo Olusola-Eleka was stolen… In "Politics"