The Chairman of the House Committee on Finance, Mr Rotimi Olowo, in a statement on Tuesday said the request by Sanwo-Olu would ensure continuation of capital projects in the state.  He said, “Based on briefing and documents received, the redemption of bonds will allow for extension of maturity of the same with a two years moratorium in 2031.” Olowo noted that the request from Sanwo-Olu was “an approval of bond for a bridge loan which will allow the state to access the bond market, while the second aspect is a loan from a commercial bank at the interest rate of 9.25.” “What it means is that, in the next two years, after securing the bond, we will not pay any money. We will not pay the interest and the capital; it will be like a tax holiday. It will relieve the state of the burden of sourcing for money to pay the creditors. “When you look at our Consolidation Debt Service Account, we have about N22bn and we are talking N101.2bn in the next two or three years. It will amount to a lot of pressure on our debt obligation. So, what we thought is necessary is that we should quickly access the bond market so that we can get it at cheaper rate and it will be for 10 years with two years moratorium,” he added.  Source R-L: Lagos State Governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu; Commissioner for Finance, Dr. Rabiu Olowo and Lagos State Attorney General and Commissioner for Justice, Mr Moyo Onigbanjo (SAN) during the signing of the Lagos State N100 Billion Series III Bond Programme at Lagos House, Alausa, Ikeja, on Wednesday, Jan. 29, 2020 By… In "News" By Amarachi Eshiogu   It’s very much unlikely that there is an adult person, man or woman, who has never borrowed money at one time or the other. It could be from an individual such as parents, brother or sister, friends or from a lending institution. Institutions, states and… In "Opinion" By Nse Anthony Uko (Sundiata Post) - The MTN Group Limited has raised $1.3bn in loans before its planned sale of bonds to offset the N330bn Nigerian fine, pay dividends and address capital expenditure. The shares of Africa’s largest mobile phone operator by sales climbed for a second day after… In "Business"