Source: https://pixabay.com/photos/income-tax-calculator-accounting-4097292/ Businesses often come to the point where they need to have clear visibility on their financial management and growth prospects. Several areas come together to influence the day-to-day operations, but you’d want to quantify the opportunities and risk factors that determine the company’s financial health. Regular bookkeeping keeps things in check, at least from the compliance and tax perspective. However, rudimentary cashbooks can only take the business so far. Much advanced financial management is necessary if you have plans to grow higher and further in the industry. A Chief Financial Officer (CFO) comes in to collect critical financial data and re-integrate into the business’ operations for the subsequent growth projections. They typically have more experience in your business’ industry and offer more depth than typical account books would. However, what services can you realistically expect from a CFO? How can you employ such services, and at what cost? Read our thoughts and tips on CFO service definitions in the paragraphs below: Chief Financial Officers are a tried-and-true solution for businesses that need a push to the next level and beyond. However, the position is highly specialized and not cheap. It means that small-to-medium companies may have a more challenging time employing a CFO full-time. But what if the business doesn’t need to hire a CFO full-time? Employing CFO services can be an exciting proposition, as it involves getting the benefits that chief financial officers offer without hiring one full-time. Luckily, there is an active market for outsourced CFO services that immediately put the business back on track at a fraction of the price you’d pay were you to hire. Businesses need to understand their current situation to forge a way forward. Also, hiring an outsourced CFO Service makes sense if the provider and the company know the data they’ll be working on. Therefore, you’ll need to look at the raw financial numbers and see how they denote profitability. Also, the business owner has to consider if the company is scalable and to what extent. This helps shape your expectations when the CFO services come in. When you bring in the services, some of the areas with which an outsourced CFO service can help out includes: It helps if you know the areas where CFO services can help out in the business operations, but how do they help in reality? Below are some essential functions business owners can expect when hiring CFO services: You can hire CFO services in various forms, which you can expect since you don’t have to hire a chief financial officer full-time. Some of the common kinds of CSO service you can find includes: Running a business is already no mean feat, but it takes a lot more to set it on the right path for growth, transcending “balancing the books” and “breaking even.” The answer often lies in the companies’ financial management department. However, you need a CFO to unlock the hidden potential your regular bookkeeping might not have detected. The tips mentioned above can guide small and medium business owners in preparing the business for the push a CFO would bring. It also helps you consider the various aspects in the company which a CFO can fix: processes that can get tightened and operations that can get streamlined for optimum growth index. References About AbstractOps If you’re an early-stage CEO, we handle and automate your HR, finance, and legal ops — so that you don’t have to. We help you Be Scrappy, Not Sloppy. We understand that ops can be painful. If you have any questions or need assistance with your ops, drop us a note at hello@abstractops.com. We’ll do our best to help. KPMG Nigeria - Our client is a wholly owned indigenous oil and gas exploration and production company, with strong associations and partnerships with leading service and technology companies in Nigeria's oil and gas industry. In line with the company's desire to ensure that key roles are filled by best-in-class talent… In "Education" (Reuters) - Google Inc hired Morgan Stanley Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat as its own finance chief, a sign Google is aiming to rein in costs as it invests in new businesses such as self-driving cars and internet-connected eyeglasses. Porat has helped execute a sweeping cost-cutting strategy across several business… In "News" McKinsey & Company is a global management consulting firm that serves private and public companies, governments, not-for-profits and non-governmental organizations. We have 30 industry and functional practices and six new client service areas, including McKinsey Solutions and McKinsey Implementation. Our more than 9,000 consultants and 2,000 knowledge professionals speak nearly… In "Education"