The Africa Federation of Teaching Regulatory Authorities (AFTRA) has conferred and award on Prof. Florence Obi, Vice-Chancellor of the University of Calabar.  Obi was conferred with Fellowship of a Distinguished Teacher Award by AFTRA at the Senate Chambers of the University on Monday in Calabar. She was duly selected and recognised for the award by the 55 Member States of the Africa Union (AU). The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that AFTRA is the intergovernmental umbrella of the Ministries of Education and National Agencies regulating teaching in the 55 AU Member States. Prof. Steve Nwokeocha, the AFTRA Executive Director Academics, said that Obi was chosen for promoting the teaching profession and for attaining the height of her teaching career, which have made her to stand out in the continent. He explained that for her sake, millions of people can dream to become teachers and also the girl child can aspire to the highest position in life. He said that in Nigeria, Obi is the 6th fellow and first woman in Nigeria to be conferred with the award. “This is first time AFTRA is organising a continental event solely to honour a single individual. Having examined her pedigree, AFTRA was convinced that she deserves the honour,” he said. Obi said that the award was the “peak” of the awards she had receive in her teaching profession. She said her desire of bringing up the young ones and transforming them into great men and women had given her much joy and fulfilment. “I am so fulfilled today because this is one award I will live to treasure simply because it is an award that came from the recognition of my contribution to my profession. “It is an award that is international in nature. I feel honoured today that the 55 Member States of AFTRA have found me worthy for this award and recognition. “As a fellow of AFTRA and for the fact that I am a professional teacher means that I have a lot to do to promote the profession. “I have deep love for the teaching profession; and I know that the only profession that I can fit in excellently is the teaching profession,” she said. She commended AFTRA for coming together with a view to promote academic excellence and the teaching profession in Africa.  (NAN) By Okeoghene Akubuike ‎Abuja -   Malam Adamu Adamu, Minister of Education, ‎says the success of any education system is hinged on the quality of teachers, the curriculum and the delivery method‎. Adamu said this in his address at the ‎ 7th Teaching and Learning in Africa Conference and 9th… In "News" ABUJA - The Africa Forum of Teaching Regulatory Authority (AFTRA) on Tuesday urged African governments to tackle the diminishing access to school enrolment due to insurgency. This is contained in a communiqué signed by Mr Rej Brijraj and Prof. Addison Mark Wokocha, AFTRA President and Secretary, respectively. The communiqué was… In "News" Calabar - The Speech Pathologists and Audiologists Association in Nigeria (SPAAN) has called on the National and state houses of assembly to come up with legislation against noise pollution. The SPAAN President, Prof. Julius Ademokoya, made the call on Thursday in Calabar, Cross River, at a public awareness programme on speech disorders… In "News"