Five minutes after the train departed the Rigasa Station, in Kaduna, it developed a mechanical fault.  Twice, the train stopped before getting to Dutse, where it finally broke down. Midat Joseph, an Assistant National Secretary of the Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ), who is one of the passengers, said the train developed fault around 7:00am. “I left my house as early as 5:am to join the 6:40a.m. train but unfortunately I have been trapped here in this forest. This is not the first time I will be experiencing this mess,” he said. Another passenger, said he had similar experience on Saturday, saying they spent six hours to get to Abuja. “This is unfortunate. On Saturday, we spent five hours from Abuja to Kaduna. We left Abuja 6:pm but we did not get to Kaduna until 11:00pm,” he said. An engineer of the NRC, who addressed the passengers, told them that it would take them two hours to fix the train. “We are very sorry, the locomotive is faulty. We have contacted the Idu Train Station for another locomotive. It would take them two hours to be here, “ he said. Passengers were on Friday evening stranded for hours in the bush, as the Kaduna-Abuja train broke down. A video circulated on social media showed passengers taking fresh air outside the train, while the faulty train was been attended to. The Nation gathered that the two hours journey to Abuja took… In "Metro" By Temitope Ponle Abuja - The Federal Government on Thursday said it would increase the number of trains plying the Abuja-Kaduna route to run a train per hour before the end of 2019. Mr Freeborn Okhiria, Managing Director, Nigerian Railway Corporation (NRC) said this as part of activities of the… In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Passengers flared up angrily as a locomotive train with identification SP00003, which took off from Kaduna and heading to Abuja,  broken down on the outskirts of Jere Local Government Area of Kaduna State. According to News Agency of Nigeria, the train which took off at about… In "News"