The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) has arrested a medical doctor, Jane Chioma Ofoma, in Auchi, Edo State, for allegedly operating an online catering service, Omachi’s Kitchen, through which she sells drugged cookies and biscuits.  Also the agency arrested a 52-year-old ex-Soldier, Sgt Ibrahim Musa for allegedly being in possesion of 12.167 kilograms of Arizona (cannabis sativa), four grams of Cocaine and 25 grams of Flunitrazepam in Kwara State. Director, Media & Advocacy, NDLEA Headquarters, Abuja, Femi Babafemi, made this known in a statement on Tuesday. According to the statement, following intelligence and surveillance, narcotic officers of the Edo State Command of the Agency on Saturday 19th June, 2021, stormed Ofoma’s operational base at No 1 Winners Way, Auchi, where she was arrested with at least 94 pieces of cookies produced with cannabis sativa. “Chioma, 26, who is a graduate of medicine from the University of Nigeria, Nsukka recently completed her housemanship at the University of Benin Teaching Hospital. She has confessed to baking the cookies with skunk in her statement while under interrogation,” Babafemi said. The spokesman said Musa was apprehended on Thursday 17th June, 2021 at Oke-Odo, Tanke Area of Ilorin metropolis when he arrived from Lagos to supply his customers. He said, “Sgt Ibrahim Musa who worked in the maintenance department at Abati Army Barracks, Lagos from where he was deployed to 117 Battalion in Chibok, Borno State before he deserted the Army had arrived Ilorin in company of his wife, Basirat Musa in his Honda Accord car with registration number JJ 707 BL Lagos with the seized exhibit. He was however arrested at the point of delivery by operatives of Kwara State Command of the Agency. “Under interrogation, Ibrahim revealed that while at Chibok he got the connection of a supplier of Arizona (Cannabis) and other drugs in Lagos who he immediately contacted when he deserted the Army in October 2020. “He said he decided to go into the illicit drug business to enable him fend for his two wives and three children. The suspect revealed that the latest journey was his second trip to Ilorin to deliver the drugs and decided to travel with one of his wives who was not aware of his mission to Ilorin. Babafemi said a 30-year-old, Emmanuel Ehiramhen, of No. 10 Egan Street Ekpoma, was also arrested by officers of the Edo Command of the Agency for dealing in crack cocaine. Reacting to the arrests, Chairman/CEO of NDLEA, Brig. Gen. Mohamed Buba Marwa (Retd) has commended the Edo and Kwara state Commands of the Agency for their vigilance and commitment to the goal of ridding Nigeria of the menace of illicit drug trafficking and abuse. He charged the Commanders, officers and men of the two Commands and their counterparts across the country not to relent in the discharge of their responsibilities. He assured he will continue to make their welfare a priority.  Source Operatives of the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) have raided some eateries in Jos, the Plateau capital and recovered freshly baked cakes made with cannabis sativa. The Agency’s Director of Media and Advocacy, Mr Femi Babafemi, in a statement on Monday in Abuja, said additional 48.726 kilogrammes of assorted… In "News" By Deborah CokerBenin - The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) in Edo has arrested a 23-year-old graduate with substance suspected to be skunk Cannabis.The state Commander of the NDLEA, Mr Buba Wakawa, who disclosed this to newsmen on Tuesday in Benin, said the substance weighed about 250 grammes.According to… In "Metro" LOKOJA - The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) in Kogi State said on Thursday that it seized 2,103.7 kilogrammes of weeds suspected to be Indian Hemp within the last one week. The Commander of the state command, Alhaji Idris Bello, disclosed this to the News Agency of Nigeria (ANN)… In "News"