The President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), has received knocks from Nigerians on social media, following the appointment of Shehu Ilelah as the Director-General of the National Broadcasting Commission amid Twitter ban.  The PUNCH had earlier reported that the Minister of Information and Culture, Lai Mohammed, announced the appointment in a statement issued in Abuja on Friday.  The appointment comes days after the erstwhile DG, Armstrong Idachaba, ordered TV and radio stations to “de-install Twitter handles and desist from using Twitter as a source of information gathering for news and programmes” in compliance with the Twitter ban in the country. The new appointment has erupted reactions from Nigerians as they have taken to social media to blast Buhari for taking such a move amid the Twitter ban. A tweep, @echi_di_me, tweeted, “He (Buhari) sacked him (Idachaba) after using him to enforce the ban on media houses. Lesson learnt: you can’t satisfy a dinosaur, it will still consume you.” Another tweep, @nwa_spareparts, wrote,”I told my friend, Prof Armstrong Idachaba, to take it easy and never incur the wrath of Nigerians while trying to please Buhari. They use and dump.” “He replaced a Benue Idachaba to Muslim Shehu Ilela. I don’t pity Idachaba anyway. He would have resigned than playing tyrant card. Now you can see!,” @eebuchi tweeted. @santoioni wrote on Twitter, “This should be a lesson to the other ‘tools’ in the hands of politicians. Unfortunately, Nigerians don’t learn!” On Facebook, Adara Adaba, wrote, “It is very unfortunate for a sitting president to be so tribalistic and nepotistic like this. I weep for this so-called country.” Another Facebook user, Solomon Amehson, wrote, “When that man called Idachaba was paying lip service to this nepotistic president…I knew that Buhari will never deviate from appointing another person from the Fulani extraction.” Gladys Adepeju also wrote on Facebook, “He has appointed another person to help erase every trace of the atrocities that will be committed by them. The killings during #EndSARS was denied by FG with the backing of the broadcasting corporations. Now it will be worse. Source "Twitter is not Nigeria’s problem and Buhari does not need the futile mission of waylaying citizens on social media. Nigeria’s problem is that Buhari’s government has lost its way. There’s only a narrow track left that leads to lip-service and self-aggrandisement by a handful." The Nigerian government thinks Twitter is… In "Column - Thursday" ABUJA - Following the Nigerian government’s ban on Twitter from operating in Nigeria, the National Broadcasting Commission (NBC) has directed broadcasting stations to suspend patronage of Twitter immediately. NBC while reminding the broadcasting stations of the consequences of not complying with its directives, also advised them to de-install their Twitter… In "Top Stories" •Nnamdi Kanu ABUJA - One day after the Nigerian government announced a ban on the activities of Twitter, the popular microblogging platform has deleted ‘inciting’ tweets from Nnamdi Kanu, leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), a separatist group agitating for the Republic of Biafra. In the controversial tweet,… In "Top Stories"