A Yoruba leader, Chief Ayo Adebanjo has revealed that Nigeria’s President Muhammadu Buhari is planning to wipe out Nigerians who are not Fulani from the country.  Adebanjo is the factional leader of Afenifere, a pan-Yoruba group.  The elder statesman was reacting to a recent war threat issued to the people of the South-East by the President, according to Daily Post. Recall that Buhari on Tuesday, after a security briefing about the attacks on facilities of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) in the South East, threatened to deal with those who want to destroy his government. Buhari said such individuals or groups will receive the shock of their lives as they will be treated in a language they will understand. And appearing on Channels Television on Wednesday evening, Adebanjo, who was asked what he makes of the statement, described it as a very unfortunate statement from the President of a democratic country. “When I said this man has a private agenda. And the agenda is to wipe out those of us who are not Fulani. Now what is he doing? He’s killing everybody,” Adebanjo said but did not, however, provide evidence to back up his claims. “I was very sad when I heard it. When I was informed I thought it couldn’t be but I’m not surprised. It’s those of you who voted for Buhari in 2015 that should be amazed,” he continued. “I warned you then that this man is a dictator . He was born a feudalist, trained as a dictator and has no respect for the rule of law. “My dear, let’s all realise the fact today that the problem in this country against peace and unity is President Buhari . All those who voted for him… take for instance, he stated in that statement that he toured the 36 states, did he tour the 36 states to say he was going to oppress them? Did he tour the 36 states promising them there was going to be a diversion in the rule of law? “In the North, the insecurity and insurgency is so widespread in Kaduna, Sokoto, Zamfara and even in Katsina, his own state. He has not arrested the Emirs of those places. “And so many times those who love the country will tell him, ‘there’s a solution to this problem, please do this’ and he’ll pretend not to listen. Those he should listen to are the youth of this country, who are tired of deceit. “That’s our problem. So any language you are using you are just deceiving yourselves. And particularly you pressmen, don’t allow him to change the narrative. He’s talking about unity and he’s going to kill them. “Can a democratic President be talking about teaching his subjects who voted him into power …that he’s going to teach them the lesson he practiced during the war.”  Source A leader of the Yoruba socio-political group, Afenifere, Chief Ayo Adebanjo, says a chieftain of the All Progressives Congress, Bola Tinubu, is afraid to speak on the Fulani herdsmen crisis in parts of the South-West region because he does not want to offend the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.).… In "News" The Yoruba socio-political organisation, Afenifere, has criticised the shoot-at-sight order by the Inspector General of Police, describing it as reckless and undemocratic. The organisation in a statement by its acting leader, Chief Ayo Adebanjo, yesterday said the order endangers the fate of people in Southeast, who he posited seem endangered… In "News" Mogaji Gboyega Adejumo, one of the chieftains of Afenifere, a pan-Yoruba socio-political organisation, says the General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG), Pastor Enoch Adeboye played a video showing Sunday Igboho hurling insults at him for the group to watch. Igboho was hurling insults at the cleric… In "News"