According to reports, Grammy award-winner Burna Boy, was reportedly dealt with by boys of the popular Nigerian footballer, Obafemi Martins at a Lagos club on June 14.  Burna Boy allegedly got slapped by one of the boys of the footballer which resulted in club attendees coming to settle the dispute.  According to the blogger, Wizkid was also at the club party with the Grammy winner but left when the dispute got heated. “Last night was total vawulence at Club Victoria in Lagos as one of Obafemi Martins’ boy landed dirty slaps on Burna boy’s face From our confirmed sources, the singer was beaten to stupor. It took some kind club attenders to save the situation by calming Oba’s boys who appeared to be ready to beat the whole of Burna boy’s boys who accompanied him to the club. It will be recorded that couple of months ago, we reported how Burna disrespected Obafemi at a night club in Lagos where one of Burna’s boys landed Oba a slap. Last night during the revenge slapping episode, Wizkid who was partying with Burna and co quickly japa from the scene as it started getting more violent with slaps flying left and right.” the blogger wrote. •Sadiq Daba LAGOS - The serious business of motherhood and women’s rights, then some light entertainment in the form of movies, music and celebs,  reflected the mood of Nigerians in March, according to their Google Search behaviour.  On March 8,  International Women’s Day (IWD), Nigerians joined the world to commemorate… In "Top Stories" Grammy awards winners, Burna Boy and Wizkid have been nominated for the Best International Act at the BET Award Show for 2021. Burna Boy won the category in the last two years and Wizkid won it in 2012, when the category had two divisions for Africa and the UK. Earlier… In "Entertainment" Two Nigerian superstars, Davido and Burna Boy have reportedly brawled inside a club in Ghana. Reports claimed that the two exchanged blows during a heated argument. According to reports on Twitter, both artistes met each other at the club on Sunday night, December 27 and Burna Boy allegedly moved to… In "Entertainment"