 Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) says it will soon begin prosecution of fans exhibiting hooliganism at match venues.  NFF’s First Vice-President, Seyi Akinwunmi, said this while addressing participants at the Nigeria National League (NNL) Football Development Summit for Club Administrators and Media, in Abuja on Friday. Akinwunmi, who declared the event open on behalf of NFF President, Amaju Pinnick, said that hooliganism at match venues had affected the progress of the country’s football leagues. “We need to stop this attitude of win at all cost. We will also stop this hooliganism or whatever it is. “It has gone on for far too long and I can assure you that if people are not careful, they will see themselves prosecuted in a short while. “NFF is doing as much as it can, within the ambit of the law. We are speaking with security agencies to support us in terms of enforcement and prosecution. “I can’t give a timeline for the eradication of this vice but we are working on it,’’ he said. Akinwunmi also lauded NNL for organising the summit, adding that the clubs and their fans would be well educated on the negatives of such actions. “Sometimes, hooliganism is a product of ignorance. Some people feel that they are fighting for their right and the best way to do so is to become violent. “That is why we must educate the public and develop, thanks to this summit. Nigerian football must be abreast of the recent developments in football around the world. “We need the help of everyone to educate the public and expose people who are serial instigators of this crime. “So, we need the support of everyone, including the media,’’ Akinwunmi added. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that more than 40 delegates, comprising club owners and their media officers, participated in the summit. (NAN) Lagos, - The Nigeria (Football) Referees Association (NRA) says it will soon begin to prosecute football fans, who engage in hooliganism at match venues. The Chairman of the association, Tade Azeez, who made this known in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos on Wednesday, was… In "Sports" ABUJA - The Nigeria Referees Association (NRA) on Friday said the Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) has no board on ground to order its members to honour league matches against their wish. The NRA President, Ahmed Maude, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja that the NFF has no… In "Sports" By Victor Okoye Abuja    -        As the 2018 Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) elections get underway today (Thursday) in Katsina, there is no doubt that it would only pave the way for further drama in the Nigeria football house. The unfortunate leadership crisis in Nigerian football that has plagued the football… In "Sports"