… urges newly-elected Executive Committee to ensure Journalists Work by Creed of their Profession and do more for the union and the country in this new tenure By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – National Leader of the All Progressives Congress Asiwaju Ahmed Tinubu has congratulated Mallam Mustapha Isah for his re-election as the President of the Nigeria Guild of Editors. This is also as he has tasked the newly elected Executive Committee of the Nigeria Guild of Editors to ensure that editors and journalists live and work by the creed of their profession and also to do more for the union and the country in this new tenure. Tinubu stated this in a statement released via his twitter handle while reacting to the news of the outcome of the Guild of Editors convention held in Kano state on Wednesday. The tweets reads: I earnestly congratulate the newly-elected Executive Committee of the Nigeria Guild of Editors at their recent convention in Kano. I particularly commend the President of the Guild, Mallam Mustapha Isah, who was reelected as president at the convention. His re-election is a testament to and affirmation of the trust and confidence reposed in his leadership by his colleagues. I charge Mallam Isah and his executive committee to do more for the union and the country in this new tenure. As the pacesetting body for all editors, and, by extension, as guardians of journalistic freedom and quality, this executive committee must ensure that editors and journalists live and work by the creed of their profession. The committee must ensure journalists perform with utmost maturity and responsibility for which they are aptly called the Fourth Estate of the Realm. Let us do more to improve the critical organisations and institutions of our country, particularly at this time. “Once again, I congratulate the new officers of the NGE. I wish them a most successful tenure. It’s only by so doing will they publish true and objective news and issue meaningful commentary while beating back the menaces of fake news, hate speech and biased reporting. Chief Whip of the Senate, Sen. Orji Kalu, has congratulated the President of the Nigerian Guild of Editors (NGE), Mustapha Isa, over his re-electiom. Kalu, in a congratulatory message to the re-elected Isa and returning, new executive members of the guild, hailed the peaceful election of the NGE in Kano.… In "Politics" Mr Mustapha Isah has been re-elected President of the Nigerian Guild of Editors (NGE).Isah won the election with 176 votes to defeat Ms Victoria Ibanga who polled 54 votes at the NGE 2021 Biennial Convention on Monday in Kano. Two Vice Presidents for the West and East were elected in… In "News" Ikeja- Mr Femi Adeshina on Saturday was on Saturday  re-elected unopposed as the President of the Nigerian Guild of Editors (NGE), the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports. NAN reports that Adeshina, along with some executive members of the association were returned unopposed during the 2015 Biennial Convention of the… In "News"