ABUJA  –  The Oluwo of Iwo, Oba Abdulrosheed Akanbi has said disclosed that the Fulanis in his domain repelled an invasion of bandit into his community. Oluwo noted that the incident happened on Saturday when some suspected bandits encroached on the Iwo community. A statement titled ‘How Fulani Repel, Send Suspected Bandits Out of Iwoland’ personally signed by the monarch and made available to The Nation explained that, “Bororo men with their cattle encroached Iwo. The Seriki Fulani with his men stormed the forest to chase the Bororo whose attitude is to eat crops at night and attack farmers. “It could be recalled that I invited the Fulanis to my palace, gave them orientation and charged them to identify the bad eggs among them. “Since that time the leadership of the Fulanis, Seriki, has been keeping up to the responsibility of ensuring culprits are identified, arrested and prosecuted. The Bororo are used to eat farmland and farm crops up at night. And farmers always suspect the Fulanis and take up responsible for such. He noted that “In Iwoland, Fulanis are our security, not our enemies. The three local governments of Iwoland comprising of Iwo, Ayedire and Ola Oluwa, we enjoy a peaceful coexistence with Fulanis. (Nation) Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The indigenous union for Ileogbo, a town in Ayedire Local Government Area of Osun State, Ileogbo Unity Forum, has reacted to the recent call made by the Oluwo of Iwo, Oba AbdulRasheed Adewale Akanbi, for the relocation of Fulani herdsmen into his domain. The union described… In "Top Stories" It was gathered that the evicted Bororo Fulanis began their movement out of the host communities on Wednesday's night with their cows.   Residents of some communities in Ibadan, the Oyo State capital, have sent “Save-Our-Soul” appeal to the State Governor, Mr. Seyi Makinde to beef up security in and around… In "News" Yet the individual that has captured the situation with more clarity, strength and conviction than perhaps any other in the last few days is my friend and brot­her Mr. Tony Ipriye Uranta. Tony has been one of the most courageou­s, consistent and ce­lebrated voices in the struggle for eman­cipation from… In "Opinion"