Grammy winners Burna Boy has continued to dominate the Best International Act category as he clinches the award at the 2021 BET Award ceremony. On Sunday, June 27, the Afrobeat singer received his plaque for the Best International Act at the recently concluded BET Award ceremony. The singer defeated his Nigerian counterpart, Wizkid, Tanzanian singer Diamond Platinumz, amongt several others. This is the third time Burna Boy will be winning the category of Best International Act at the BET Awards. He won in 2019 and 2020 during the COVID lockdown. He was present at the ceremony and collected the award himself after he missed the opportunity in 2019. The 29-year-old received the award with his mom standing beside him. He said; “I made it this time to collect my award myself.” Before leaving the stage, the “Twice As Tall” singer ensured he taught the audience a bit of pidgin English. He said: “And one thing I want to do before I leave here, I’m going to teach you guys a little bit about where you are all really from. Now when I say “una dey there? Una say, we dey.” He then asked the audience; “Una dey there?” to which they all chorused: “We dey.” He thanked everyone and left the stage but not before he told them the meaning of the pidgin he just taught them. Meanwhile in a video on BET’s social media page, ‘Odogwu’ was heard saying; “Three-peat, that’s my third one, back to back.”   By Joshua Olomu Abuja - Nigerian Afro-fusion singer, Damini Ogulu, better known as Burna Boy, has lost the Best World Music Album trophy to Beninese ace singer, Angélique Kidjo, at the 62nd Grammy Award. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the 62nd Annual Grammy Awards ceremony, acclaimed to… In "Entertainment" The popular singer-songwriter Burna Boy has been announced the winner of the Best International act category at the 2019 edition of BET Awards. He was nominated in the category alongside Nigeria's Mr Eazi, Aya Nakamura (France), Dosseh (France), Dave(UK), and Giggs (UK). The BET Awards celebrates achievements in entertainment and… In "Entertainment" Nigerian singers Burna Boy and Rema have been nominated for the Best African Act in the 2020 MTV EMA Nominations. The announcement was made yesterday by MTV. The report by Vanguard revealed that BET Awards 2020 winner and Grammy nominee, Burna Boy has once again been nominated in the Best… In "Entertainment"