ABUJA –   Rivers State governor, Nyesom Wike, has ordered the demolition of all criminal hideouts in Ahoada, Elele, Eleme and Onne to prevent any attempt by any group or individuals to undermine security of the state. The governor said criminals were already coming to terms with the reality that Rivers is too hot for them to invade at will and carry out their foolish attacks on targeted security posts and personnel. Wike, who spoke in state broadcast on Friday, said: “This was the reason we ordered the destruction of all the shanties and makeshift structures located along Elele to Ahoada expanse of the East–West road to deny the criminals the opportunity to continue to undermine our security from these hideouts. “We have equally decided to destroy all the shanties, illegal shops and mechanic sheds along the Eleme to Onne stretch of the East-West road having discovered these places are also as hideouts and operational bases for criminals and criminal activities in the state. “Consequently, I hereby direct owners of such shanties and illegal structures along the Eleme – Onne axis of the East-West road to vacate the area within two weeks from today 11th June 2021 as the state government will go ahead to destroy these structures without any further notice.(Nation). PORT HARCOURT (Sundiata Post) - Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike has explained  that the ongoing  demolition of criminal  hideouts  in the state was aimed at improving  the  security of lives and property and not to displace the residents of  affected shanties. The  governor  further stated that no government woulf fold… In "Metro" PORT HARCOURT (Sundiata Post) - Determined  to  rid Rivers State of cultists and kidnappers, Governor, Nyesom Ezenwo Wike has  directed  the immediate demolition  of property  acquired through crimes in line with the  state anti-kidnapping and cultism law. ‎The governor reiterated  his offer of amnesty to cultists and kidnappers who submit  their… In "Top Stories" By Desmond Ejibas Port Harcourt - The Police in Rivers said it had adopted new strategy to end perennial kidnapping along East-West road and Elele-Owerri road in the state. The Rivers end of the East-West road linking the state to other parts of the country had been a hotbed for kidnappers,… In "Metro"