ABUJA –   The Chief of Defence Staff (CDS), Gen. Lucky Irabor, arrived in Borno capital with other Service chiefs on Wednesday ahead of today’s visit to Maiduguri by President Muhammadu Buhari to assess the security situation in Northeast, On Irabor’s entourage are Chief of Army Staff, Maj.-Gen. Farouq Yahaya; Chief of Air Staff, Air Marshal Isiaka Amao, Chief of Naval Staff, Admiral Awwal Gambo. The Inspector-General of Police, Usman Alkali, who arrived earlier, received the Service chiefs at the Maiduguri Airport from where they all proceeded to headquarters of the Joint Task Force Operation Hadin Kai. Welcoming the security chiefs to the headquarters of Joint Task Force, Operation Hadin Kai, the Acting Theatre Commander, Maj. Gen. F.O Omoigui, said the task force has recorded success in many operations. “These successes have continue to create more enabling environment for socio economic activities,” Omoigui said. The security chiefs later held closed door meeting with the Acting Theatre Commander, Omoigui, the GOC 7 Division, Brig. Gen. A.A Eyitayo, Component, Formation and Units commanders in the fight against insurgency. The President is expected to address troops and inaugurate some completed Federal and State Government projects in the frontline state. The President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), on Thursday appointed Major General Farouk Yahaya as the new Chief of Army Staff, one week after the demise of the former COAS, Lt. Gen. Ibrahim Attahiru and 10 others in a plane crash in Kaduna. Until his appointment, Yahaya was the Theatre… In "News" •Brigadier Onyema Nwachukwu Army spokesperson ABUJA - The Chief of Army Staff, Maj.-Gen. Farouk Yahaya has approved the appointment of Brig.-Gen. Onyema Nwachukwu as the Director of Army Public Relations and Major General CG Musa as New Theatre Commander Of Operation Hadin Kai North East Region. Outgoing Army spokesperson, Brig.-Gen… In "News" The new Chief of Army Staff (COAS), Major General Faruk Yahaya was born on 5 January 1966 in Sifawa, Bodinga Local Government Area of Sokoto state. Maj Gen Yahaya who is a member of the 37 Regular Course of the prestigious Nigerian Defence Academy (NDA), started his cadet training on… In "Features"