Evelyn, wife of the founder of the Synagogue Church of All Nationd, SCOAN, Pastor Temitope Balogun Joshua,  popularly known as T.B Joshua,  has given graphic and precise description of the last moments of her husband- how he died. Evelyn spoke with a select group of journalists on Sunday. She said her husband spent about three hours in prayers before the last service on the mountain and was looking very healthy, adding that he never showed any sign of illness or worry and that his main concern was about the prayer line they offered to Indians against the COVID-19 pandemic. She added: “Afterward, he came up to shower and I left him to have some time to prepare for service as worship had started. “Few minutes later, he stepped out for ministration. “While ministering, he spoke about a time to come and time to leave. “His statements were spiritual and suddenly he left the stage and went to his inner chambers. “I waited a few minutes and thereafter decided to check on him. “I met him sitting on the chair like someone reflecting but unconscious. “I quickly beckoned on his disciples who came and tried to revive him to no avail. “Of a truth, he went home to be with the Lord and left us with a message: ‘Watch and pray.’ •Mrs Nkechi TB Joshua Synagogue Church of All Nations (SCOAN) is a global institution where many, across the globe, seek spiritual help and supports. It goes beyond T.B. Joshua. Someone has to take charge and ensure adherents are consoled. Someone has to lead, inline with SCOAN’s administrative policy. Someone must… In "Metro" LAGOS - Evelyn Joshua, wife of the founder of Synagogue Church of All Nations, Temitope Balogun Joshua, has broken her silence on the death of her husband. Evelyn took to social media to express her grief over jer loss. Brushing aside the Twitter debacle in Nigeria, she took to the… In "Top Stories" •Prophet TB Joshua I watched an inspiring, courageous, brilliant and highly anointed young American lady by the name of Evangelist Angela deliver a powerful and earth-shaking message about how Christians persecute other Christians in Nigeria and the importance of Church unity and Christian solidarity last Sunday. I watched it on… In "Opinion"