RIVERS State Governor, Nyesom Wike, described governors and others defecting from the Peoples’ Democratic Party to join the ruling All Progressives Congress as treacherous.  Wike said this in a statement titled, ‘Governors, others who defect from PDP to APC lack conscience-Wike,’ signed by his media aide, Kelvin Ebiri, in Port Harcourt, on Tuesday. The governor was quoted to have said this during the flag off of Woji-Aleto-Alesa-Refinery Road and bridge with spur to the East-West Road at Woji town. Wike said, “People who could not win an ordinary election. The party used technicality and went to court and got victory. Now, they say they are leaving the party. Hopeless, shameless human beings. People who have no conscience. He accused the APC led government of coercing PDP governors and members to join the ruling party. Wike said, “Bring everything you have against me; I will not join you. Rivers State will not join you. Even if it is the only Rivers State in this country, we will continue to be the People’s Democratic Party.” He also took a swipe at the former Director General of Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency, NIMASA, Dr Dakuku Peterwill, for allegedly lying about the N78Billion Federal Government refund to the state. He said, “I didn’t know he does not understand what they call a promissory note. N78bn was not backed up by cash by the federal government. N78bn was approved by the Federal government, but not in cash. “So, the bank has to come in to take it and discount it, because the federal government is going to pay them back in the next four years. What Rivers state government got was N52 Billion out of N78 Billion. But, in principle, N78 Billion was approved, but was there any cash? No cash to back it up.”  Source Rivers Governor Nyesom Wike has stated he would be a happy should his Edo counterpart, Godwin Obaseki, joins the Peoples Democratic Party(PDP). Obaseki has been disqualified by the All Progressives Congress(APC) from the primary that will produce a candidate for the party ahead of the September governorship race in Edo… In "Politics" Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike has said he resisted many appeals from some quarters to abandon the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) for the All Progressives Congress (APC). Wike in a statement signed by his Special Assistant, Media, Kelvin Ebiri, said he refused to yield to the pressure because he is… In "Politics" •L-R: Governor Dave Umahi and Governor Nyesom Wike  ABUJA - Governor Nyesom Wike of Rivers State on Wednesday challenged his Ebonyi State counterpart Dave Umahi, to a debate over the reasons he gave for defecting from the Peoples Democratic Party to the All Progressives Congress. Wike threw the challenge during… In "Politics"