Abuja –   The Chief Justice of Nigeria (CJN), Tanko Muhammad, on Monday, asked Olasunbo Goodluck, one of the 18 newly sworn-in justices of the Court of Appeal to retake her oath of office because she replaced “God” with “Allah” in the officially recognised concluding remark, Premium Times has reported. Ms Goodluck who hails from Lagos, South-west Nigeria, broke the “So help me God” rule. As the judge walked away from the microphone, the CJN ordered Ms Goodluck to return to the podium and say, “So help me God.” PREMIUM TIMES reported that the inauguration was earlier scheduled to take place in April but had to be postponed due to the nationwide strike of the members of the Judiciary Staff Union of Nigeria (JUSUN). The strike embarked upon by judiciary workers to press for the financial autonomy of the judiciary started on April 6 and went on to ground Nigerian courts and relevant institutions for over two months. President Muhammadu Buhari approved the appointment of the judges following their recommendation by the National Judicial Council (NJC). PREMIUM TIMES reported how the Federal High Court in Abuja, on Friday, struck out a suit demanding three slots for the South-east region in the process of appointing the 18 judges. More details later …Pledges Judiciary’s Commitment to Anti-graft War of President Buhari By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Chief Justice of Nigeria Justice Walter Onnoghen has admonished judges and judicial officers to perform their statutory functions in line with their oaths of office and constitutional provisions. Onnoghen, has said that the judiciary,… In "News" By Martins Odeh Abuja - Justice Tanko Muhammad, Acting Chief Justice of Nigeria (CJN) has urged the 250 appointed Chairmen and members of the Election Petition Tribunals to be guided by the fear of God in the performance of their duties. The new Acting CJN, who replaced Justice Walter Onnoghen… In "Top Stories" IKEJA - Gov. Babatunde Fashola of Lagos State on Friday advocated constitutional amendment to allow states nominate and appoint judges without seeking National Judicial Council’s approval. Fashola made the call after administering oath of office to the four newly appointed judges of the Lagos State High Court. The new justices… In "News"