The House of Representatives on Wednesday received a report on the Petroleum Industry Bill (PIB) from it’s Adhoc Committee, giving indication that the House was ready to pass the bill before embarking on summer break.  Speaker of the House, Rep. Femi Gbajabiamila had informed the House at plenary on Tuesday that it was ready to pass the bill before it’s summer break schedule to begin by the second week of July. Chairman of the Adhoc Committee and Chief Whip of the House, Rep. Mohammed Tahir Monguno presented the final report to the House at plenary on Wednesday. He said; “That the House do receive the Report of the Ad–hoc Committee on Petroleum Industry Bill on a Bill for an Act to Provide Legal, Governance, Regulatory and Fiscal Framework for the Nigerian Petroleum Industry, the Development of Host Communities; and for Related Matters, 2021.” The Speaker however announced that members were to send their aides to collect copies of the final report on the bill for further study before it is considered at a date to be announced later by the House Leadership. The House is also expected to meet with the Group Managing Director of the Nigeria National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) to recieved a briefing on the PIB. On Monday, the Northern Caucus held a retreat on the PIB.  Source The House of Representatives has slated the Petroleum Industry Bill, 2020 for a second reading on Tuesday next week, Speaker Femi Gbajabiamila has disclosed. The Speaker made the disclosure on Wednesday in plenary, while calling for all motions concerning floods across the country, to be consolidated by the Rules and… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  The leadership of the National Assembly said Monday that the ninth Assembly will break the jinx of not being able to pass the Petroleum Industry Bill after several attempts. The President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan and the Speaker of the House of… In "Top Stories" .....Assures of passage of PIB in May, Electoral Amendment Bill in JuneBy Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Senate President, Ahmad Lawan said in Abuja on Tuesday that Nigeria needed the support of her friends around the world in her bid to overcome the current security challenges. Lawan spoke while… In "Top Stories"