The average American home uses 10,649 kilowatt-hours (kWh) of electricity annually. This means that the average families or homeowners in America use 10,649 thousand, or 10.6 million, units of electricity to power their homes for one hour! The burning of fossil fuels such as coal to generate this electricity results in the release of large amounts of CO₂ (carbon dioxide), and other anthropogenic (human-generated) greenhouse gases (a-GHG) that cause the atmosphere to heat, damaging life on earth in a phenomenon known as global warming. In addition, electricity is expensive, costing 13.19¢ per kWh on average, which is a major reason why over 16% of the world does not have access to it. In 1883, New York inventor, Charles Fritts, wanted to create a new energy generation solution and used a principle called the photovoltaic (PV) effect to develop one of the most prominent sustainable energy technologies today: the solar cell, more commonly referred to by its larger counterpart, the solar panel. The photovoltaic effect describes how two semiconductors can absorb light to produce electricity, thus photo, meaning light, and voltaic, meaning electrical force produced. A semiconductor is a type of material that conducts energy, with a force between a very powerful superconductor, and an insulator. For the photovoltaic effect to occur, there must be variation in the semiconductors. While they can be the same element, such as silicon, one must be positive (p-type), and one must be negative (n-type). When the n-type semiconductor is placed overtop the p-type one, it forms an electrical connection called a p-n junction. As light strikes the semiconductors, the energy is absorbed by the atom’s electrons, causing them to become excited and move to a higher energy state called the conduction band. Since the valence electrons physically move, and “jump” from their shell in the n-type, it leaves behind a positive hole in the p-type. Due to the p-n junction already being an electric field, the electrons instead gravitate towards the n-side, while the holes can move towards the p-side. The flow of electrons throughout the material creates a current, which generates electricity (Figure 1). Each semiconductor has a different bandgap, which is the measure of the minimum amount of energy needed for its valence electrons to jump from the atom. Therefore, this also determines which wavelengths, or colors of light, they absorb most strongly. This is why after the semiconductors absorb electromagnetic energy (like the sun’s rays), only a certain percentage of it can be converted into usable electricity, and this serves as the benchmark for each material’s efficiency in photovoltaics. In solar panels, the material layers are turned into rectangular grids called cells, and multiple cells constitute a solar panel. The grids also contain lines of conductive metals to extract the current created from the PV semiconductor. Though Fritts’ initial solar panel used a selenium semiconductor and a thin gold metal sheet, the latest renditions of solar panels use various forms of silicon, which has a general efficiency of 15%, meaning 85% of the light taken in by it is not converted into electricity. Despite its low efficiency, silicon is the second most abundant element on Earth, making it a resource that is cheap and easy to experiment with. However, the minimal-throughput performance of silicon-based solar panels is still an issue, as much of the electrical energy that could be used is lost, meaning that the technology is not suitable for large scale implementation. In addition, solar energy costs are currently not scalable, either. According to an MIT-backed study on solar energy costs, current energy output from solar panels costs around $180 per kWh, but for the world to run completely on solar panels, costs would have to drop to $10-20 per kWh, which is nearly a 90% reduction in price. To increase the efficiency and decrease the cost of solar panels, researchers have begun to pivot away from using silicon-based solar panels, and have started using four other solar panel types: thin-film, organic, quantum-dot-based transparent, and perovskite, each of which is made up of different materials and layers to dramatically optimize photovoltaic devices’ performance, bandgap range, and operability (Figure 2). With the sun releasing 430 quintillion joules of energy each hour, which is more than enough to power the world for multiple years, efficiently harvesting solar energy gives the prospect of low-cost and near-limitless energy generation for every person on the planet. Making energy more accessible, environmentally assistive, and versatile in implementation is a very exciting future that photovoltaic technology could bring about. Ultimately, solar panels are an exciting emerging technology with a swath of environmental and economic impacts that will lead to a (literally and figuratively) brighter future for billions. My name’s Okezue, a developer and researcher obsessed with learning and building things, especially when it involves any technology or science. Check out my socials here, or contact me: i@okezuebell.com. I write something new every day/week, so I hope to see you again soon! Make sure you comment, and leave some claps on this too — especially if you liked it! I sure enjoyed writing it! Twitter | LinkedIn | Website | Newsletter | Podcast The sun is shining on Aiwiaso, a village of 6,600 people in western Ghana. Some 200 kilometres north of the Ghanaian port at Takoradi, 100 kilometres east of the border with the Ivory Coast, the biggest solar power plant ever conceived on the continent is taking shape. Promising enough energy… In "Business" By Abraham Jonah, Middle East Bureau Chief Dubai, the acclaimed tourist-friendly city and business hub of the United Arab Emirates is improving her World Trade performance, leveraging on the solar power advantage In its continued commitment to champion the UAE’s clean energy agenda, the Dubai World Trade Centre (DWTC) seeks… In "News" (Bloomberg) -- Indian Railways plans to tap the sun for energy needs so that it can reduce its dependence on electricity generated by fossil fuels. The rail network plans 1,000 megawatts of solar-power projects in the next five years, Minister Suresh Prabhu said in parliament on Thursday. Developers can use… In "Business"