Pakistan Prime Minister Imran Khan has stirred controversy by once again linking rapes to how women dress, provoking condemnation from political opponents and rights activists.  Khan, in an interview with “Axios on HBO,” suggested that men were tempted into committing sex crimes when women dress immodestly, especially in societies like Pakistan. “If women wear fewer clothes, it will have an impact on men unless they are robots,” Khan, 68, said in the interview, repeating similar remarks made in April. “It reflects his sick mentality towards women. “By blaming victims, he (Khan) had stooped low,” said Marriyum Aurangzeb, spokeswomen for the party of former premier Nawaz Sharif. “Blaming women’s dress for rape is the worst response to a heinous crime. “He must be ashamed of his words,” said Sherry Rahman, a senator from the party of ex-president Asif Zardari. Khan, an Oxford graduate who sported a playboy image during his days as one of the world’s most famous cricketers, drew condemnation last year when he ordered the promotion of a police officer who blamed a woman for her gang rape on a highway, saying she should not have been driving alone late at night.  (dpa/NAN) Islamabad   -     Pakistan’s former ruling party conceded the country’s disputed election to cricket legend-turned politician Imran Khan as final results were expected on Friday, paving the way for Khan to begin searching for coalition partners. Khan, during a speech declaring victory on Thursday, offered to investigate opposition claims of vote-rigging… In "Foreign" Islamabad   -     Pakistan’s Supreme Court is on Friday expected to decide whether to ban opposition leader Imran Khan for concealing assets, the same charge on which the country’s former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif was removed in July. “The three-judge bench is scheduled to announce the decision in the capital Islamabad,’’… In "Foreign" Islamabad   -     Pakistan’s cricket legend Imran Khan declared victory on Thursday in a divisive general election marred by a long delay in ballot counting and allegations of vote rigging by most opponents. “God has given me a chance to come to power to implement that ideology which I started 22… In "Foreign"