A coalition of Civil Society Groups in Nassarawa Local Government Area of Kano State, under the aegis of Save Nassarawa, has appealed to Governor Abdullahi Ganduje to direct the state Anti Corruption Agency to investigate alleged financial crimes by the immediate past council chairman, Lamin Sani.  A statement by the Secretary of the coalition, Murtala Dauda ‘Yan Kaba said available records at the coalition’s disposal indicate that Lamin Sani during his tenure embezzled millions of naira in shoddy contracts and other fraudulent means which contravene financial regulations. The statement alleged that “During the tenure of the immediate past Chairman of Nassarawa Local Government, Lamin Sani, the state government approved huge amounts of money to the Local Government for the purchase of medical equipment for distribution to some health facilities across the local government but to our greatest surprise and the available records before us, Chairman Lamin Sani siphoned the monies for personal use and was able to purchase only seven Scanner Machines which could not be used as all the Cameras in the Machines were faulty; leaving the Scanner Machines redundant.” Dauda ‘Yan Kaba alleged that Sani personalised government property, including vehicles and other logistics during his tenure. ”For instance, the statement added, Lamin Sani gave his biological son a Toyota Camry ’94 model belonging to Nassarawa Local Government without due process, It and was later stolen from the son and Lamin remained mute up to the time he left office. ”For these atrocities and many others, we are ready to give witness before Kano Anti Corruption Agency if the need arises. The group appealed to Governor Ganduje to as a matter of urgency, direct investigations into the scandal in line with his administration’s policy of transparency and accountability as well as zero tolerance for corruption. “However, should the matter be handled with kid gloves, the Coalition will have no option than to file a formal complaint to the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC).”  Source Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Kano State deputy governor, Nasiru Yusuf Gawuna and the Commissioner for local government Mutari Sule Garo have been arrested for alleged electoral misconduct. They were arrested in the early hours of Monday. The deputy governor alongside his ADC, the local government Chairman Lamin Sani were apprehended… In "Top Stories" By Abbas Bamalli Kano -   A coalition of youths progressive associations under the aegis of Nassarawa Concerns in Kano state has called on Gov. Abdullahi Ganduje to look into discrepancies in the selection, screening and subsequent approval of a nominee to serve as a local government Interim Management Officer… In "Top Stories" Lafia  -  The Nasarawa state House of Assembly has set up a six-man ad hoc committee to investigate the alleged release of N30 million to each of the last local government chairmen. The money, meant for capital projects, was allegedly released two days to the end of their tenure in… In "News"