The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB) has given another two-week extension to candidates who genuinely had issues in completing their registration for the 2021 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME).  The deadline for registration was May 29, 2021. A statement yesterday by JAMB’s Head of Information and Protocol, Dr. Fabian Benjamin, reads: “All prospective candidates with genuine proof(s) of failed efforts to register before the closing date, are to, between Monday, May 31 and June 15, 2021, visit any of JAMB’s offices (including JAMB-owned professional test centres, PTCs) across the nation to: “(I) obtain, at no cost, and complete a form, which is being made available to candidates with genuine reasons for missing the registration;  “(ii) submit (for the reading test and application), a certified bank draft of N4,000 in favour of the JAMB (and obtain a signed duplicate copy from the office); “(iii) submit the completed form with a recent passport photograph at the same office of collection; “(iv) collect a copy of the reading test; “(v) await further directives through the registered phone number and public service announcement as soon as the screening is completed.” The board said the registration for the UTME is still not possible without the National Identification Number (NIN) and warned candidates against double registration.  Source The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB) has given two weeks’ extension to candidates genuinely unable to complete their registration for the 2021 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME). The deadline for registration was May 29, 2021. A statement by JAMB’s head of information and protocol, Dr. Fabian Benjamin, noted that… In "News" The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB) says it will no longer extend the closing date for candidates registering for the 2021 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME) and the Direct Entry (DE) applications. The board made this known in its Weekly Bulletin, published by the office of the Registrar and… In "Education" inability of candidates for the 2021 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME) and Direct Entry (DE) to create their profile yesterday forced the Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB) to put registration for the examination on hold. The registration was expected to hold from April 8 to May 15, 2021. But… In "News"