U.S. President Joe Biden will intensify push to renew relations with Europe on Tuesday after a summit at NATO, according to an EU-U.S. draft final summit statement seen by Reuters.  According to the report, Biden is meeting with EU leaders to seek a truce in trade wars and a 17-year-long aircraft subsidy dispute.  “The meeting aims to pause the world’s largest corporate trade dispute between U.S. plane maker Boeing and Europe’s Airbus.’’ The meeting was seen as another opportunity to re-set ties after four tense years with Biden’s predecessor Donald Trump, who imposed tariffs on the EU and promoted Britain’s departure from the bloc. Biden had on Monday at a news conference in Brussels, told NATO leaders “America is back”. He is seeking European support to defend Western liberal democracies in the face of a more assertive Russia and China’s military and economic rise. “We’re facing a once in a century global health crisis at the same time the demographic values that undergird (us) are under increasing pressure,” Biden said, referring to coronavirus (COVID-19). “Russia and China are both seeking to drive a wedge in our transatlantic solidarity.” According to an EU-U.S. draft final summit statement seen by Reuters, Washington and Brussels will commit to ending the dispute over aircraft subsidies and another row over punitive tariffs related to steel and aluminium. U.S. Trade Representative Katherine Tai discussed the aircraft dispute in her first face-to-face meeting with EU counterpart Valdis Dombrovskis on Monday ahead of Tuesday’s U.S.-EU summit. The pair is due to speak on Tuesday afternoon. Freezing the conflict over jet subsides, some of which have been rescinded or wound down, would give both sides more time to focus on broader agendas such as concerns over China’s state-driven economic model, diplomats said. The EU-U.S. summit starts at around midday Central European Time. Biden is also due to meet the Belgian king, prime minister and the country’s foreign minister. On Wednesday, he meets Russian President Vladimir Putin in Geneva. Biden’s summit in Brussels will be with the EU’s chief executive Ursula von der Leyen and the EU’s chairman Charles Michel, who represents EU governments. The summit draft statement to be released at the end of the meeting said they had “a chance and a responsibility to help people make a living and keep them safe, fight climate change, and stand up for democracy and human rights.” There are no firm new transatlantic pledges on climate in the draft summit statement, however, and both sides will steer clear of setting a date to stop burning coal. The EU and the U.S. are the world’s top trading powers, along with China, but Trump sought to sideline the EU. (Reuters/NAN) Brussels - U.S. President Joe Biden is to take part in his debut NATO summit on Monday as the 30 countries look to turn their attention to external threats. The organisation will also seek to put the strained years of Donald Trump’s administration behind them. The NATO members are planning… In "Top Stories" The World Trade Organization’s effort to select a leader and chart a new course for the global trading system hit a roadblock Wednesday after the Trump administration vetoed a bid by front-runner Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, who is a U.S. citizen, to be the WTO’s next director-general.   Deputy U.S. Trade Representative… In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - European Union leaders Charles Michel and Ursula von der Leyen hailed Joe Biden’s electoral victory as president of the United States on Saturday and called for stronger transatlantic ties. “I warmly congratulate Mr Joe Biden on his victory in the US presidential election and look forward… In "Top Stories"