Abuja –  Governor Abdullahi Ganduje of Kano state has solicited for the establishment of a naval base in the state. A statement by the Director of Information, Naval Headquarters, Commodore Suleman Dahun, stated that Ganduje made the request during his maiden visit to the Chief of the Naval Staff (CNS), Vice Adm. Awwal Gambo, at the Naval Headquarters in Abuja. The governor expressed the readiness of his administration to provide befitting infrastructures for the base, when established, to ensure a good working environment for the personnel of the service who would be deployed to Kano. He disclosed that part of the reason for his visit was to commiserate with the Nigerian Navy and the entire Armed Forces of Nigeria over the unfortunate demise of the late Chief of Army Staff, Lt.-Gen. Ibrahim Attahiru, along with 10 others in a plane crash. According to Ganduje, their demise was not only a loss to the Armed Forces of Nigeria, but the entire country, considering the huge sacrifices they made in ensuring peace in the country. He prayed to God for the repose of their souls. The governor equally congratulated the CNS over his appointment and elevation to the rank of Vice Admiral. He noted that although the appointment was coming at a difficult time for national security, he was confident in the ability of the CNS to deliver, judging by his track record, disposition and antecedents. In his remarks, the CNS appreciated the offer for the establishment of a naval base in Kano State, promising to set up a committee to engage with the relevant authorities in the state, to determine how best the service could use the facilities being offered by the state. The CNS revealed that based on the wishes of the state to have a naval presence, the service was planning to hold its Chief of Naval Staff Annual Conference (CONSAC) in August, in Kano. He, therefore, appealed to the governor for support towards ensuring the success of the conference, while lauding his vision to transform the Falgore forest, otherwise known as notorious forest, into a military training ground. Gambo noted that the development had really helped in sanitising the forest from the activities of criminals for the good of the state.He also appreciated the governor for emplacing a viable security structure in the state, which had helped to enhance the well-being and prosperity of Kano State and its people. (NAN) By Stephen Adeleye Lokoja - Gov. Yahaya Bello of Kogi on Friday inaugurated the Nigeria Navy Ship Lugard and Navy Barracks in Banda. The base was established to ensure adequate security of the water ways in the Confluence state and its neighbours. Bello inaugurated the newly constructed brick model 96… In "News" Baga - The Chief of Naval Staff (CNS), Vice Admiral Ibok-Ete Ibas, has assured that the proposed Naval Base at the Lake Chad would consolidate Nigeria’s efforts in ending the Boko Haram insurgency. Ibas gave the assurance on Wednesday while briefing newsmen after inspecting the site of the proposed base… In "News" Kano - The Nigerian Air Force (NAF) would deploy additional forces to Kano to secure the states' airfield, the Chief of Air Staff, Sadique Abubakar, said. He made the disclosure in Kano on Tuesday when he paid a courtesy visit to Gov. Abdullahi Ganduje at the Government House. He said… In "News"