Unknown gunmen on Monday night stormed the residence of Professor Godswill Obioma, strangling him in what his wife suspected to be an assassination, Peoples Gazette reports. “The assassins came in and killed him and left without taking anything,” Elizabeth Obioma told Peoples Gazette by telephone on Tuesday morning. Weeping profusely, Mrs Obioma said her husband had just returned to Minna from a trip to Abuja when the armed men, lurking in his compound, descended on him and strangled him. A police spokesman did not immediately return a request seeking comments about the development. Mr Obioma has been facing attempts to remove him from office as the head of NECO, a prominent examination body run by the Nigerian government. Mr Obioma, 67, was appointed head of NECO barely a year ago on May 14, 2020. He hailed from Abia in Nigeria’s Igbo-dominated South-East region. The incident came barely a day after Ahmed Gulak, a top politician of the ruling APC, was gunned down in Owerri, raising widespread fears of insecurity. Details later… The National Examinations Council (NECO) has gotten a new Registrar and Chief Executive Officer, Professor Godswill Obioma. Professor Obioma’s appointment has been approved by President Muhammadu Buhari. In a letter dated 15th May 2020 with Reference No: FME/PS/396/C1/1/134 and signed by the Minister of Education, Mallam Adamu Adamu, the letter… In "News" By Douglas Okoro Abakaliki - A group, African Students Education Support Initiatives (ASESI), has commended President Muhammadu Buhari for appointing Prof. Godswill Obioma the Registrar of National Examination Council (NECO). In a statement signed by its Executive Director, Mr Chinonso Obasi, in Abakaliki, ASESI said that the appointment was a… In "Politics" The National Examinations Council on Thursday said 26,277 out of the 39,503 candidates who sat for its 2020 Senior School Certificate Examination for external candidates obtained five credits and above including in English Language and Mathematics. The board’s Registrar, Prof Godswill Obioma, disclosed this at the council headquarters in Minna,… In "Education"