Sha’aban Sharada, an ex-media Assistant to President Muhammad Buhari and House Committee Chairman on Security has been suspended by the All Progressive Congress (APC) in Sharada ward, Municipal local government area of Kano State.  This was contained in a press statement signed by the ward Chairman, Abdullahi Umar Sharada and made available to newsmen in Kano on Wednesday. The statement alleged that Sharada has completely been banned from intruding into party affairs at the ward level. The member is also banned from relating with members of the party for the period of one year. The statement added that the APC in Sharada ward had to contend with a series of complaints brought before it by aggrieved members over Sharada’s high handedness. The APC has been receiving complaints from different quarters following series of meetings held to substantiate claims against the embatted member. Recall that Sha’aban Sharada has been at loggerheads with so many top party members after he allegedly accused them of refusal to register him at the ward level in order to truncate his future ambition. Among those he is fighting politically are the State APC Chairman, Abdullahi Abbas, Baffa Babba Dan’agundi, Commissioner for Special Duties, Ishaq Yakasai and the state Governor.   Source By Tukur Muntari   Kano   -      The Kano Electricity Distribution Company (KEDCO) has commenced metering of its customers in Sharada Small-Scale Industrial Estate in Kano after three failed attempts to meter them. This development was disclosed by the company’s Public Relations Officer, Mr Mohammed Kandi, in a… In "News" The late former Chief of Staff to the President, Abba Kyari, is one of those still listed as aides to President Muhammadu Buhari, weeks or months after they have vacated their seats either through death or replacement, Saturday PUNCH reports. A check on the website of the Office of the… In "News" By Ariwodola Idowu Ado Ekiti - Chief Segun Oni, the immediate past Deputy National Chairman (South) of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Chief Segun Oni, has been suspended indefinitely from the party. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Oni, who was also a forner governor of Ekiti,  was… In "Politics"