Popular Nigerian producer and actress, Funke Akindele-Bello has lamented about the drama happening in the BBNaija Reunion show.  The reunion show which started days ago is supposed to be about reconciliation but it seems to be breeding hatred and disrespect among housemates. The first day of the show saw Dorathy, Wathoni exchange unpleasant words at each other, which resulted in Wathoni revealing Dorathy gave Brighto a blow job. It didn’t end there as Tolanibaj took over the next day calling Vee a drop out and a witch while threatening to beat her up. Her insults were met with criticisms from fans who described her as uncouth and condescending. Also, Yesterday’s show was not left out as Kaisha who seemed to be offended by Neo stormed out in anger after he denied never asking her for a kiss. Funke Akindele on Thursday morning took to her Twitter page disclosing her displeasure at the behavior being displayed by housemates on national TV. According to her, she has lost interest in watching the reunion show because it is full of too much disrespect and hatred. Her tweet read: “Chai!! Too much hate, anger, jealousy, bluntness, disrespect. I beg I no watch again!! I no wan enter television dey fight.”   The BBNaija Lockdown Reunion has kicked off. The show started yesterday night, June 17. Viewers are already hooked as the drama is about to unfold. For the first time since October 2020, fans of the show got to see their favorite housemates in the same space as they talked about… In "Entertainment" BBNaija Lockdown Housemates, Vee and Wathoni, recently gave viewers and fans a drama to talk about after their fight over bed space. On their 16th day in the House, Vee and Wathoni ignored their manners and threw caution into the air over bed space and arrangements. Vee had attacked Wathoni… In "Entertainment" BBNaija housemate, Dorathy Bachor has revealed that her father told her not to come back home after the Big Brother Naija show. She is currently one of the most talked about housemate of the ongoing show. Dorathy disclosed that her family warned her not to return back home after the… In "Entertainment"