As the process of amending the 1999 Constitution is ongoing, the Ondo State Governor, Rotimi Akeredolu, has called for a unicameral legislature for the country.  Specifically, the governor said the upper chamber of the National Assembly should be scrapped while the Assembly should be on part-time basis to reduce the cost of governance. Akeredolu stated this at the Akure Centre of the South-West Zonal Public Hearing on the review constitution, held at the International Cultural and Event Centre, Akure, the state capital, on Tuesday. Represented by his deputy, Lucky Aiyedatiwa, the governor said the position of the state was for the Federal Government to be reduced in weight and responsibilities. He said, “The position of the Ondo State Government has been made public. We advocate for a Federal Government largely reduced in size and scope of engagement. We want to see a Constitution that will enhance the performance of public office holders at all levels. “It is possible to have a government that will serve the people in deed and truth. The law of the land must aid this realistic expectation. We must reduce the cost of governance and shift attention to service delivery in this trying period.” He added, “The country may consider dropping the current bicameral structure of the National Assembly and adopt a unicameral legislature. The membership of the Assembly should be part-time. No member should earn allowances not known to the Revenue Mobilisation and Allocation Committee and, more importantly, people they claim to serve. “Legislators should earn under a uniform salary structure. Allowance peculiarities must not be about obscenity. The Senate should be scrapped. The House of Representatives too should not be unwieldy. A maximum of four representatives should come from each zone.” He mentioned the position of the state to include, creation of state police, devolution of powers, state control of resources, decentralization of supreme court among others.  Source   Governor Rotimi Akeredolu has said he's against those clamouring for secession. According to him, he is married to a lady from the South East, so can never be in support of Nigeria's secession. Akeredolu said this when the Senate Committee on the Review of 1999 Constitution paid him a courtesy… In "Features" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The embattled deputy governor of Ondo State, Hon Agboola Ajayi, at the weekend gave Governor Rotimi Akeredolu 21 days to transmit power to him as acting governor.Akeredolu and his estranged deputy had been at loggerheads over the propriety or otherwise of transmitting power to Ajayi while… In "Politics" AKURE - Ondo State Governor, Oluwarotimi Akeredolu, has directed that there should be 24- hour curfew in the state till further notice. Governor Akeredolu made this known on Tuesday night during a special broadcast to address the people of the state on the nationwide protests organized by the youths on… In "Top Stories"