The refusal of the Senate President Ahmed Lawan and his counterpart, House of Representatives Speaker, Femi Gbajabiamila has left activist, Deji Adeyanju fuming.  According to Adeyanju, the two leaders of the national assembly will go to jail for refusing to amend the Electoral Act when their tenure ends in 2023. There have been calls for the amendment of the Electoral Act. Senator Istifanus Gyang (PDP-Plateau North) called for the amendment of the Electoral Act for Nigeria to have credible elections. He stated that the Electoral Act currently in use is outdated and does take into consideration the current realities. He also noted that until Nigeria has an electoral act with the necessary amendments, elections in the country will continue to be a sham. However, President Muhammadu Buhari declined assent to the Electoral Act (Amendment) Bill which was transmitted to him by the National Assembly. The Senior Special Assistant to the President on National Assembly Matters (Senate), Sen. Ita Enang, disclosed this in a statement on Monday. Ita Enang said the President declined assent to the bill due to some issues According to him, one of the concerns of the President was the period fixed for primaries. However, Adeyanju in a tweet via his Twitter account on Tuesday noted that PDP is crying for Electoral Bill Amendment today because they refused to amend it when they were in power and it was benefiting them. He further stated that just like PDP, APC will also cry adding that Ahmed Lawan, Femi Gbajabiamila, and everyone supporting Buhari’s tyranny will go to jail after their tenure. ”PDP is crying for Electoral Bill Amendment today. They refused to amend it when they were in power because it was benefiting them. APC will also cry. ”Those who think they will be in government forever never believed #EndSARS could happen under tyrant Buhari. ”Ahmed Lawan, Femi Gbaja & their children will all go to jail after their tenure with the several anti-people legislation they are proposing. ”Nobody will be in government forever. Where are all the former Senators & Reps today? They should continue dancing to the tune of tyranny,” he wrote.  Source Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  Barely 24 hours after President Muhammadu Buhari  declined signing the Electoral (Amendment) Bill 2018 into law, he has given reasons as to why he declined assent, saying that it was capable of derailing preparations for 2019 polls. Recall It was the fourth time he would be… In "Top Stories" By Emmanuel Oloniruha Abuja  -  Mr Mohammed Nalado, National Chairman, Inter-Party Advisory Council (IPAC) has commended the National Assembly for amending the 2010 Electoral Act. Nalado told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Friday in Abuja that the amendment was timely, “as the country is preparing for 2019 general… In "News" By Abiemwense Moru Abuja -   The House of Representatives says it will re-gazette and retransmit the declined Electoral Act Amendment Bill for Presidential assent. The spokesman of the House, Rep. Abdulrazak Namdas, made this known on Wednesday at a press briefing in Abuja. Namdas said that the House would… In "Politics"