Peju Johnson, the voluptuous Nollywood actress, has said that she almost quit acting.  She almost quit because of the constant demand she got for s*x in exchange for roles. Speaking during an encounter with Sunday Scoop, she said, “I actually wanted to quit acting in the early days of my career. Firstly, the stress of going from one location to the other could be exhausting. The second reason was because of the demand for sex in exchange for roles. Many people approached me, saying they would help my career if I dated them or had sex with them. Because I declined, nobody called me for jobs. I was at home for many months without getting any roles just because I refused to sleep my way to the top. I am sure I am at this stage right now because I am not sleeping with people in the industry. I believe only God can make one a star. I am not desperate. God’s time is the best.” Johnson also disagreed with people who were of the opinion that actors were fetish. She said, “A lot of people believe actors are fetish. I remember that someone told a friend of mine to be careful with me because I was an actress and ‘would be fetish’. My friend just laughed and told the person that I was not such a person. My friend knows that I pray a lot and I am close to God. Some actors could be fetish but it is definitely not all of us.” Unlike some busty ladies who often battled back ache, Johnson maintained that having large mammary glands did not come with any side effects. She said, “Being busty does not have any side effect on me. My boobs are not too big. They are normal big boobs.”   Source Beautiful Nigerian actress, Jennifer Obodo has told of how fake lovers almost forced her out of the movie industry.  Jennifer Obodo Fast rising actress and model, Jennifer Obodo, has narrated her encounter with ‘fake lovers’ in the movie industry. The thespian also talks about why she can’t act nude even for… In "Entertainment" Miss Peju Akins (pseudonym) was offered a poisoned chalice in a Lagos church in January, 2015; she embraced it hook, line and sinker! A lady she met during Sunday service painted the rosy picture of Libya, with the streets of Tripoli “flowing with milk and honey’’, and the promise that… In "Features" doesn’t hide her feelings. She says it as it is. In this interview, she takes us through her journey into entertainment, encounter with randy producers, sex, marriage and how she copes on lonely, cold nights. Chesan Nze What led to your recent Instagram outburst on producers who demand sex for… In "Metro"