Governor David Umahi of Ebonyi State on Wednesday suspended the Coordinator of Ikwo East Development Center, Mr. Emmanuel Ejima.  Development Centers are the fourth tier of government in the state.  There are 64 of them across the 13 local government areas in the state. Secretary to the state government, Kenneth Ụgbala announced the suspension in a statement on Wednesday. According to him, the suspension is indefinite and with immediate effect. He said: “His Excellency, the Governor of Ebonyi State, Engr. Chief David Nweze Umahi, FNSE, FNATE, has approved the indefinite suspension of Mr. Emmanuel Ekuma from office as Coordinator, Ikwo East Development Centre for negligence and dereliction of duty with immediate effect. “Consequently, Mr. Emmanuel Ekuma has directed to handover all government property in his possession to Secretary to the State Government and Coordinating Commissioner before the close of work on Wednesday, 2nd June 2021.” Though no reason was given for the suspension of the coordinator, it is believed that it may not be unconnected with the fresh outbreak of hostilities between a community in his domain and a neighbouring community in the Abakaliki local government area of the state. The Enyibichiri/Enyingba communal crisis has been on for years with intermittent clashes between the two communities leading to loss of lives. It was gathered that fresh hostilities resumed few days ago leading to the blockade of the Nwakpu/Nkwagu road leading to the Alex Ekwueme Federal University Ndufu Alike Ịkwọ by the warring fighters.  Source Governor David Umahi of Ebonyi State, has sacked his Special Assistant on Internal Security and Utility (Urban), Mr. Saint Nchekwube Anakor for non performance and prevailing security challenges in the state.   The Governor also sacked the Development Centre Coordinator of Anuagata, Barr. Amos Ogbonnaya, Coordinator Okposi Development Center ,… In "Politics" Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  Ebonyi State Governor, David Umahi, has sacked his Special Assistant on Security and Utility (Urban), Saint Aniakor, and three Development Centre Coordinators over the recent destruction of police stations and other properties in their domains. This was contained in a statement by the Secretary to the… In "Top Stories" By Chukwuemeka Opara  Abakaliki - Gov. David Umahi of Ebonyi on Friday suspended the Auditor-General of the state, Mr Innocent Nwida from office over the latest communal crisis in the state. The governor also suspended other elected and appointed office holders from Igbeagu Community in the Izzi Local Government Area… In "News"