The World Health Organisation (WHO) on Wednesday officially granted China a malaria-free certification as a token of celebration of the country’s successful elimination of the disease after 70 years of its struggles against malaria.  From 30 million malaria cases in the 1940s, China brought down that number over the last decades, to have finally achieved no cases in the last four years, the WHO said. “Today we congratulate the people of China on ridding the country of malaria,’’ said WHO Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus. “Their successes weres hard-earned and came only after decades of targeted and sustained action,’’ he added. China’s efforts against malaria started in the 1950s, as the disease was rampant in the southern part of the country, close to other hotspots in mainland Southeast Asia. The “523 Project’’ a research programme launched in 1967, allowed Chinese Nobel Prize winner Tu Youyou to discover artemisinin, one of the most effective antimalarial drugs nowadays, according to WHO. Over the last two decades, China ramped up its efforts and reduced the number of cases in the 1990s from 117,000 to 5,000 annually by providing staff training, laboratory equipment, antimalarial medicines and new methods to control mosquito propagation. The “1-3-7’’ strategy one day to report a case, three days to confirm a case and seven days to prevent further spread of the disease was also a tool of success and was still used nowadays for travelers coming from malaria-infected countries. No cases were reported in China in the last four years, warranting the malaria-free credential by the WHO. “Over many decades, China’s ability to think outside the box served the country well in its own response to malaria, and also had a significant ripple effect globally.’’ Pedro Alonso, director of the WHO Global Malaria Programme said. (Xinhua/NAN) By Sadiya Hamza UN -  The World Health Organisation (WHO), has said that about 3.2 billion people remained at risk to malaria attack globally. This is contained in a report entitled: "Eliminating Malaria", released on Monday on World Malaria Day, observed every year on April 25. It stated that in… In "Foreign" London   -      Progress in the global fight against malaria has stalled amid signs of flat-lining funding and complacency that the mosquito-borne disease is less of a threat, the WHO said on Wednesday. WHO said in its annual World Malaria Report said malaria infected around 216 million people in 91 countries… In "Health" Observers note that the theme of this year’s World Malaria Day, `` Invest in the future. Defeat malaria’’, is full of messages, while the messages are full of expectations. Medical experts describe malaria as a preventable and treatable infectious disease that is transmitted by mosquitoes. They say malaria is a… In "News"