ABUJA –  Governor David Umahi of Ebonyi State, on Tuesday asked the Benue State Government to establish its own security outfit, considering the spates of killings in that state. Visibly pained, Umahi, who was in tears, stated this at the Alex Ekwueme Federal Teaching Hospital 2, Abakaliki, on Tuesday, when he visited victims of the Sunday killings, saying the perpetrators showed some form of satanism in the dastardly acts. According to Umahi, Benue government exhibited the height of irresponsibility when it went on air on Tuesday and announced it didn’t know whether victims of the attacks were from Ebonyi or Benue states. He said, “What I saw this afternoon is nothing but an act of wickedness and Satanism. I do not know for any reason why people should be raping two-year-old children, inflicting machete cuts on one-year-old little children, killing their mothers, killing their fathers. Is it for what reason? Amid rising insecurity, gunmen raze another Imo police stationLife becoming valueless in Nigeria –Group“It is important that the people of Benue State form their own Ebube Agu to protect their own people instead of blaming Mr. President. Mr. President cannot be everywhere. Punch By Chukwuemeka Opara   Abakaliki -   Gov. David Umahi of Ebonyi on Tuesday in Abakaliki said that the people of Ebonyi were ready to resist security outfits which undo them and would not cooperate with them. Umahi made the assertion while receiving the new Commissioner of Police to the… In "News" Ebonyi state governor, David Umahi, reacted to the clash between herdsmen and farmers at Enyanwu Igwe Igbeagu community - The governor ordered the herdsmen in the community to vacate immediately - He said he can't watch and let killings like that of Benue happen in his state Governor David Umahi… In "News" Elderstatesman, Emmanuel Iwuanyanwu, has warned perpetrators of the recent killings in Ebonyi State, saying Igbo would no longer tolerate such again. Iwuanyanwu, who spoke during an award bestowed on him by the Nigeria Patriotic Youths Against Corruption and Transparency Initiative in Owerri, Imo, yesterday, said Igbo have always chosen the… In "News"