Twitter has deleted tweet wherein President Muhammadu Buhari threatened to deal with ‘people’ who didn’t learn from the civil war.  Checks by The Nation showed that Buhari’s tweet was deleted for allegedly violating its rules.  “Many of those misbehaving today are too young to be aware of the destruction and loss of lives that occurred during the Nigerian Civil War. “Those of us in the fields for 30 months, who went through the war, will treat them in the language they understand,” Buhari had tweeted on Tuesday. The president’s tweet was in reaction to widespread attacks on public facilities by unknown arsonists in the South East region. The tweet however sparked outrage on Tuesday evening with many social media users describing it as ‘genocidal’ and a direct threat to people of the South-East region of Nigeria. The Nation gathered that several users reported the President’s Twitter account. In Twitter Rules and policies, the company explains the process of removing a tweet considered to have violated its rules. “When we determine that a Tweet violated the Twitter Rules, we require the violator to remove it before they can Tweet again. We send an email notification to the violator identifying the Tweet(s) in violation and which policies have been violated. They will then need to go through the process of removing the violating Tweet or appealing our review if they believe we made an error,”   Source  •President Muhammadu Buhari Social media giant, Twitter, has pulled down two tweets by Nigeria's president, Muhammadu Buhari for "violating the Twitter rules". In one of the "offensive" tweets sighted on his official Twitter handle @Mbuhari, the president had tweeted on Tuesday (yesterday):"Many of those misbehaving today are too young to… In "Top Stories" The federal government has lashed out at social media giant, Twitter, for playing alleged double standards on issues concerning Nigeria’s domestic issues, describing the company’s role in Nigeria as suspect. Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, reacting to questions over the reported deletion of President Muhammadu Buhari’s tweets… In "News" Twitter, the popular microblogging site, has deleted the tweets by the Minister of State for Labour and Employment, Festus Keyamo, where he leaked the chat between him and Eedris Abdulkareem. Twitter said the tweets, which also contained Abdulkareem’s phone number, were deleted simply because the minister ‘violated the rules’ of… In "News"