Pan-Arewa socio-political organisations, under the aegis the Coalition of Northern Groups, on Sunday faulted the comment by the Ohanaeze Ndigbo against the Igbo secession plot for an independent Republic of Biafra, describing it as a hypocritical attempt to fool the nation.  While reminding Ohanaeze that the Igbo “can only fool some people sometimes, but cannot fool all the people all the time,” the CNG said it was “quite aware of the renewed antics of the protégés of those that assassinated our forefathers, their foot soldiers from other parts of the South and cronies from the North which we are ready to resist and expose.” The CNG reminded Ohanaeze and all Igbo leaders that, “Nigerians are not in a hurry to forget their betrayal of the trust and accommodation accorded them despite the atrocities they caused in 1966.” The spokesperson for the CNG, Abdul-Azeez Suleiman, in a statement titled, ‘Biafra: CNG tackles Ohanaeze, says North can’t be fooled again,’ added, “It is no longer in doubt that the current violent agitations and disturbances over Biafra is clearly an agenda with a wholesome backing from every component of the Igbo community in Nigeria and in the Diaspora, including Ohanaeze. “It is therefore, the peak of hypocrisy for the Ohanaeze at this point, to attempt to distance itself from the ongoing violence and crime against humanity, whereas it has been silent all the while northerners living in the South-East are daily harassed, attacked, murdered in cold blood, and their properties destroyed. “Instructively, the same Ohanaeze was conspiratorially silent when Ahmed Gulak, a prominent Northern figure was assassinated on the streets of Imo by Igbo-backed militia of the IPOB and ESN.” Aide allegedly killed, others missing as troops invade IPOB lawyer’s homeJubilation as security operatives kill ‘gunmen leader’ in ImoThe CNG added that hundreds of northerners had suffered in the hands of the “increasingly emboldened Igbo terrorists since 2017, though largely deliberately under-reported by the traditionally hostile section of the Southern Nigerian media whose intrinsic bias manifests whenever matters that affect the North are reported or commented on.” The CNG added, “The North will no longer remain passive under such deliberate and sustained attacks on its people, nor be disposed any longer to relating with the Igbo as federating partners and shall take every measure to realize Biafra so that the Igbo will leave and peace would reign again.”  Source Ohanaeze Ndigbo, the apex Igbo socio-cultural and political body, has commented on the Nnamdi Kanu's statement.   The group dissociated itself from inciting comments made by the leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, Nnamdi Kanu, over the ongoing carnage in Lagos State, The PUNCH reports.   President General, Ohanaeze… In "News" The Coalition of Northern Groups (CNG) has given a warning to Igbos following the assassination of Ahmed Gulak, a former presidential aide. CNG on Sunday said the North can no longer continue to coexist with people of Igbo extraction in Nigeria. CNG said the assassination of Ahmed Gulak, a former… In "News" The apex Igbo socio-cultural group, Ohanaeze Ndigbo has denied reports credited to a Yoruba group alleging that Igbos were complicit in the destruction of Yoruba assets in Lagos. The group also dissociated itself from the position of Nnamdi Kanu, leader of Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) on the matter. In… In "News"