Nigerian musician, Davido has prayed against a prophecy by a pastor saying that he will be poisoned by a close friend living in his house.  The Pastor who said he’s been praying to God for the vision to be averted, also said that he doesn’t know the singer and has never met him.  The cleric was heard saying; “I told you about one singer called Davido, abi? They will poison him. I don’t know him and I haven’t seen him in my life. But they will put something in his drink. He will be rushed to hospital, he will be admitted, he will be conscious. “I’ve been dealing with it in prayer but the lord said it will happen. And the person that will poison him is sleeping in his house. Somebody give the lord a clap offering. “Did he die? I didn’t see him die. But he will lose something in his body that will handicap him.” Davido in a tweet he shared after the video went viral, prayed to God to expose and deal with any wickedness around him, both near or far A post shared by Lindaikejiblog (@lindaikejiblogofficial)  Many Nigerian pastors and prophecies are like Siamese twins. There is hardly any salient issue they don’t make prophesy on. But most times, the fabulous predictions, usually attributed to inspiration from God, are always inaccurate. The last presidential election received several unsolicited prophecies which particularly targeted President Muhammadu Buhari of… In "Features" In recent time and in the past, several Nigerian pastors have uttered prophecies using the name of God. But to the consternation of all, such prophecies never came to pass. What went wrong? Can God be lying? No! The bible said in Hebrew 6:18 “That by two immutable things, in… In "Metro" By Siji Odusola Abuja - After a successful 2019, Superstar Nigerian Singer and Song Writer, David Adedeji Adeleke, aka Davido, opened the year with a new song titled ‘2020 Letter To You.’ The song kicks off with Davido advising and encouraging his listeners in the lyrics. “Manage your state, magnify… In "Entertainment"