The Minister of Information and Culture, Lai Mohammed, on Tuesday said no administration in the history of Nigeria has done so much with little like the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), has been doing since inception in 2015.  Mohammed spoke at a press briefing in Abuja organised to announce the production of a documentary on achievements of Buhari’s regime. The minister said, “Let me repeat what I have said many times in the past: never in the history of our country has any administration done so much with so little. “It’s easy to forget now, but when this administration came into office in 2015, the price of crude oil, which provides 80 per cent of Nigeria’s budgetary revenues and 95 per cent of foreign exchange earnings, dropped drastically and, along with it, the fund available to the government. “It is therefore monumental that this administration has achieved so much despite the paucity of fund. “I want to state emphatically that while more attention has been given, especially in recent times, to the security challenges facing our country, those challenges are fleeting and will not define the legacy of President Muhammadu Buhari. “Let me say that President Buhari’s legacy is assured, and will be defined by his massive achievements in office. The roads, rails, bridges, mass housing, port development, improvement in power supply and other massive infrastructural development will last for generations to come and will help propel economic growth and national development.”  Source Lai Mohammed, minister of information, says his only regret in the current administration is that Nigerians do not appreciate how much the government is doing with little resources. Speaking at a special forum of NAN in Abuja on Tuesday, Mohammed said no government in the history of Nigeria has implemented… In "News" By Ismaila Chafe Abuja -  President Muhammadu Buhari says he stopped his Special Adviser on Media and Publicity Femi Adesina from replying former President Olusegun Obasanjo’s letter against his administration because of Adesina’s age. The president explained the reasons when members of Buhari Support Organisation visited him at the Presidential… In "Top Stories" By Rotimi Ijikanmi Ilorin -  The Federal Government has appealed to Churches and other religious organisations to use their platforms to propagate the achievements of the President Muhammadu Buhari led Administration. The Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, made the appeal at his country home, Oro, near Ilorin,… In "News"