Group of vigilante youths, Bakassi Boys have made a return to the South East years after they were disbanded.  The group was seen going around in Awka in two vans, singing and warning criminals, DailyTrust reports.  A source told the publication: “The boys came mainly for alleged cult groups which have taken over Awka town in recent time without any response from the Police. I think they were invited by traders.” When contacted, the Police Public Relations Officer in the state, Ikenga Tochukwu, said he was not aware of the development, according to the publication. The PPRO, however, said that the police is ready to work with any stakeholder in security. A Senior Police Officer, who spoke to DailyTrust on condition of anonymity, said some security men arrived at the state, but failed to confirm if they were sent by the government. The source said, “That is the only thing I can tell you, for now. Let’s see how things work out in the days and weeks to come.” Bakassi Boys have been known to carry out extrajudicial killings.  Source …as tension heightens ABUJA - Tension has heightened in Anambra State following the alleged arrival of an orthodox security outfit to help other security agencies to rid the State of cultist and other criminal elements The “Bakassi -like” security outfit has allegedly, killed and burnt Six suspects in Awka. The… In "Top Stories" Ebonyi state government on Monday debunked the allegations that it inaugurated a vigilante group called “Bakassi Boys ” to fight the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB). Rumour making round on social media, spearheaded by a group called “The Biafra Restoration Voice (TBRV) alleged that Governor David Umahi of Ebonyi… In "News" On the 19th of January 2013, the people of Amansea community in Awka North local government area of Anambra State woke up to an inexplicably horrendous tragedy. Some villagers had gone to fetch water early that faithful morning when they were greeted by the gory sights of bloated bodies floating… In "Opinion"