…as tension heightens ABUJA –  Tension has heightened in Anambra State following the alleged arrival of an orthodox security outfit to help other security agencies to rid the State of cultist and other criminal elements The “Bakassi -like” security outfit has allegedly, killed and burnt Six suspects in Awka. The killings and burning of the suspects happened Monday, as fear gripped residents. The Nation learnt the outfit arrived Awka capital city on Saturday and swung into action immediately A source who spoke with The Nation said the ‘boys ‘ came mainly for alleged cult groups which had taken over Awka town in recent time without any response from the Police. When contacted, the State Police Public Relations Officer, Ikenga Tochukwu, said what The Nation gave him was an information. He said, “I don’t have any of such details before me. Meanwhile I will make enquires please and get back to you.” However, a Senior Police Officer, who spoke with The Nation in confidence said some security men arrived the State, but the source failed to confirm whether they were orthodox or sent by the government. According to the source, “that’s the only thing I can tell you for now, let’s see how things work out in days and weeks to come. “If they engage in jungle justice, nobody will talk especially the Lawyers and Human Rights groups, but when Police engage in such, the whole world will tumble and that’s what the State deserves at this moment, ” the source said. Source By Pamela Eboh AWKA - A police officer has been arrested for allegedly raping a 35-year-old lady at an ATM booth at night in Awka, Anambra State. News Express gathered that the police officer raped the lady in the premises of one of the commercial banks in Awka, the state capital,… In "News" •Governor Willie Obiano of Anambra State There is palpable tension in Ifite Isuaniocha community, Awka North Local Government Area of Anambra state following alleged importation of suspected herdsmen in the area. Some residents were said to have abandoned their homes and fled the area following a viral rumour on the… In "Top Stories" Amawbia   -     A 26-year-old alleged army deserter, Ebeje Nnamdi, suspected to be the trainer of members of Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), has been arrested by Police in Anambra. Nnamdi was arrested alongside three others for their alleged involvement in armed robbery in Iyi Oji area of… In "News"