Prominent Islamic cleric and tutor, Ahmad Gumi, has urged the Federal Government to support splinter groups among bandits as a way to stop the worsening insecurity in the nation.  Gumi in a fresh interview with Punch, said many bandits were ready for a dialogue and that the Federal government could use them to fight the “ugly ones” and end the kidnappings carried out by them. The Sheik who had previously advocated for amnesty for bandits, said ; “We are always trying to do our best, but you see, you need two hands to shake. You know these people (bandits) need engagements from the government itself. If you dialogue with them without the involvement of the government, it is a problem. Government needs to be proactive with them. We have a lot of them that are ready to fight the bad ones. Use the bad to fight the ugly, and use the good to fight the bad ones when you’re done with the ugly. Look at Boko Haram, who finished Shekau? Was it not the splinter group? So, it is easy. All these agitations you see, if the government can do a splinter group and the splinter group is empowered, every man wants power and money, they will do your job. There are many ready to submit themselves. All the ones you see me meeting in the bush, they are all telling us, ‘we are ready.’” Source Kaduna-based Islamic cleric, Sheik Ahmad Gumi, on Sunday said the amnesty he proposed for bandits in the North should be extended to the Fulani involved in kidnappings in the South. Gumi, who stated this in an interview with one of our correspondents, also said the bandits involved in kidnappings were… In "News" Renowned Islamic cleric, Sheik Ahmad Gumi has stated bandits are militants fighting for ethnic survival. The former captain in the Nigeria Defence Academy (NDA) spoke on Channels Television’s Politics Today on Monday. Speaking about his experience with the armed herders, he said: “It is a complex issue. It is an… In "News" An Islamic cleric, Sheik Ahmad Gumi, on Tuesday urged government not to take the threat by the kidnappers of students of Greenfield University, Kaduna lightly. Gumi, who stated this in an interview with The PUNCH, said the Central Bank of Nigeria should pay the N100m ransom being demanded by the… In "News"