A senior lecturer with the University of Jos, Dr Dan Ella, who was kidnapped by gunmen has regained his freedom.  It was learnt that Ella was picked up on Thursday night along Jos-Bauchi Road after his abductors released him.  The University don with the Department of Theatre Arts in the institution was abducted in the early hours of Wednesday by gunmen who attacked his residence located near Haske quarters in Lamingo community, Jos North Local Government Area of the state. The Chairman of the University of Jos branch of the Academic Staff Union of Universities, Dr Lazarus Maigoro confirmed Ella’s release to our Correspondent in Jos on Friday The ASUU Chairman said, “I can confirm to you that our abducted colleague has been released and we thank God for regaining his freedom. “But we are not happy over what is happening because this is the 4th time our colleague was abducted within this year. “There have been security meetings and yet these abductions kept on happening. Early this year, one staff was kidnapped right inside the University quarters and those who are resident outside the quarters are not safe either. How do you explain this kind of situation?” He called on the authorities to find a solution to the problem and stop the further abduction of lecturers in the University.  Source The Academic Staff Union of Universities at the Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile Ife, Osun State, has called for the unconditional release of Dr. Femi Omisore of the Department of Urban and Regional Planning, who was abducted by some gunmen in Ado Ekiti on Friday. The Chairman of ASUU, OAU chapter,… In "News" According to The PUNCH, some gunmen attacked the University of Jos Staff Quarters on Friday night shot dead a lecturer identified as Dr Nendi Drengkat. It was learnt that the gunmen also kidnapped Drengkat’s six-year-old daughter in the attack. Chairman of the institution’s branch of the Academic Staff Union of… In "News" According to a report by The PUNCH, some gunmen have abducted the Deputy Director of Information Communication Technology of Tai Solarin University of Education, Ijebu-Ode, Mrs. Lateefat Abimbola, a student of the Federal University of Agriculture, Abeokuta, Toyinbo Olayinka, and two others. While Abimbola was kidnapped in Ijebu-Ode on Thursday,… In "News"