Trios Integrated Water Services, maker of pure and clean packaged water recently got certified with the prestigious Mandatory Conformity Assessment Programme (MANCAP) by the Standard Organisation of Nigeria (SON). The MANCAP is a mandatory product certification scheme put in place by SON to ensure that all locally manufactured products in the country conform to the relevant Nigerian Industrial Standards (NIS) before such products are presented for sale in the market or exported. The feat which was achieved after a thorough and transparent testing process carried out by the SON for two years signifies that the company has the required capacity to provide satisfaction to consumers through compliance with government policies on standardisation and conformity assessment. Speaking after receiving the certificate, the Managing Director Asiwaju Oyedeji Olajubu described the accreditation as a testament to the deliberate effort the management of the company has ensued since its inception. “This is another milestone in our company’s goal of delivering quality product that will offer value for money. This certification indicates that our water has met exportable standards and we can always improve on this standard to create a better satisfaction for our consumers,” he stated. Source  By Olubukola Olu-Ola Ilorin  -   The Kwara office of the Standards Organisation of Nigeria (SON) on Thursday in Ilorin presented the Mandatory Conformity Assessment Programme (MANCAP) certification to Wyte Rock Global Resources. The Director-General of SON, Mr Osita Anthony, who was represented by the State Coordinator, Mr Sunday Yashim,… In "News" By Oluwafunke Ishola Lagos -  The BUA Sugar Refinery has received the revalidation of the Mandatory Conformity Assessment Programme (MANCAP) product quality certificate of the Standards Organisation of Nigeria (SON) for its refined white sugar. BUA Sugar Refinery is a subsidiary of BUA Group of Companies. Mr Osita Aboloma, the… In "Business" Lokoja -  The Standards Organisation of Nigeria (SON) says products of Dangote Cement Company have successfully passed through its Mandatory Conformity Assessment Programme (MANCAP). Its Director-General, Mr Ostia Aboloma, announced this during a partnership facility tour of the Dangote Cement plant at Obajana, Kogi State on Thursday. Aboloma, who was… In "Business"