More grim report about the death of SuperTV CEO, Micheal Usifo Ataga has been revealed.  Recall that the CEO was allegedly killed by Miss Chidinma Ojukwu, a 300 level student of the University of Lagos last week. A member of the family, who spoke with Vanguard in confidence has disclosed that there were minor bruises on late Usifo’s body during its inspection in the morgue. It was further revealed that late Usifo’s neck was broken when inspected. Sources also disclosed that there were marks on his wrists, suggesting that he could have been bound. A rope suspected to have been used to tie his hands was reportedly found inside the short-let apartment on 19 Adewale Oshin Street in Lekki phase 1. Elder brother to the deceased, Dr. Isi Ataga, in a statement entitled: Who will speak for Usifo Ataga?’, also confirmed these findings. He said: “Usifo died a horrific death. He was not stabbed two or even five times; he was stabbed multiple times. His hands were bound tightly and the marks were still all over his wrists, accompanied with evidence of torture and assault even as his corpse lay in the morgue. “And no one in the entire building heard his screams because he was gagged. Let that sink in, he was bound, gagged and tortured! “The now-viral video of the room with the deceased lying on the floor shows a room with blood-stained walls and floor, evidence of a ferocious struggle. One person could never have carried these out.”  Source As deep investigations continue into the circumstances surrounding the death of the Chief Executive Officer, Super TV, Usifo Ataga, the prime suspect, Chidinma Ojukwu, during an exclusive interview with Sunday PUNCH on Saturday, said she doesn’t want to die over the case. Amid cries, the University of Lagos undergraduate said,… In "News" •Usifo Ataga and Chidinma Ojukwu Former aide to erstwhile President Goodluck Jonathan, Reno Omokri has reacted to the story of a UNILAG student, Chidinma Adaora Ojukwu who reportedly killed her sugar daddy, Usifo Ataga, the Super TV boss. According to Omokri, Chidinma is a victim of circumstance. Omokri said that… In "Social Media Feeds" •The suspect, Chidinma Ojukwu LAGOS - Men of the Lagos State Police Command have arrested the father Chidinma Ojukwu, who allegedly stabbed the Chief Executive Officer of Super TV, Usifo Ataga, to death. A top police source, who pleaded anonymity because he was not authorised to speak on the matter,… In "Metro"