Security operatives have been ordered to increase patrols around Nigeria’s land borders to check the activities of bandits and terrorists.  President Muhammadu Buhari gave the order in a statement issued by Femi Adesina, the Special Adviser to the President on Media & Publicity. Mr Buhari while speaking at the virtual commissioning ceremony of the Nigeria Immigration Service, NIS, Technology Building, in Abuja, directed Nigeria Immigration Service, NIS, to improve surveillance and control around the nation’s borders to check rising insecurity in the country.. According to him, all security agencies must raise their performance in protecting lives and property, with a mandate that the country’s Global Security Index must be improved. He said: “It is imperative that our ranking in the Global Security Index improves and I am using this medium to call on all security agencies to step up their activities towards achieving this goal. “I assure you that the administration will give the much needed support to you in your operations.” The president urged the NIS to collaborate with international security organisations like INTERPOL in safeguarding the borders. He added: “As a security agency, I charge you to be relentless in carrying out your statutory duties of keeping our borders safe while you ensure that criminal elements don’t find Nigeria as a safe haven to hide and perpetrate their criminality. “I urge you to actively collaborate with international security organisations like the INTERPOL in safeguarding our borders. Remember that a safe border is a prerequisite for a safe nation. “You must develop strong working relationships and ties with the international community and friendly nations as it relates to migration management; adopt and implement workable strategies from them while also sharing your best practices. “Frontline workers and operators should remember that they are our windows to the world. They must show the best face of Nigeria at all times.” Source President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the deployment of drones, aircraft and geospatial technology for the monitoring of borders, it was learnt on Tuesday. A source said the strategy was part of the e-Customs that the nation will use for the surveillance of the movement of illicit goods and persons. With… In "News" Owerri - The Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS) says that the new National Border Management Strategy (NBMS) will enhance national security, contribute to national economic development and promote social harmony. Its Comptroller General, Muhammed Babandede, said this at a “Sensitization Workshop for Stakeholders on the Nigeria Immigration Service National Border Management… In "News" The increasing spate of insecurity may lead to an ethnoreligious war and famine, Deputy Senate Leader, Ajayi Boroffice, has said. He is worried that the nation is entering “a phase in governance trajectory characterised by unabated terrorism, insurgency, banditry and kidnappings.” Boroffice, in a motion scheduled for debated on Tuesday… In "Features"