Bisola Awodele, a 43-year-old housewife, is reported to have poured hot water on her husband whom she accused of drunkenness and not responsible for the family welfare.  According to PREMIUM TIMES, the mother of five, who is now in police custody at Sango Ota, on interrogation, confirmed her action, according to the police, explaining that her husband is fond of getting home drunk everyday. She said she had cautioned him several times but he failed to change. The Ogun State Police Command Public Relations Officer, Abimbola Oyeyemi, who made this known on Sunday , said the suspect was arrested on March 8, adding that the hot water had caused the victim a grievous harm. “The suspect was arrested following a report by the husband, one Peter Phillips, who ran to Sango Ota Area Command with a first degree burns all over his body and reported that his wife, a mother of five, accused him of getting drunk always as a result of which she picked a pot containing already boiled water, and poured it on his body”, Mr Oyeyemi said. “Upon the report, the Area Commander ACP Muhideen Obe quickly directed his JWC section to effect the arrest of the murderous woman. The team swiftly moved to the scene where the suspect was promptly apprehended. “On interrogation, the suspect explained to the police how her husband is fond of coming home drunk always without contributing anything to the welfare of her and the children. “She stated further that on that fateful day, the husband came home drunk as usual, and while she was complaining about the husband act of drunkenness, the man started insulting her and her parents which infuriated her, consequence of which she poured the hot water on his body”, he added. The police spokesperson said preliminary investigation also revealed that the suspect gave birth to a baby about eight months ago, but killed and secretly buried the baby out of frustration. The police investigating team had since followed her to the secret grave of the dead baby, where the corpse was exhumed, the police added.Mr Oyeyemi said the husband had been taken to the General Hospital, Ota in Ado-Odo/Ota local government area of the state, where he is currently recuperating. Meanwhile, the Commissioner of Police, Edward Ajogun, has ordered the immediate transfer of the case to State Criminal Investigation and Intelligence Department for further investigation and prosecution.  Source The arrest of Adewunmi Lawal, a suspect, who allegedly raped his neighbour’s daughter in the Itele, Ado-Odo/Ota Local Government Area of Ogun State has been confirmed by the Ogun State Police Command. According to PUNCH Metro, it had been reported that the victim’s mother, a widow, left the victim and… In "Metro" The Police have arrested an incestuous man; Taofeek Oyeyemi, for impregnating his 16 years old biological daughter. Taofeek, 42, was arrested following a complaint by the girl’s mother who reported at the Ewekoro police station that her daughter who has been living with her ex-husband, was pregnant. She informed the… In "Metro" By Douglas Okoro Abakaliki - A Non-Governmental Organisation (NGO), Child Protection Network (CPN), says it will collaborate with the police to ensure justice for a four-year-old girl allegedly defied by the father in Ebonyi. Mrs Flora Egwu, CPN Coordinator, stated this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria… In "News"