Nollywood actress, Juliet Ibrahim has shared with her fans gorgeous photos on her birthday.  Fans have gushed over photos of popular Ghanaian actress, Juliet Ibrahim as she celebrated her 35th birthday today, March 3rd. Taking to Instagram, the award-winning thespian chanted herself with the nicest words as she referred to herself as being full of unbelievable awesomeness. Sharing beautiful photos of herself, Juliet Ibrahim wrote; “Happy Birthday to me! I’m such an awesome person that it’s hard for anyone not to recognize it – even me! Happy Birthday to someone who is full of unbelievable awesomeness! Yes, that’s right. It’s my birthday.  My life is way more interesting than I could ask for at this age. I’m happy that I was born like me, not like anyone else. Wishing myself the happiest of birthdays. On this special day, I just want to thank God for the priceless gift of life that He has given me and for the wonderful people He has put in my life. It’s my birthday! #AToAstToLife #tapfordetails” A post shared by Juliet Ibrahim (@julietibrahim) Chika Ike, one of Nigeria’s most popular movie stars, has turned a year older and has celebrated the achievement. The actress who was born on 8 November 1985, turned 33 years old today. To celebrate, she released a topless photo of herself on her Instagram page to share with her… In "Entertainment" Priscilla Osaje Abuja - Nollywood actress, Juliet Mgborukwe, said she has officially divorced her former husband, Chima Ojokwu. The movie star and former SoundCity presenter made this known via her Instagram page, @julietinspireofficial on Thursday, Dec. 19. According to her, even though it has been the most stressful one year,… In "Relationship" Nollywood actress, Anita Joseph has wowed her fans after releasing stunning photos to celebrate her 35th birthday today, January 4, 2020. She took to her Instagram page to share the photos and wrote: "Lord you’re my Reason” I Draw from your well I receive the blessings that is Due onto… In "Metro"