The Lagos State Government has affirmed Chief Anthony Folami as Baale of Kirikiri in the Oriade Local Council Development Area, (LCDA).  The government said its decision followed “painstaking deliberation and examination of the Obas and Chiefs Law, and Customary Law of the community (Kirikiri).” It directed the Chairman of the LCDA, (Mrs.) Ramotalai A.O Hassan, to implement the decision and recognise Folami as the Baale. It also said a full-fledged committee set up on the matter identified two ruling houses as those eligible to produce a candidate for the stool. These are the Agunbiade and Folami ruling houses. The two ruling houses had petitioned the government against a certain Babalola Shabi. The petitioners, through their lawyers Taiwo Lakanu &co, affirmed they were the legitimate royal families and traced their ancestry to chief Tumbulu who became the first Baale of Kirikiri Town in 1893. The ruling houses accused Shabi of usurping the stool despite not being from a ruling family. Shabi, they alleged, “wandered into Ebute (waterside) area of Kirikiri Town to make a living by assisting sand dredgers and sand buyers to load sand into tippers”. During this time, Shabi met Gilbert Cardoso, who was from one of the land-owning families in Kirikiri. Cardoso reportedly took him in “and accommodated as an errand boy”. During his lifetime, Cardoso was said to have leased swathes of land to certain Chiefs Mosheshe and Akhere. The petitioners said upon Cardoso’s death, Shabi made himself the prime agent of the family land. He was also said to have set members of the Mosheshe family against themselves and willy-nilly made himself their land agent. The Cardoso family eventually removed Shabi as their land agent but he continued to function as same He later manipulated the system through the assistance of some local government officials and pronounced himself as the Baale. There was wide jubilation by residents in Kikikiri over the pronouncement of Folami as the authentic Baale.  Source Sesan Olufowobi The Lagos State Government has suspended the Baale of Shangisha, in the Magodo area of the state, Chief Yusuf Ogundare, for allegedly faking his kidnap. The baale was kidnapped on July 5 on the Centre for Management Development Road, in the Ikosi-Isheri Local Council Development Area. However, Governor… In "Top Stories" Lagos  -  Lagos State Government said it provided 48 patrol vans, 385 walkie-talkie, 11 base and repeater stations and 1, 150 uniforms to Neighbourhood Watch to enhance security in the state. Gov. Akinwunmi Ambode of Lagos State made this known on Thursday while speaking at the grand finale of the… In "News" Ikeja -  The Lagos State Government on Monday said it had procured no fewer than 100 vehicles for the use of traditional rulers and chiefs across the state. Mr Ademorin Kuye, Commissioner for Local Government and Chieftaincy Affairs, made the disclosure at the 2015 Ministerial Press Briefing in Ikeja. He… In "News"