Following his banishment by social media platforms, an ex-President of the United States President, Donald Trump has unveiled his own personal website.  The website will serve his personal office. The website, 45office.com, comes after Trump’s ban from social media sites in the aftermath of the January Capitol insurrection. The site features a lengthy biography of the former president. It states that he launched the most extraordinary political movement in history, dethroning political dynasties, defeating the Washington Establishment. Trump’s website also shows pictures of him boarding Air Force One, greeting North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un kissing a baby among others. Other photos are of the president and Melania Trump dancing at the inaugural ball and at black-tie dinners in the White House. Since the January 6th Capitol insurrection, Donald Trump has remained offline after he was permanently suspended from Twitter and other social platforms, such as Snapchat. The former president has revealed he will return to social media in two to three months on his own platform, according to Jason Miller, a spokesperson for the president. The new platform will attract “tens of millions” of new users and “completely redefine the game,” Miller added.  Source Twitter and Facebook suspended Donald Trump on Wednesday over posts accused of inflaming violence in the US Capitol, as social media scrambled to respond to mayhem by supporters buying into his baseless attacks on the integrity of the election. The unprecedented sanctions came after the president took to social media… In "Foreign" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) Since he took office in January last year, American President, Mr Donald Trump has not only disagreed with members of the oppossition but even with his own cabinet members and other appointees. Between that time and now, over 20 people have either been sacked or have resigned… In "Foreign" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Former president Donald Trump will address the Conservative Political Action Conference, or CPAC, in Florida next week, about the future of the Republican party and the conservative movement, a source familiar with the plan told Reuters on Saturday. Trump ally Nunes sees CNN Ukraine lawsuit thrown… In "Top Stories"