Lagos Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu has opened the Pen-Cinema dual carriageway flyover and five network of roads to public use. The Governor described the project as a strong message of his administration ‘determination to achieve pre-conceived targets of reducing travel time, save important man-hours, provide better riding surface leading to reduced maintenance cost; boost inter connectivity and generally make life more meaningful for Lagosians’. Special Adviser to the governor on Works and Infrastructure Mrs. Aramide Adeyoye described the project as another infrastructure investment effort of Sanwo-Olu’s administration to support businesses, promote economic development and ultimately improve the socio-economic well-being of Lagosians. The project consists of a 1.4km dual carriageway, flyover bridge component with two lanes of 3.65m width each in either direction with ramps, and rehabilitation of five adjoining roads. The road component consist of service lanes on either sides of the bridge with median kerbs and walkways, complete with signalised traffic system, junction improvements with low emission diode (LED ) street lights. The Nation By Folasade Adeniran Lagos - Gov. Babajide Sanwo-Olu of Lagos State has promised to remobilise the contractor handling the Pen Cinema flyover in Agege area of the state back to site soon. Sanwo-Olu gave the assurance on Sunday in an interview with newsmen during an inspection of roads under rehabilitation… In "News" By Yemi Adeleye Lagos -  Mr Mudashiru Obasa, Speaker of the Lagos State House of Assembly, on Sunday said that the Assembly would serve as a watchdog to Gov. Babajide Sanwo-Olu to deliver campaign promises. Obasa spoke at Agege Victory Party he organised to celebrate his fifth re-election to the… In "News" As 10 Prospects Submit Proposals (Sundiata Post) – Months after it terminated the contract for the long awaited 4th Mainland Bridge, the Lagos State Government says it will name a new investor and partner for the construction of the 38-kilometre bridge/road project before the end of this year (2017). BusinessDay… In "News"