The declaration of Zamfara State as a ‘no-fly zone’ by the Federal Government was taken to cut the supply of arms and ammunition to bandits and other criminal elements operating in the state, Military sources have disclosed. According to the sources, the military and intelligence community are pursuing the assumption that the bandits get their arms supply through airdrop, since Zamfara State is landlocked, The Nation has reliably gathered. Although there was no official statement from the Defence Headquarters to buttress the claim, a top military source confided in The Nation that some expatriates who engage in illegal mining in Zamfara State, were behind the of arms and ammunition to the bandits. “There is credible intelligence that the bandits get their arms and ammunition by airdrop. The fact that Zamfara State is landlocked supports the intelligence, so by declaring Zamfara State as a ‘no-fly zone’, is intended to cut off the bandits’ arm supply chain, while the troops move in to flush them out”, the source disclosed. Meanwhile, efforts to get the Nigerian Air Force to comment on the possible implications of a violation of the flight restriction were abortive as the NAF spokesman, Air Vice Marshal Ibikunle Daramola, could not take his calls or respond to messages sent to him. Also, the Director Defence Information, Brigadier General Onyema Nwachukwu, did not take his calls. The Nation Abuja The Defence Headquarters (DHQ) said 602 repentant ex-terrorists have sworn to an oath of allegiance to the Federal Republic of Nigeria after completing a deradicalisation, rehabilitation and reintegration programme undertaken by the government’s ‘Operation Safe Corridor’ initiative in Gombe State. The DHQ said the oath of allegiance was important… In "News" Troops of Operation Hadarin Daji have killed 35 bandits and recovered many rustled cows in Zamfara State yesterday. This was revealed in a statement signed by the Coordinator, Defence Media Operations, Defence Headquarters, Major General John Enenche, and made available to newsmen in Gusau, Zamfara State Capital today. General Enenche… In "News" By Zubairu Idris Faskari (Katsina State) - Troops of the “Operation Sahel Sanity” said they had arrested three Nigerien illegal arms dealers supplying arms to bandits in the Northwestern parts of the country. Brig.-Gen. Benard Onyeuko, the Acting Director, Defence Media Operations, made the disclosure during a news briefing at… In "News"