Two members of an armed robbery gang, who robbed Pastor Godwin Ojerinde of God’s Will Praying Ground, Siun in Obafemi Owode Local Government Area of Ogun State, have been apprehended by operatives of the Ogun police command.  The two suspects, Oshilaru Bidoun, a male, and Tolulope Oluwafemi, a female, with three other members of their gang, broke into the pastor’s house around 3:15 a.m. on February 9, armed with guns and other dangerous weapons. The hoodlums held the pastor and his family hostage, ransacked the house and dispossessed them of one Pathfinder SUV with registration number: WDE-38-MM, one Samsung A20 handset and one Infinix Hot note handset. On receiving the information, the Divisional Police Officer, Owode-Egba Division, CSP Mathew Ediae, and his crack detectives embarked on an intensive technical and intelligence-based investigation in order to unravel those responsible for the heinous crime. After weeks of painstaking investigation, the duo of Biodun and Oluwafemi were apprehended based on a tipoff. On interrogation, they both confessed to being part of a robbery syndicate. They confessed further that the Pathfinder has been sold to someone in Ogere, Ogun State and that the vehicle was on its way to the northern part of the country. The detectives quickly started tracing the vehicle. It was eventually recovered in Mokwa, Niger State. The command’s Commissioner, Edward A. Ajogun, has ordered the transfer of the suspects to the State Criminal Investigation and Intelligence Department for discreet investigation. Ajogun also directed that efforts should be intensified to bring the fleeing members of the gang to book. Men of the Ogun State Police Command have arrested three members of an armed robbery syndicate after a gun duel. The suspects, Toheed Salami, Ibrahim Ismaila and Michael Abiodun, were arrested last week Sunday at a crime scene. The Police Public Relations Officer in the state, Abimbola Oyeyemi, disclosed this… In "News" Residents of some communities in Ogun and Lagos have lost sleep over robberies in the neighbourhoods by a gang of roaming hoodlums seizing the coronavirus lockdown to unleash terror on the two states. There have been overwhelming complaints by residents of Owode, Ilepa, Ifo, Arigbajo, Itori, Dalemo, Ijoko, Ogba Ayo,… In "News" Enugu State Command of the Nigeria Police has smashed an armed robbery syndicate that has been terrorising the Nsukka area of the state. A statement by the Enugu Police spokesman, ASP Daniel Ndukwe said the suspects would be charged for conspiracy, armed robbery, unlawful possession of firearm, cultism and receiving… In "News"