By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –   The Executive Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, Mr. Abdulrasheed Bawa on Monday, March 8, 2021 addressed staff of the Commission at the EFCC Headquarters in Abuja, with an appeal to all personnel to be disciplined and dedicated to their duties. “All Staff are important in this fight against corruption from the top to the least. So, I invite everyone to bring ideas and best practices that will help to organize and recalibrate the Commission in order to make it a better place. The Commission hinted of the meeting in a statement released via twitter handle account. “I am a part of you and I know the challenges, “he said. Bawa promised to prioritize staff welfare and systems improvement through application of digital technology and intelligence during his tenure. The EFCC boss expressed a desire to operate an open door policy. To this end, he made his personal phone number available to all staff, stating that he will be receptive to ideas that will take the Commission to new heights. He was also at the Abuja Zonal Office and the EFCC Academy where similar meeting took place. ....I'm eminently qualified to be EFCC Chairman By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate has screened and confirmed Abdulrasheed Bawa as the substantive Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC). This is also as Bawa has said that he is eminently qualified to occupy the position… In "Top Stories" ‌By Olalekan Adetayo,Eniola Akinkuotu and Sunday Aborisade. The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission on Tuesday absolved its new Chairman, Abdulrasheed Bawa, of allegations of corruption. A few hours after President Muhammadu Buhari appointed him as the EFCC chairman on Tuesday, there were reports of his involvement in corruption. But the… In "News" •EFCC Chairman-nominee, Abdulrasheed Bawa  ABUJA - The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has promoted its Chairman-nominee, Abdulrasheed Ahmed Bawa, and 88 others. They were promoted from Grade Level 13 Principal Detective Superintendent (PDS) to grade level 14 Deputy Chief Detective Superintendent (DCDS) Grade Level 14, effective from January 1,… In "Top Stories"