Military troops of Operation Thunder Strike on Saturday laid an ambush on bandits in Chikun, Kaduna State, killing two of them, seizing Indian Hemp and other items from their position. Also items recovered at the scene were a motorcycle, a locally-made rifle, and a mobile phone, the state Commissioner for Internal Security and Home Affairs, Samuel Aruwan, said in a statement. The statement reads: ‘Troops of Operation Thunder Strike neutralised two bandits during a night ambush operation along the Gwagwada-Chikun road in Chikun Local Government Area. ‘According to operational feedback, the troops set an opportunity ambush along the route in anticipation of bandits’ movement. The bandits approached on two motorcycles, and on springing the ambush, returned fire in an attempt to charge through. ‘They were however overwhelmed, and two bandits were neutralised by the troops, while the others retreated with gunshot wounds. ‘After the operation, the following items were recovered from the scene, along with the corpses of the bandits: One motorcycle, one locally made rifle, a mobile phone and some wraps of Indian Hemp. ‘Governor Nasir El-Rufai noted the report with thanks and congratulated the troops for the successful operation while praising their pro-active disposition. ‘Citizens are again urged to report any persons seeking medical attention for suspicious injuries in the general area to the Kaduna State security operatives.’ Sun News By Mohammad Tijjani   Kaduna -  The 1 Division Nigerian Army Kaduna, said on Thursday that it had neutralised 10 suspected armed bandit and arrested a kidnapper in Chikun and Birnin Gwari Local Government Areas of Kaduna State. The Deputy Director Army Public Relations, Col. Muhammad Dole, disclosed in a… In "News" •A file photo of a gun seized from crime suspects in Nigeria  KADUNA - Six persons have been killed by bandits during fresh village attacks in Igabi and Kauru Local Government Areas (LGAs) of Kaduna State. This latest killing took place barely 24 hours after attacks by bandits in Zango… In "Top Stories" By Sumaila Ogbaje Abuja -   The Defence Headquarters says the military has killed several Boko Haram/ISWAP terrorists and bandits and also arrested their collaborators in the Northwest and Northeast zones during an operation. The Coordinator, Defence Media Operations, Maj.-Gen. John Enenche, said this while giving the weekly updates on military… In "News"