Seven persons including a Catholic lector have been attacked and killed by armed bandits in Igabi and Kajuru local government areas of Kaduna State.  The State Commissioner for Internal Security and Home Affair.s, Samuel Aruwan, who confirmed the incidents in a statement on Sunday February 28, said bandits attacked Kajinjiri village in Igabi and killed two residents identified as Ibrahim Rabi’u and Abdulrahman Mohammad. One person, Kamal Murtala, sustained gunshot injuries, and is receiving treatment at a nearby facility. Similarly, in Rago village also of Igabi local government area, bandits killed two locals identified as Alhaji Ibrahim Iro and Muhammadu Rabiu. In a separate incident, gunmen invaded Kutura station, Kajuru local government area and killed three residents identified as Michael Shadari, Danlami Shaban and a Catholic lector, Clement Aura Bili. He said Governor Nasir El-Rufai expressed sadness at the incidents and condoled the families of those killed in both attacks, while offering prayers for the repose of their souls. He also wished the injured victim from Kajinjiri village a quick recovery. Sharing a photo of one of those killed, Michael Sabastine wrote on Facebook; “What a black Saturday Bandit killed three people from kutura station,kidnapped others.1,Michael S Wali.2.Clement Auta.3.Danladi Shaaban.confirmed death.may their soul rest in peace.” Bandits have burnt down the Holy Family Catholic Church, and two houses in Kikwari village, Kajuru council area of Kaduna State. Another set of gunmen also invaded Baka village in Igabi council area and killed two persons. Commissioner for Internal Security and Home Affairs Samuel Aruwan said in a statement… In "Features" Kidnappers and gunmen have sustained attacks in different parts of the country abducting 75 persons and killing 18 others. In Niger State, no fewer than 50 persons were abducted in the early hours of Thursday when bandits attacked Bassa community in the Shiroro Local Government Area of the state. Nine… In "News" Bandits have killed four people in Chikun Local Government Area and two others and in various attacks in Giwa Local Government Area of Kaduna state. A statement signed by Kaduna state Commissioner for Internal Security and Home Affairs, Mr Samuel Aruwan on Saturday said that eight other persons were injured… In "News"