Nigerian power couple, Tuface and his wife, Annie Idibia are celebrating their 8th wedding anniversary today, March 23rd 2021.  The pair got married in Dubai on March 23, 2013, and they have two children together. To mark her special day, Annie Idibia, took to her Instagram page to share a photo from their wedding and captioned it with heartfelt words. She Wrote: “Yes !!! I Married My First Crush ! Yes!!! I Married My First Love Yes!! I Married The baby daddy to My first child “my sunshine” I Always Knew It Was You … How it would happen or work out ??? That I was clueless about … a puzzle I never ever wanted to solve! But I knew it had to be you … it just had to be u.. or else the chemistry… n ofcos my heart won’t feel the way it always did ! I truly , n honestly believe everyone has his/her soulmate !!! Ain’t no doubt that we are soulmates I gave you all of me , knowing that in you , n you only has this imperfect girl found perfection!!!( mbok figure d meaning out yasef o) Either in this lifetime or another, it would have been … n it has always been YOU Happy ANNIEversary “ a guy” @official2baba 23rd March 2013 “  By Justina Auta Abuja - The Ooni Of Ife, Oba Adeyeye Enitan Ogunwusi has played host to Nigeria’s music icon, 2Face Idibia and his wife Annie, at his palace. The Ooni of Ife’s official Instagram page posted a video of the visit of 2Face Idibia and his wife on Wednesday,… In "Entertainment" Star actress, Annie Idibia, has said that her year started on a rough note due to the fact that her father took ill for months. Speaking exclusively with Saturday Beats, the screen diva revealed that her father was not always there for her siblings and her so she was raised… In "Interview" Legendary singer, Innocent Ujah Idibia, known by his stage name 2Baba, clocked 45 on September 18th 2020, and his wife threw a surprise party for him. Annie Idibia, a model and brand ambassador, took to her Instagram page on Sunday, September 20, 2020, where she shared some of the photos… In "News"