The Federal Government is planning a 20 per cent hike in the cost of freighting petrol across the country, as part of measures to boost the revenue of transport owners. The increase would raise the cost of bridging petrol to N9.11 per litre from N7.51 in the petrol pricing template of Petroleum Products Pricing Regulatory Agency, PPPRA.Speaking at the 21 Annual General Meeting of the National Association of Road Transport Owners, NARTO, the Executive Secretary of the Petroleum Equalisation (Management) Board, PEF, Alhaji Ahmed Bobboi said the agency was waiting for the Federal Government approval before it would commence its implementation.He noted that the government was also waiting for labour unions to get back to it as the increase was among the general agreement reached by the joint committee set up by the government on the hike in the price of petrol and electricity.Also speaking on the issue, the Chief Financial Officer of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, NNPC, Umar Ajiya said the government considers NARTO as a strategic partner in the distribution of petrol. He said: “The Executive Secretary of PEF made a statement that there is on-going engagement between the Federal Government and the labour, and at the end of that process the government will make adequate pronouncement as to the effective date of that figure as contained in the pricing template”.He explained that in Nigeria the business of fuel distribution is substantially by tankers or trucks, with NARTO as owners. “Without them, there can be no effective distribution of petrol in Nigeria. They are the wheeling party who have collaborated with us to ensure that the whole nook and crannies of Nigeria are wet with petroleum products which is essential not only for transporting goods and services but also for us, moving from one place to the other”, he added.Ajiya urged the transport owners to ensure that their tankers and drivers meet the safety standards set by the government regulators for the industry to curb accidents involving petrol tankers. Earlier, the National President of NARTO, Alhaji Yusuf Lawal Othman urged the government to implement the new N9.11 freight rate to enable the transport owners to improve their services and increase the wages of their staff including the truck drivers. Othman assured that NARTO would continue to work to improve the safety of their trucks and drivers.Source Osogbo  - Pump price of petrol has continued to increase in towns across the country as scarcity of the product persists on Wednesday, the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports. A survey by NAN in major cities across the country shows that long queues have characterised the few fuel stations… In "Business" The Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) has asked the Federal Government to revert to the N121 old price at which petrol was sold during the lockdown to control COVID -19. The NLC said it rejected the new upward reviewed pricing band for the Premium Motor Spirit (PMS) otherwise known as petrol.… In "News" ‌The sustained increase in global crude oil prices has pushed up the landing cost of imported petrol closer to the current pump prices of the product in Nigeria, and appears to have triggered a return to petrol subsidy era, ’FEMI ASU reports. Since November 13, 2020 when the pump prices… In "Business"