Former Presidential aide, Dr Doyin Okupe has said that he will be ready to face firing squad if he does not deliver as President of Nigeria.  Okupe who disclosed that he will run for presidency in 2023 if the security situation in the country does not change in an interview with Vanguard, also claimed that he has the master plan for the security situation in the country. The former Presidential spokesperson who lamented that the activities of bandits are running education system in the North aground, further averred that technology should be deployed to wipe out the criminals. He Said; “No president has ever given a detailed explanation of how they intend to tackle insecurity, improve the economy is this country. They always don’t give a blueprint. “I have a masterplan to eradicate insecurity, particularly the activities of banditry. If the situation continues the same way, I am going to run for presidency. “I am ready to face firing squad if I don’t deliver as President of Nigeria.” Explaining the odds in his running for the presidency, Okupe also stated that Nigerian political space has been riddled with religious, ethnic and zoning biases. He Said; “If all I am seeing is not handled better and properly too, I am telling you I am stepping out for presidency come 2023. “If I have my way, I want to be a political coach (not a godfather). Mentor people and teach them what they should know before venturing into politics. “I have been to the height of it all, we need to do things differently.”  Source Baifra Agitation: Silence of Obasanjo, IBB, Danjuma, Others Worrisome - Okupe In "Top Stories" The Senior Special Assistant to the President on Public Affairs, Dr. Doyin Okupe has said that the Presidency is not interested in the All Progressives Congress convention which recently held in Abuja. Okupe was speaking in context of the remarks made by former Vice President Atiku Abubakar. Atiku had accused… In "Politics" ...Reminds him that T.I Corruption Perception Index Shows his Committee has Neither Helped Buhari nor Nigerians ...Challenges him to tell Nigerians the Achievements of his Committee in the last 30 Months that it has Been Spending Govt Money   ...Tasks him to Sit Down With his Committee Members  and Develop Position… In "Top Stories"