ENUGU – A bill for a law to provide pension for former governors and deputy governor of Enugu has scaled through the first reading at the State House of Assembly The Executive bill, which was presented for first reading during the plenary in Enugu on Thursday, sought to provide pension for the governor and his deputy after serving their tenure in office. The piece of legislation would make a former governor or deputy governor entitled to gratuity as well as pension for life at the expense of the state government. The bill also made provision for medical allowance not exceeding N12m per annum for one surviving spouse, provided that such spouse was married to the governor while in office. While the state government would provide adequate security for the former governors for their lifetime, the bill, when passed, would also mandate the state government to provide three vehicles for the ex-governor and replace them every four years. “A person who had held office as elected governor or deputy governor in Enugu State or any other state should be entitled to pension for life. “The entitlement to the pension should be provided that such a person was not removed from office by the process of impeachment. “When a former governor or former deputy governor dies, the state government should make adequate arrangement and bear the financial responsibility for his burial. “The state government should pay a condolence allowance of a sum equivalent to the annual basic salary of the incumbent to his next of kin. In his remark, Deputy Speaker of the House, Uche Ugwu, who presided over the plenary asked his colleague to properly study the bill in order to make robust contribution during the second reading. The News Agency of Nigeria reports that the House thereafter adjourned its plenary to Tuesday, March 16, 2021.  (NAN) Kwara State Governor, Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq, on Friday announced plans by the state government to abolish the payment of pension packages to former governors and former deputy governors in the state. The announcement comes three days after Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu of Lagos State informed lawmakers in the State House of Assembly… In "Politics" LAGOS - Governor of Lagos State, Babajide Sanwo-Olu on Tuesday announced his intention to repeal the Public Office Holder (Payment of Pension Law 2007), which provides for payment of pension and other entitlements to former Governors and their Deputies. He made this known while presenting the 2021 budget to the… In "Politics" By Angela Atabo Abuja   -     The Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) has urged the Federal Government to recover the more than N40 billion so far received by ex-governors currently serving as senators and ministers. A statement by Executive Director, SERAP, Mr Adetokunbo Mumuni, on Sunday said… In "News"