As many as 57 suspected internet fraudsters have been arrested by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Ibadan Zonal Office.  The suspects were nabbed at their hotel hideouts in Ilaro area of Ogun State.  This is contained in a statement signed by its spokesperson, Wilson Uwujaren and made available to newsmen on Friday in Ibadan. The News Agency of Nigeria(NAN) reports that the EFCC had intensified efforts at ridding the society of financial crime and secured more convictions. The EFCC said that the suspects were arrested on Friday in an operation that followed actionable intelligence linking them to alleged fraudulent activities. The anti graft agency said that the activities range from love scam on numerous dating sites, obtaining money by false pretenses and other cybercrimes. The EFCC said that two pump action rifles, four exotic cars, mobile phones, laptops and several incriminating documents were recovered from the suspects. It said that the suspects would be charged to court as soon as investigations were concluded.  Source Set up training schools for aspiring internet fraudsters Adopt new tactics to beat security agents They are young men who live their lives on the fast lane. They love the good things of life but lack the legitimate means to acquire them. Rather than seek legitimate means of fulfilling their… In "News" Following a massive crackdown by the operatives of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), suspected internet fraudsters otherwise known as Yahoo boys have gone underground in some major towns in Ekiti State. The anti-graft agency had carried out not less than four massive raids on the hideouts of Yahoo… In "News" Operatives of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, Ibadan zonal office, on Wednesday raided a Lagos hotel believed to be a hideout for internet fraudsters and arrested suspected internet fraud kingpin and 26 others. The target was one Rasaq Balogun, a suspected internet fraud kingpin, whose illicit activities dominated… In "News"