Benue state governor, Samuel Ortom has said that the killers of Rev. Fr. Ferdinand Ngugban would face the full wrath of the law.   Ortom made the promise in a statement by his Chief Press Secretary, Mr Terver Akase on Wednesday in Makurdi. Ngugban, the assistant parish priest of St. Paul Catholic Church, Aye-Twar village in Katsina-Ala Local Government Area, was killed on Tuesday inside the Parish house. Ortom who condemned the act, assured that the killers of the priest would be brought to justice. “I reassure the people of Katsina-Ala and Sankera that the State Government will not relent until those responsible for the killing and other attacks in the area are brought to justice,” he said. The governor described the attack as “mindless and wonders why a harmless priest would become the target of armed men.” He reaffirmed the resolve of his administration not to handover the state to criminals and urged Benue people to continue to support security operatives with timely and useful information. Ortom sympathised with the bereaved family and prayed that God grants the soul of Ngugban eternal rest. (NAN) Mbalom (Benue) -   The Catholic Bishop of Makurdi Diocese, His Grace, Wilfred Anagbe has urged the public to desist from changing the narrative regarding the identities of the April deadly attacks in Benue. The Bishop, who also demanded public apology from those changing the narratives, made the call on… In "Top Stories" By Emmanuel Antswen Makurdi - Gov. Samuel Ortom of Benue has urged security agencies in Taraba to fish out the killers of Rev. Fr. David Tanko of St. Peter’s Catholic Parish, Amadu in Taraba State. Ortom, in a statement issued on Friday by his Chief Press Secretary, Mr Terver Akase,… In "News" By Emmanuel Antswen Makurdi - Gov Samuel Ortom has expressed shock at the sudden death of His Lordship, Bishop Peter Adoboh, Catholic Bishop of Katsina-Ala Diocese. The governor’s grief is contained in a statement signed by his Chief Press Secretary (CPS), Mr Terver Akase on Saturday in Makurdi. News Agency… In "News"