The Federal Executive Council (FEC) has approved the sum of $1.5 billion for the rehabilitation of the largest refining company in the country, the Port Harcourt Refinery. The Minister of State for Petroleum Resources, Chief Timipre Sylva, disclosed this to State House Correspondents after the weekly virtual FEC meeting, presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari at the Aso Rock Presidential Villa, Abuja. According to the Minister, the rehabilitation will be done in three phases of 18, 24 and 44 months, adding that the contract was awarded to an Italian company, Technimount SPA, who are experts in refinery maintenance. He said the funding has three components from Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) Internally Generated Revenue (IGR), budgetary allocations provisions and Afreximbank. The Minister also assured that local content is fully involved in the job. “The Ministry of Petroleum Resources presented a memo on the rehabilitation of Port Harcourt refinery for the sum of 1.5 billion, and that memo was $1.5 billion and it was approved by council today. “So we are happy to announce that the rehabilitation of productivity refinery will commence in three phases. The first phase is to be completed in 18 months, which will take the refinery to a production of 90 percent of its nameplate capacity. “The second phase is to be completed in 24 months and all the final stage will be completed in 44 months and consultations are approved. “And I believe that this is good news for Nigeria,” he said. The Nation By Edith Ike-Eboh Abuja - The Group Managing Director of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC), Mele Kyari, says the corporation will not be involved in the management of the nation’s refineries after their rehabilitation. Dr Kennie Obateru, Group General Manager, Group Public Affairs Division, in a statement in Abuja… In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) has pledged to support ongoing initiatives by the Ministry of Petroleum Resources to provide alternate energy source to Nigerians through aggressive activation of Compressed Natural Gas (CNG) refill stations for motorists across the country. Speaking on TVC Business Show, Business… In "News" ABUJA - The Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) on Wednesday said the nation’s refineries would begin to operate optimally up to 90 per cent capacity by 2016. The Group Executive Director (GED), Refining and Petrochemicals, Mr Ian Udoh, stated this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN)… In "Business"