Following the incessant abduction of schoolchildren by Insurgents and bandits in the northern part of the country, the Federal Ministry of Education is relocating students from Borno, Yobe and Adamawa state to other states.  It also said the Safe Schools Initiative of the government had not stopped, noting that its implementation was being intensified and re-invigorated. The Director of Press and Public Relations in the ministry, Ben Goong, stated these in an interview with Punch. Boko Haram terrorists had in the past abducted pupils, women and girls from the three states, including Chibok in Borno State and Dapchi in Yobe State. Also, criminals had in recent times kidnapped pupils from some North-Western states. When asked what the Federal Government was doing about schools located in high-risk areas in the north, Goong said, “As we speak, there are quite a number of students from Borno, Yobe and Adamawa States being relocated to other schools across the country, including the Federal Capital Territory.” He cited the example of some students from Borno State who he said had been relocated to the Federal Government College, Kwali, Abuja. He said students were being moved to safer schools and were being catered for with full boarding facilities. He added that the Federal Government would be carrying out some enlightenment campaigns especially among the military to discourage the use of school facilities for military-related activities. This, he said, was necessary so that such schools are not attacked.  Source Abuja   -   Prof. Anthony Anwukah, Minister of State for Education, says more students enrol for the National Common Entrance Examination (NCEE) in the north-eastern part of the country as insurgency eases off. He said 169 candidates at Internally Displaced Persons Camps (IDPs) in the region wrote the 2016… In "News" ABUJA - The Head of National Office of WAEC, Mr Charles Eguridu, says the Borno State Government officials should be blamed for the abduction of school girls in Chibok. Eguridu spoke in Abuja at a meeting of stakeholders convened by the First Lady, Dame Patience Jonathan to seek the actual… In "News" ABUJA - The US has donated two million dollars to support the Safe School Initiative of the Nigeria Business Community and the Federal Government for education of children across the country. The Minister of Finance, Dr Ngozi Okonjo Iweala, announced this at the signing of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU)… In "News"