Former Ogun Governor Otunba Gbenga Daniel has stated he joined the All Progressives Congress (APC) because it has “too many options.” He spoke after a meeting with President Muhammadu Buhari on Monday. He called on Nigerians to deemphasise party politics for good governance. According to him: “Why APC? There are too many options in the party. One thing is sure that we are going through health and economic challenges, we must do less of political contestations and give support.” Commenting on suggestions the APC was trying to create a one party state by fishing for members of other parties, Daniel pointed out the PDP was once in the same shoes. “Definitely any political environment, whether it is multi party or two party, there will usually be a majority party and the minority party. So I don’t think that there’s anything new that has happened. “A few years ago, when PDP was at the helm of affairs at the centre, I think the last count out of the 36 states, PDP was in charge in more than 24 states at that time and the country did not become a one party state. So I think what is going on is quite healthy. “The contestation is quite exciting. I think what’s important is that parties should look inwards and organise themselves very well, so that at any point in time, the people have an opportunity to make an informed choice. And that I think is what is going on,” he said. The Nation By Ahmed Abba-Aji It seems the resolution of the recent issues within the Peoples Democratic Party by the Supreme Court and their successful Congress last week, in the midst of the chaos in the ruling All Progressive Congress, has set off alarm bells within the government. At a time when… In "Opinion" By Chibuike Nwabuko ABUJA - (Sundiata Post) -  Fear saturated the camp of the All Progressives Congress-led federal government  as different parties and  Political juggernauts converged at Yar'adua centre yesterday and put pen to paper on how to work together to sack President Muhammadu Buhari from Aso Rock come February 2019.… In "News" By CHUKS OLUIGBO & INIOBONG IWOK Clarence Seward Darrow, the late American lawyer and leading member of the American Civil Liberties Union, once said, “History repeats itself, and that’s one of the things that’s wrong with history.” The events of the past few weeks in Nigeria’s political scene bear out… In "Politics"