The Independent National Electoral Commission has declared the candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party for the Aba North/South Federal Constituency bye-election, Mr Chimobi Ebisike, the winner of the Saturday polls and returned him elected.  He polled a total of 10,322 votes to defeat his closest challenger and candidate of the All Progressives Congress, chief Mascot Uzor Kalu who scored 3,674 votes.  The All Progressives Grand Alliance and Action Alliance were the other political parties that fielded candidates in the election. The returning Officer Prof. Fedelis Okpata, said, ”The election was contested and the candidates received the following votes: AA candidate, 199 votes; Mascot Uzor Kalu, of the APC scored 3,674 votes; Akaraka Destiny of APGA polled 1,554 votes; Abraham Okonkwo of APM scored 10 votes; Uwando Chima of MRM polled 13 votes; Chimobi Iheanyichikwu Ebisieke of PDP, polled 10,322 votes.”  The Returning Officer announced the winner on Sunday morning, saying, “That Chimobi Iheanyichukwu Ebisike of PDP, having satisfied the requirements of the law, is hereby declared the winner and returned elected”.  Source By Chijindu Emeruwa Abuja (Precise Post) - The candidate of the of All Progressives Grand Alliance Mr Mike Ukaoha has been declared the winner of Arochukwu state constituency election. The Appeal court sitting in Owerri had on Monday November 11, 2019, upheld the decision of the Governorship and state Assembly… In "Top Stories" The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has declared Opeyemi Bamidele of the All Progressives Congress (APC) winner of the election in in Ekiti central senatorial district. With 94,279 votes, Bamidele defeated Obafemi Adewale of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) who polled a total of 48,707 votes. Bamidele was a member… In "Politics" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The Progressive Peoples Alliance (PPA) on Tuesday added a new dimension to the election re-run held in Abia North Senatorial district t in Abia State, describing it as "robbery". In the re-run election conducted by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) and ordered by the court,… In "Politics"