President Muhammadu Buhari on Monday took a major step towards the reorganisation of agencies under the Ministry of Aviation. Leading the pack was the appointment of Professor Bako Mansur Matazu as new Director-General of the Nigeria Meteorological Agency, (NIMET). Buhari also approved the appointment of Captain Modibbo Alkali Mahmud as the new Rector of the Nigeria College of Aviation Technology, (NCAT) Zaria. Similarly, the President approved the reappointment of Engr. Akin Olateru as the Commissioner and Chief Executive Officer of the Accident Investigation Bureau, Nigeria (AIB). These appointments, according to a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja by the Director of Public Affairs, Ministry of Aviation, James Odaudu is line with the administration’s commitment to the implementation of the aviation development roadmap. On NIMET boss and his qualification, Odaudu stated: “Professor Matazu holds a PhD in Geography (Applied Meteorology), with membership of the Nigerian Environmental Society, African Forestry Forum, Nigerian Meteorological Society, the Climate Change Network, Nigeria and the renewable Energy and Energy Efficiency, Nigeria (REEN). “He was, until his appointment, the General Manager, Meteorological Research in the Agency.” For NCAT: “The new Rector holds the Airline Transport Pilot Licenses of the Federal Aviation Administration, USA, the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA), Embraer, Citation and other international professional certifications. “Captain Modibbo had served in various capacities, including Pilot in Training, Fleet Captain at Dornier Aviation Nigeria, Max Air and other organisations and has clocked about 6000 hours of flying career.” For AIB: “Olateru is an Aircraft Maintenance Engineer with Nigerian, UK and USA licenses, Olateru began his career in engineering maintenance with Pan African Airlines and the Nigerian Police Air Wing after which he left Nigeria for further studies abroad. “He has also worked with multiple airlines in Europe including KLM, Martin Air in Holland, British Aerospace Engineering and British Midland Airways. “He attended City University, London and graduated with an M.Sc. in Air Transport Management with specializations in research and simulations into accident investigations.” Odaudu stated that the appointments are with immediate effect, adding that the reorganisation is a continuous exercise that will involve other management staff of all agencies of the Ministry. The Nation By Sumaila OgbajeAbuja - President Muhammad Buhari has approved the appointment of Mr Rabiu Yadudu as the new Managing Director of the Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN). This is contained in a statement by Mr James Odaudu, Deputy Director, Press and Public Affairs of the Ministry of Transportation in… In "News" •Captain Musa Nuhu, new Director General, Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA) By Gabriel Agbeja ABUJA - President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Captain Musa Nuhu as the new Director General of the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA). Nuhu replaces Captain Muthar Usman, erstwhile Director General of the organization.… In "Business" Finally, the Federal Government has approved N5 billion as bailout fund to the country’s aviation sector to reduce the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on their operations.   Minister of Aviation, Senator Hadi Sirika, dropped this hint, on Monday, in Abuja, at the ongoing three-day public hearing to repeal and… In "News"