Officials of the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) in Anambra State have recovered 58.5 grammes of cocaine and 13.9 grammes of heroin from the palace of a prominent traditional ruler in the state.   The agency did not disclose the identity of the monarch but said there were efforts to unravel how the illicit drugs were hidden in his palace. Palace guards are helping to trace the drug dealer, Director, Media and Advocacy, Femi Babafemi said in a statement on Monday. Babafemi also said a suspected drug trafficker, Hassan Bishi Taiwo, was arrested at the weekend at the Murtala Mohammed International Airport Lagos with three parcels of cocaine concealed in a false bottom of his suitcase. Taiwo, who was arrested upon arrival onboard Ethiopian airlines on Friday, has been trafficking drugs on Middle East routes for some time, Babafemi said. “Also, narcotics officers attached to a courier company in Lagos intercepted 500 grammes of unaccompanied cocaine going to the United Arab Emirates concealed in the walls of cartons containing clothes. The operatives also intercepted in another courier firm 1kg of cannabis hidden in cream bottles going to the UAE while 500g of ketamine hidden in artefacts going to the US was also recovered from the same company in Lagos. Another 480grammes of unaccompanied methamphetamine going to China was recovered from the same courier company,” Babafemi said.  Source Lagos  -   The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) at the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport Abuja said it apprehended four suspected drug traffickers with 6.822kg of narcotics worth N61 million. This is contained in a statement signed by the agency's spokesperson on Friday in Lagos, Mr Mitchell Ofoyeju. According… In "Metro" By Abbas Bamalli   Kano   -     The Kano State Command of the National Drugs Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA), said on Thursday that it confiscated 9,607.72 kilogrammes of illicit drugs from January to date. The Commandant, Dr. Ibrahim Abdul who disclosed this in Kano while briefing journalists on the activities of… In "Metro" Abuja -   Saidat Hassan, 48, and mother of three children, on Friday, allegedly vomited 15 wraps of white powdery substances that tested positive for cocaine at the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja. This is contained in a statement by Ofoyeju Mitchell, Head, Public Affairs of the National Drug Law… In "Metro"