Former Kogi senator, Dino Melaye has called out Governor Yahaya Bello, asking him why he collected money and palliatives from the federal government but has the guts to refuse the COVID-19 vaccines. Bello, who has continued to downplay the severity of the COVID-19 pandemic in the state, has vowed not to subject its citizens to vaccination. The National Health Care Development Agency (NPHCDA) released the AstraZeneca COVID-19 vaccine to 35 states and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) but left out Kogi from the arrangement. The agency, however, blamed the development on the lack of a cold-chain store in the state. Melaye, who reacted to the omission of Kogi State from the vaccine distribution on his Twitter handle, wondered why the state government collected palliative and money from FG but claimed that there was no COVID-19 in the state. He Wrote: “Kogi Government collected covid 19 money and palliative from Federal Government and still have the guts to say no covid in Kogi State. Since you collected money and palliative…una must collect vaccine tooo. Oyinara” Source It is ironical if not ridiculous that when the serious scientific people of the world started the race for the coronavirus (COVID-19) vaccine shortly after the outbreak of the pandemic, Nigeria to the best of our knowledge did not join the race, but now wants to start a local production… In "column - Friday" •Governor Yahaya Bello of Kogi State The hostile attitude adopted by the Kogi State Government towards the fight against the coronavirus (COVID-19) has become a terrible national embarrassment. This hostile attitude has a history that dates back to the inception of the national response to the Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic.  Historically… In "column - Friday" Dino Melaye, former senator representing Kogi west, says the report of COVID-19 in Kogi state is “real and authentic”. On Wednesday, the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) announced 389 new COVID-19 cases in the country and two were in Kogi. But the state rejected the results, insisting it is… In "News"