Following the backlash he received from Nigerians for condemning the killing of a Fulani family of six in a village near Wasinmi, a community along Ife/Ibadan expressway, Femi Fani-Kayode, a former Aviation Minister has lambasted Nigerians who dragged him on Twitter.  Unknown gunmen had stormed the community over the weekend and killed the family members. The reason for the killing is yet to be ascertained. Reacting to the unfortunate incident via his Twitter handle on Saturday, March 13, FFK wrote; ”Gunmen in Osun went to the home of an innocent & defenceless Fulani herdsman & killed him & 6 of his family members yesterday. This is barbaric & unacceptable. Those that indulge in such cruel & callous acts are as bad as the foreign Fulani terrorists that kill our people.” Some Nigerians took offence at his tweet and attacked him. They accused him of defending the Fulanis. Reacting to the attacks on him via his Twitter handle this morning, FFK said he supports the killing of criminals whether they are Fulanis or not but will never support the killing of innocent persons. ”I make no apology for saying it was wrong to kill an INNOCENT & DEFENCELESS Fulani family of 6 in Osun.Those that condemn me for saying this are worse than animals. You CANNOT justify the murder of INNOCENTS under ANY circumstances &being Fulani should not be a death sentence. We must not lose our sense of decency& humanity & we must not let our emotions becloud our better judgement.I support the killing of TERRORISTS (Fulani or otherwise) but I REFUSE to support the killing of innocent& defenceless people, including women & children, regardless of their tribe or faith and whether they are Fulani, Hausa, Yoruba, Igbo, Ijaw or anything else. We can kill those who attack us but we must protect those who choose to live in peace with us. The killing of innocents can never be described or deemed as a heroic act.” •Femi Fani-Kayode By Elochukwu Nicholas Ohagi Earlier today, I was not surprised reading once again another bashing of Ndị Igbo on Femi Fani-Kayode's Facebook page. I am not surprised because I have seen and lamented this earlier, but got the bashing of my life from people who after reading insults… In "Opinion" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Former Minister of Aviation, Chief Femi Fani-Kayode has commended Prophet T.B Joshua, Bishop Oyedepo, Apostle suleiman and other religious leaders who have spoken out against the senseless killings of innocent citizens by the genocidal Fulani terrorists right from the begining. Fani-Kayode who also… In "Top Stories" Former Aviation Minister, Femi Fani-Kayode has lashed out at the Governor of Borno state, Babagana Zulum for claiming that Christians are also members of the dreaded terrorist group, Boko Haram. Fani-Kayode called the claim a lie from the pit of hell. Recall that Zulum made the claim over the weekend,… In "News"