Prince Philip, the Duke of Edinburgh, has left King Edward VII’s Hospital in London one month after he was first admitted. The 99-year-old, who had heart surgery earlier this month, is in “good spirits” after being discharged Tuesday, a royal source told CNN.He has now returned to Windsor Castle, according to a statement from Buckingham Palace.Philip, who was first admitted to King Edward VII’s Hospital on February 16, had been recovering at the private facility after having heart surgery at St Bartholomew’s Hospital. “His Royal Highness wishes to thank all the medical staff who looked after him at both King Edward VII’s Hospital and St Bartholomew’s Hospital, and everyone who has sent their good wishes,” the statement added. A royal source told CNN last month that his hospital admission was not an emergency and was not related to Covid-19. Philip is married to Queen Elizabeth II and both have received at least one dose of a Covid-19 vaccine.Philip, who turns 100 in June, stepped back from public life in 2017 and has been taken to the hospital several times in recent years. In December 2019, he received hospital treatment for a pre-existing condition. The Queen and her husband have spent most of the past year at Windsor Castle, outside London, having moved away from Buckingham Palace during the first wave of the Covid-19 pandemic in spring 2020. In April 2020, the Duke of Edinburgh made a rare public statement, thanking key workers across the UK.Philip was born in Corfu, Greece, in 1921 and has English, Russian, German/Prussian and Danish ancestry. He and Queen Elizabeth married in November 20, 1947. (CNN) London -   Britain’s Queen Elizabeth, 92, the world’s oldest monarch, underwent successful surgery to treat an eye cataract in May, Buckingham Palace said on Friday. “I can confirm that the queen successfully underwent a short, planned procedure to treat a cataract last month,” a palace spokesman said, declining to… In "Foreign" Britain's Prince Philip was taken to the hospital Tuesday night for treatment of an infection, Buckingham Palace said. The Duke of Edinburgh was admitted to a hospital in London as a "precautionary measure." The infection was caused by a pre-existing condition, Buckingham Palace said in a statement. He suffered heart… In "Foreign" The Duchess of Cambridge has given birth to a girl, Kensington Palace has announced. The princess - who is fourth in line to the throne - was "safely delivered" at 08:34 BST, the palace statement said. The Duke of Cambridge, who was present for the birth of the 8lbs 3oz… In "Foreign"