Operatives of the Force CID, SWAT, have arrested five more suspects in connection to the killing of Mrs. Funke Olakunrin, daughter of former leader of Afenifere, Pa Reuben Fasoranti.  Olakunrin was killed in July 2019 by suspected kidnappers along the Ore -Lagos highway. Four suspects: Lawal Mazaje, Adamu Adamu, Mohammed Shehu Usman, and Auwal Abubakar were earlier arrested and are being prosecuted. They were arraigned on three count charges of conspiracy to kill, murder and kidnapping. Names of the five new suspects were given as Lawal Mazaje, 40, from Felele, Kogi State; Adamu Adamu, 50, from Jada in Adamawa State; Mohammed Usman, 26, from Illela, Sokoto State and Auwal Abubakar, 25, from Shinkafi , Zamfara State. The arrest of the five suspects was made known at the resumed hearing of the four suspects presided over by Justice Bode Adegbehingbe. Lead counsel for prosecution, Grace Olowoporoku, informed the court that the five suspects were arrested following the continuous mentioning of their names during investigation. Olowoporoku requested for a short adjournment to enable the prosecution conclude investigation on the new suspects. Justice Adegbehingbe adjourned the case to April 27, 29, 30 and May 5, 2021 for continuation of hearing.  Source •The four men were said to have committed the crime in July 2019. Inset: Late Funke Olakunrin  AKURE - The Ondo State Government has arrested four men suspected to have killed Mrs Funke Olakunrin, the daughter of the National Leader of Afenifere, Pa Reuben Fasoranti. They are Lawal Mazaje from… In "News" •The late Mrs Funke Olakunrin The Nigerian police have paraded on Twitter @PoliceNG four men it claims are part of an eight-man gang that killed Mrs Funke Olakunrin, daughter of Reuben Fasoranti, a leader of Afenifere, pan-Yoruba socio-political group. Olakunrin was shot dead in Ore, Ondo State while heading for Lagos… In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Four suspected killers of the daughter of Pa Reuben Fasoranti, the Afenifere leader, Mrs. Funke Olakunri, were on Friday arraigned before an Akure Magistrates’ Court over their alleged involvement in the murder of the 58-year-old woman. The four accused persons, Muhammed Shehu, Mazaje Lawal, Adamu Adamu… In "News"