Following the attack on Governor Samuel Ortom, a leading Nigerian activist, Omoyele Sowore has called on Nigerians to remove Muhammadu Buhari as president.  The convener of the RevolutionNow Movement made the call on Monday. Sowore made the call while reacting to the attack on the Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom by a Fulani militia. Some Fulani militia had attempted to assassinate Ortom in his farm along Makurdi-Gboko road on Saturday. A group identified as Fulani Nationality Movement, FUNAM, had owned up to the assassination attempt. FUNAM had claimed that the attempt was made on Ortom due to his stance against open cattle grazing and the Fulani agenda. Reacting to the development, Sowore lamented that Nigerians are no longer safe in their country. In a tweet, the activist wrote: “A Governor is not safe in his home state, Nigerians are not safe in their farms, students are not safe in their classrooms, our people are not safe in worship places, travellers are not safe on our roads, the workplace is unsafe for workers #BuhariMustGo.” Source  Prominent groups in the country, including the Middle Belt Forum, the Arewa Consultative Forum and the Northern Governors’ Forum on Sunday condemned Saturday’s assassination attempt on the Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom. As the groups, in separate interviews with The PUNCH, condemned the attack, the Inspector-General of Police, Mohammed Adamu,… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The former minister of Aviation, Femi Fani-Kayode has called on the Federal Government to shut down Fulani National Movement (FUNAM) in Nigeria, declare them a terrorist organisation and arrest or eliminate all their members, friends and associates before they push us into an… In "Top Stories" •Governor Ortom MAKURDI - Benue State Governor Samuel Ortom on Saturday disclosed how he survived an assassination attempt by killer herdsmen even as he called on President Muhammadu Buhari and security agencies to fish out the criminals terrorising the state. Ortom spoke to reporters after surviving an attack allegedly carried out… In "Top Stories"