The Federal Government has dispelled the possibility of any fake COVID-19 vaccines being administered or sold by unauthorised institution in the country.  Director, Department of Hospital Service, Federal Ministry of Health Dr. Adebimpe Adebiyi, stated this in a circular he signed on behalf of the Minister of Health, Dr. Osagie Ehanire in Abuja. The circular followed a letter from the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19 regarding the arrest of about 3,000 doses of fake COVID-19 vaccines destined for Africa from China. The minister, who acknowledged receipt of the PTF letter, however, stated: “I am, therefore, to bring this to your notice and dispel any possibility of COVID-19 vaccines being available for sale or being administered by any unauthorised institution. “To prevent the importation of fake vaccines, kindly note that the Nigeria Customs Service has designated the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja, as the only Point of Entry (PoE) for imported COVID-19 vaccines.” He then called the attention of chief medical directors and medical directors of federal tertiary health institutions to the fake COVID-19 vaccines destined for Africa, noting that it had been arrested in China. Meanwhile, competent sources in the ministry confirmed the information to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja. One of the sources said: “The ministry issued a circular to inform the medical directors of federal hospitals about the fake vaccines. “It is just to let them (medical directors) know that fake COVID-19 vaccines are on the way to Africa but is not in Nigeria. “Nigeria is not even taking vaccines from China. So, there is no way fake vaccines can get into the country because it is only the Federal Government that is authorised to import COVID-19 vaccines for now.”  Source Euphoria over the discovery, approval, distribution and administration of the coronavirus (COVID-19) vaccine is a worldwide phenomenon and not limited to specific countries in the Southern Hemisphere like Nigeria. And this is perfectly understandable as the ingenious discovery of COVID-19 vaccine itself is a great miracle even in the medical… In "column - Friday" The National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control has ruled out the possibility of conducting a local clinical trial on the proposed N400bn vaccines before administering them on Nigerians. The agency said since the World Health Organisation had approved the vaccines there might not be need to conduct… In "News" Osagie Ehanire, the Minister of Health has disclosed that the AstraZeneca COVID-19 vaccine has a mild side effect. Ehanire explained that those vaccinated may experience “small pain” in the area it was injected. He disclosed this after the vaccination of President Muhammadu Buhari and his Vice, Yemi Osinbajo at the… In "News"