A Nigerian-born Professor of Medicine, Iyalla Elvis Peterside, has emerged one of America’s Best Physicians 2020. A source from the Nigerian community in Philadelphia, told Daily Sun that the United States National Consumer Advisory Board and Todaysbestphysician.com, named Peterside to the prestigious honour roll. Peterside, a professor of paediatrics and Neonatology at the University of Pennsylvania Medical School, is a Consultant at the Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia considered one of the best Children’s Hospitals in the world where he has worked for over 20 years. “Nigerians in diaspora, fuelled by passion to succeed, make global impact and the inherent resilience in them continue to record phenomenal successes on international scale in a wide range of fields. The latest is Professor Iyalla Elvis Peterside, a Nigerian born medical doctor who has been named one of America’s Best Physicians for the year 2020 by the US National Consumer Advisory Board and Todaysbestphysician.com. “Dr Peterside is a Professor of Paediatrics and Neonatology at the University of Pennsylvania Medical school and a Consultant at the Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia, considered one of the best Children’s Hospitals in the world where he has worked for over 20 years,” a source from the Nigerian community in Philadelphia said. Peterside, until recently, was the Medical Director of the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit at the University of Pennsylvania Hospital and the President of the Philadelphia Perinatal Society. “He is a recipient of many awards from his colleagues and professional associations in the US. His area of expertise is in the care of complex surgical neonates, infants needing extracorporeal support and babies with chronic lung disease. He graduated from the University of Ibadan in 1985 and has practiced medicine in four continents of Africa, Europe, Asia and North America. “Prof Iyalla Peterside is among Nigerian professionals who constitute the most celebrated diaspora community in the US. Nigerians are top on the table of the most highly educated of all diaspora groups in the US, with 61 percent holding at least a bachelors degree compared with 31 percent of the total foreign-born population and 32 percent of the US-born population, according to 2017 data from the Migration Policy Institute. More than half of Nigerian immigrants (54 per cent) were most likely to occupy management positions, compared with 32 percent of the total foreign-born population and 39 percent of the US-born population. Nigerians also dominate the creative art sector in the US. Most recently, President Biden has appointed more Nigerians to sensitive political offices than any other diaspora community,” the source also said. Corroborating the development, the Nigerians in Diaspora Commission, on its Twitter handle, @nidcom_gov, said: “Dr Peterside has been awarded America’s Best Physicians for the year 2020 by the US National Consumer Advisory Board and Todaysbestphysician.com.“Congratulations.” Sun News A Nigerian medical doctor, Oluyinka O. Olutoye, MD, PhD, has been appointed Surgeon-In-Chief at Nationwide Children’s Hospital. The appointment has been effective since August 1. In his new role, Dr. Olutoye will lead one of the largest children’s hospital surgery departments in the world. Through his leadership of 11 surgical… In "Foreign" By Eze Chukwuemeka Eze Writing on Dr Dakuku Adol Peterside, the Rivers State All Progressives Congress (APC) gubernatorial candidate, on any issue is always a delight as his multifaceted and enigmatic personality comes to play. His phenomenal and cult-followership stature amongst the youths and God-fearing people puts him as a… In "Politics" By Isaac Aregbesola New York -  The Association of Nigerian Physicians in America (ANPA) has pledged to assist Nigeria scale up her health indices and boost healthcare delivery. Dr Iwueze Obilo, Chairperson ANPA New Jersey Chapter, who said this at an interactive session between President Muhammadu Buhari and Nigeria in… In "Health"