Some gunmen who are suspected to be bandits have struck again in Zamfara State.  The gunmen invaded Ruwan Tofa village in the Maru Local Government Area of Zamfara State, abducting over 70 people, including nursing mothers and children. According to SaharaReporters, it was gathered that the armed men riding motorcycles, attacked the village on Wednesday shooting sporadically. According to a source, the bandits kidnapped at least 70 persons and carted away valuables, including foodstuffs and animals. Houses and vehicles belonging to villagers were also destroyed and burnt. “The attack lasted for several hours, the gunmen took at least 70 persons into the forest,” the source said. The incident occurred few days after gunmen killed 40 persons and abducted over many others at Sabuwar Tunga, a neighbouring village in Maru LGA. Deadly attacks have raged across Zamfara state where bandits have thrived. Farming and herding communities in the state have long been terrorised by gangs who raid villages, stealing cattle and kidnap residents for ransom. On Friday, 279 students of Government Girls Secondary School, Jangebe in the Talata Mafara Local Government area of the state were abducted. The gunmen were said to have arrived the school around 1am and loaded the girls in buses. The students were released after negotiations between the government and the kidnappers. In 2019, the state government entered a peace agreement with the gunmen. About 15 brand new Hilux vehicles and cash gifts were also given to leaders of different ‘repentant’ gangs of bandits by the governor in 2020. But despite all these, communities in the state are still being attacked and residents kidnapped and/or killed.  Source …Kaduna, Zamfara, Borno deadliest states…North-West deadliest zone AS flames of violence and other forms of lives guzzling insecurity flicker in many parts of the country, Nigeria has literally become a killing field. In the first six weeks of 2021, lives of no fewer than 1,525 persons have been wasted across… In "Top Stories" It has been reported that some armed men on Monday attacked a school in Kaduna, killing one person and kidnapping seven students and a teacher, residents said. According to PREMIUM TIMES, the armed men killed a man and abducted seven students and a teacher of Prince Academy, located at Damba-Kasaya… In "News" At least 50 persons have been reportedly killed while 31 sustained injuries after suspected bandits attacked some communities in Zamfara state during the weekend. The armed men were said to have attacked communities in Maru, Gusau and Birnin Magaji local government areas of the state. The attackers came in motorcycles,… In "News"