Palpable tension engulfed Owerri, the Imo State capital on Wednesday as the officers from the state police command forced organizers of a summit in honour of the former governor of the state, Senator Rochas Okorocha, to stop the programme.  The summit was organized to highlight the achievements of Okorocha, who currently represents Imo West Senatorial District in the Senate. Read Also: Imo monarch attacks Okorocha inside planeThe program, which was tagged, ‘Imo Good Governance Summit’, was organized by Imo Transparency Group International. The summit was to hold at Immaculate Hotel, Port Harcourt Road, Owerri, before riffle weilding policemen led by the Divisional Police Officer of New Owerri Police Division, dispersed the delegates from the venue. The DPO said he was implementing an order from “above” not allow the summit to hold. The police action caused tension within the state capital as the supporters of the former governor, who were already gathered for the event, insisted on holding the summit.  Source THE Peoples Democratic Party on Monday accused the Imo State Governor, Hope Uzodimma, and a former governor of the state, Rochas Okorocha, of turning the state into a war zone. The PDP spokesperson in the state, Ogubundu Nwadike, in a statement on Monday said the clash between the supporters of… In "Features" Police has revealed why it arrested a former Governor of Imo State, Rochas Okorocha. According to the Police, Okorocha was arrested for breaking into the Royal Spring Palm Hotels and Apartments. SaharaReporters had reported how the state government seized the estate allegedly belonging to Nkechi, wife of the former governor.… In "Politics" Following his arrest and arraignment of his loyalists in court by the Imo State government, former governor of the state and member representing Imo West Senatorial District, Senator Rochas Okorocha has warned Governor Hope Uzodimma not to take his peaceful disposition for cowardice. The former governor, who explained the reason… In "News"