According to Peoples Gazette, the National leader of the All Progressives Congress, Bola Ahmed Tinubu has been asked by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) to declare his assets.  It was not immediately clear whether or not the CCB has obliged the EFCC’s request. According to the media outlet, the EFCC in November 2020, asked the asset fraud investigation office to supply details of Tinubu’s asset documents as part of an ongoing probe of the politician The request, dated November 6, was a follow-up to previous demands made with respect to Tinubu’s asset filings. In the letter, the EFCC referred to its previous letter of September 4, 2020, and CCB’s response of October 9, 2020, asking the bureau to supply “outstanding requested information of Bola Ahmed Adekunle Tinubu.” It was not immediately clear whether or not the CCB has obliged the EFCC’s request for additional information ever since, or the nature and scope of information provided if applicable. Respective spokespersons for the EFCC and CCB did not return requests seeking comments about Mr. Tinubu’s investigation as led by Abdulrasheed Bawa when he was the head of Lagos zonal office.  Source •Senator Ahmed Bola Tinubu ABUJA - The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission has deepened its probe into All Progressives Congress stalwart,  Bola Tinubu, The PUNCH has learnt. To this end, the EFCC has written a letter to the Code of Conduct Bureau, requesting copies of Tinubu’s asset declaration form. A copy of… In "Top Stories" ‌By Olalekan Adetayo,Eniola Akinkuotu and Sunday Aborisade. The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission on Tuesday absolved its new Chairman, Abdulrasheed Bawa, of allegations of corruption. A few hours after President Muhammadu Buhari appointed him as the EFCC chairman on Tuesday, there were reports of his involvement in corruption. But the… In "News" The suspended Acting Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Mr. Ibrahim Magu, has honoured the invitation of the Code of Conduct Bureau (CCB) over his assets declaration and pay slips. Magu, who for some hours, had audience with the CCB team last Friday, was accompanied to the… In "News"