Abdulrasheed Bawa, the Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), while addressing the issue of corruption has said that he will tender his resignation if he is asked to do anything against his conscience.  The 40-year-old EFCC Chairman who said this in an interview on NTA said he will be guided by the law in all his actions. Bawa also urged Nigerians to stop glorifying corruption and corrupt people in the society. He said in the interview; “We need to change our attitudes in Nigeria. We are in the habit of worshipping people that have money in the society, but never bother to ask questions about their source of income. “In winning the fight against corruption, we are engaging all stakeholders including religious leaders, community leaders and others. “We are going to embark on massive public enlightenment to sensitise people on the need to shun corruption in all its forms. “I will continue to do what is right. The Commission under my watch will continue to abide by the rule of law. If anybody asks me to do anything contrary to my conscience or against the rule of law, I will resign my appointment.”  Source ....I'm eminently qualified to be EFCC Chairman By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate has screened and confirmed Abdulrasheed Bawa as the substantive Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC). This is also as Bawa has said that he is eminently qualified to occupy the position… In "Top Stories" •EFCC Chairman-nominee, Abdulrasheed Bawa  ABUJA - The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has promoted its Chairman-nominee, Abdulrasheed Ahmed Bawa, and 88 others. They were promoted from Grade Level 13 Principal Detective Superintendent (PDS) to grade level 14 Deputy Chief Detective Superintendent (DCDS) Grade Level 14, effective from January 1,… In "Top Stories" ‌By Olalekan Adetayo,Eniola Akinkuotu and Sunday Aborisade. The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission on Tuesday absolved its new Chairman, Abdulrasheed Bawa, of allegations of corruption. A few hours after President Muhammadu Buhari appointed him as the EFCC chairman on Tuesday, there were reports of his involvement in corruption. But the… In "News"