Ohanaeze Ndigbo, Arewa Consultative Youth Movement, Niger Delta Youth Council, Oduduwa Youth Forum, and Middle Belt Forum have lauded the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) for instituting the Healthcare Sector Research and Development Intervention Scheme. The ethnic advocacy groups noted that the move will make Nigeria a global vaccine development and medical tourism hub in future. Ohanaeze Secretary-General Nwada Chiamaka said in a statement: ‘This is clear from the statement credited to the apex bank that it received over 286 proposals from the public for grants under the scheme. ‘Under the CBN’s HSRDIS, grants are provided to researchers and healthcare institutions for the development of vaccines, drugs and herbal medicines. ‘We are also aware that out of the 68 proposals that have been evaluated so far, five proposals with significant merits valued at N253.54m were recommended to the CBN by experts for financing. ‘The fact that some of the recommended proposals have the potential to enable the development of the Nigerian vaccine for COVID-19 is enough indication that the scheme is a noble one that the CBN and its leadership should be commended for. ‘While congratulating the recipients of the award for their efforts in working to develop solutions to some of the healthcare challenges, we urge them not to drop the ball. ‘They should continue to strive to come up with innovations that will make Nigeria and indeed the world a safer place.’ Sun News By Kadiri Abdulrahman Abuja -  The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), as part of its policy response to the COVID-19 pandemic, introduces the Healthcare Care Sector Research and Development Intervention Scheme (HSRDIS). The information is contained in the apex bank’s official website, www.cbn.gov.ng.   The bank stated that the intervention… In "Health" By Mustapha Sumaila Abuja - The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), says it has received more than 20 applications requesting for N67 billion grants under its Healthcare Sector Research and Development Intervention Scheme (HSRDIS). The CBN Governor, Mr Godwin Emefiele disclosed this during the inauguration of the Body of Experts… In "Health" The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) on Sunday said Nigeria is not the only country where Cryptocurrency is outlawed. It explained that many other countries, central banks, international financial institutions, and investors and economists have also warned against its use. They include China, Canada, Taiwan, Indonesia, Algeria, Egypt, Morocco, Bolivia,… In "Business"