 The House of Representatives has urged the Federal Government to halt appropriation of 4.2 million pounds recovered from former Gov. James Ibori of Delta.  The resolution followed to a unanimous adoption of a motion by Minority Leader Ndudi Elumelu (PDP-Delta) at plenary on Wednesday.The motion was co-sponsored by nine other lawmakers from Delta. Speaking, Elumelu said the 4.2 million pound, being proceeds of looted funds recovered from former Gov. James Ibori was being transferred to the coffers of the federal government for appropriation. According to him, this is without recourse to the Delta Government.The rep said that the money belonged to the people of Delta and should be refunded to the coffers of the State Government for developmental purposes. Elumelu said that assets seized by Economic Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) from other states were returned to those states as the case in Bayelsa and Abia.“If the federal government is allowed to appropriate the fund without recourse to the Delta Government, the people of the state will be shortchanged. READ ALSO Justice Ngwuta was an Eminent, Erudite Jurist, Says Tinubu“They will be deprived of their legitimate resources to improve on the economy of the state as well as provide the requisite infrastructure for their benefit,” he said.The house mandated its Committees on Finance, Justice and Recovered Funds to investigate the matter. The lower chambers urged the Ministry of Finance to stop disbursement pending the final determination of the matter by the House. The House also requested the Ministry of Finance and Attorney General of Federation to furnish it with all particulars relating to the money. In his ruling, Deputy Speaker Ahmed Wase mandated the committees to conclude investigations and report to the House within two weeks.  (NAN) Who should be the custodian of the £4.2 million recovered from friends and family members of former Delta State Governor James Ibori to be returned to Nigeria by the United Kingdom government? The Federal Government said the cash considered as recovered loot, belongs to it. It promptly deployed it for… In "News" The Oghara Development Union, (ODU) Lagos Branch, has called on the Federal Government to insist that every single penny that has been forfeited by Chief James Onanefe Ibori’s associates in the London trial, should be returned to Nigeria. Ibori is from Oghara town in the Ethiope West Local Government Area… In "News" By Akeem Soboyede     Back in 1775, writer Samuel Johnson reportedly uttered these immortal words: “patriotism is the last refuge of a scoundrel”.  The distinguished man of letters authored the first compendium of English words, titled “A Dictionary of the English Language”.  But Johnson’s alleged diatribe against purveyors of fake patriotism has lingered longer than his landmark dictionary. And rightfully… In "Opinion"