The world’s oldest known wild bird, Wisdom the albatross has hatched a chick at the age of at least 70. The Laysan albatross hatched the chick on 1 February in a wildlife refuge in the North Pacific Ocean, the US Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS) has said. Laysan albatrosses usually only live for 12-40 years. But Wisdom was first identified by researchers in 1956. The father is Wisdom’s partner, Akeakamai, who she has been with since 2012, US wildlife officials said. Albatrosses usually mate for life, but it is believed Wisdom had other partners in the past that she outlived. Although Wisdom hatched her chick in February, in the Midway Atoll national wildlife refuge, in a US minor outlying island in the North Pacific, it has only been reported this week. “Wisdom laid her egg sometime during the last few days of November,” the USFWS wrote in its statement announcing the new arrival. “Soon after, Wisdom returned to sea to forage and her mate Akeakamai took over incubation duties. Albatross parents share incubation duties and once the chick hatches, share feeding duties.” Source SYDNEY - Scientists have discovered a new strain of avian flu in the Antarctic, after testing a group of Adélie penguins, according to an Australian-based researcher. "We found that this virus was unlike anything else detected in the world," Aeron Hurt of the World Health Organization's Collaborating Center for Reference… In "Health" Improved Chicken Breed developed by FUNAAB Professor with Photos: The Professor of Animal Breeding and Genetics has developed improved breed of chickens from local chickens. The project which stated in 1994 has led to the improved breed of chicken called FUNAAB-Alpha. A Professor of Animal Breeding and Genetics in the College… In "Education" A wildlife organization in Kenya has announced the birth of a "Zonkey" which came after its mother, a Zebra mated with a donkey. The stray Zebra began an amorous affair with the donkey after it ventured out of the Tsavo East National Park, into a community bordering the park. It… In "Foreign"