Abuja (Sundiata Post) –   The chairman, Plateau State chapter of Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria (MACBAN) Alhaji Muhammad Nuru said the association have agreed and will support the Plateau State government on ranching policy. Recall that the Plateau State government is set to domesticate the National Livestock Transformation Programme (NLTP) by approving a bill for the establishment of the Plateau State Livestock Transformation (PSLT) which when passed into law, will promote livestock business anchored on ranching. Speaking to our correspondent in Jos, the Plateau State capital yesterday, Nuru said MACBAN have submitted their report to the Plateau state government, with a view to support the ranching policy in the state. He added that the state government cannot displace somebody from where he had lived all through his life, just as he advised the state government that its implementation should be a gradual process. Nuru also pointed out that there should be sensitisation of the herders, with a view to let them know the economic benefit of ranching policy, which will enable the herders to send their children to school. “We prefer the ranching policy; it is more economical and minimised the crisis between the herders and farmers. The implementation of the ranching policy should be a gradual process. We have submitted our demands to the NLTP and the Plateau state government and we stand by it”, he said. Leadership. By Peter Amine Jos - Gov. Simon Lalong of Plateau, says ranching policy is the best option in addressing herders/farmers clashes in the state. Lalong who stated this on Saturday in Jos at the 3rd Annual Plateau Prayer Day, described grazing reserve and cattle colony as outdated. He said, “My… In "Top Stories" An identity card belonging to the Deputy Chairman of Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria in Bassa Local Government Area of Plateau State, Zakariya Ya’u Idris, is now a subject of controversy. The Police authorities said they had commenced investigation into the matter. While the Irigwe Development Association alleged… In "Top Stories" Northern Governors on Tuesday said the Federal Government should provide funding for the establishment of ranches across the region. The Chairman of the Northern Governors’ Forum, Simon Lalong, during an appearance on Channels Television’s News @ 10 said the Governors have been in support of ranching for quite some time.… In "News"