Fashion stylist, Toyin Lawani, has fired back at critics of her raunchy nun outfit.  The Nation had reported the fashionista sparked outrage over her controversial dress for the premiere of ‘Prophetess‘, a movie by Niyi Akinmolayan.  Many critics who took to social media, described the outfit as an insult to Christianity while some others carpeted her for promoting immortality. In several photos shared on her Instagram page, Lawani could be seen clad in an all-white attire with a sign of the cross inscribed on it. Although she was partly unclad as her thighs could be visibly seen while she also accompanied the photos with religious-inclined captions. Reacting in a lengthy Instagram post, the entrepreneur described her critics as “hypocrites”. Lawani further stated she won’t apologise over her raunchy nun outfit. “This message is to tell you all that you no get sense not an explanation. Honestly Nigerians have refused to be liberated when it comes to fashion and depicting themes. “When will you get it into your empty skulls that costumes can carry crucifix and doesn’t mean its a sign of disrespect? “People dress like sexy nuns all day, for all sorts of events and halloween… yet, you’re all on my page crying and wailing like I killed someone in your family just because I’m Nigerian but if It’s Kim or your RiRi or Beyoncé now, you will be hearing ‘awwn, so hot, my role model. Read Also: Fani-Kayode carpets Toyin Lawani’s ‘nun’ outfit“Bloody hypocrites but behind closed door you’re all disgusting and doing nasty shit. Even you pastors who come on here to preach, na una f**k your ushers and church members pass…most of you are so way back.” Lawani noted many Nigerians have been “blindfolded” by religious inclinations and lack of exposure that they can’t recognise works of art. “Your lack of exposure is really disturbing you lots, you don’t even know what art is when you see it. I learnt fashion internationally, break fashion boundaries and I’m a risk taker. “You will never be able to understand me cause I will always stay true to what I love and will never do anything to please anyone but myself,” “If you are expecting that apology you are preaching on my page from me you will be waiting till eternity, take your frustrations to the blogs, but when you come to my page, I will give you your size. “By now I felt your brains should have told you that I’m not your basic fellow Nigerian and I do not follow the rules of your society. “I make my own rules, doesn’t mean any of you are holier than I am or better human beings than me. “All the parasites infesting Nigeria and spoiling the youths currently, you haven’t done anything about that it’s my outfit that’s your headache yet you promote those nasty acts daily.”  Source Few days ago reports had it that popular celebrity stylist, Toyin Lawani of Tiannah’s Styling and her baby daddy/fiance Trigga Kess, 22, had pulled the plug on their over a year relationship.It was further alleged that Kess  tried to abscond with their 8 month old son but was arrested by the entrepreneur.… In "Style" Nigerian fashion entrepreneur, Toyin Lawani, plans to give Big Brother BBNaija housemate, Mercy And Cindy a styling deal when they are out of the house. Toyin Lawani who was pleased with the good things they said about her and Tiannah decided to compensate them for their love. Cindy who is… In "Entertainment" Fashion entrepreneur, Toyin Lawani celebrated reaching a million followers on Instagram by sharing her n*ked photo online. In the photo, the mother of two was pictured completely n*ked as she enjoyed a bath in a tub. She wrote her caption: 'Ok let’s celebrate The one million followers.' See full photo… In "Entertainment"