Osun State Governor, Mr Adegboyega Oyetola, has reappointed Dr. Folorunso Alakija as the Chancellor, Osun State University, Osogbo for another five-year tenure.  The Public Relations Officer of the University, Ademola Adesoji, in a statement obtained in Osogbo on Monday, said Alakija was reappointed based on her track record. The statement described Alakija as a lover of education, philanthropist of note and resourceful education manager “as demonstrated during her first tenure in office.”  Adesoji further explained that in the re-appointment letter, Governor Oyetola expressed his delight to re-appoint Alakija as the Chancellor of the University for the second term of five years beginning from March 9, 2021. The statement further quoted Oyetola as saying, “In recognition of your outstanding performance and contribution to the development of Osun State University during your first tenure as the Chancellor of the University, and in the exercise of the power conferred upon me in paragraph 1 (2) of First Schedule to the Osun State University Law in 2006, I am delighted to re-appoint you as the Chancellor of the Institution for the second term of five years beginning from 9th of March, 2021.  “Your track record as a lover of education, a philanthropist of note and above all a resourceful education manager as demonstrated during your first tenure in office has endeared you to all and sundry within and outside our state. I am, therefore, confident and assured of a greater future of unprecedented all-round development for our dear State University.” Meanwhile, the Vice-Chancellor of the University, Prof. ‘Labode Popoola, while reacting to the reappointment, thanked Oyetola for reappointing Alakija, saying her first tenure in the office gave birth to lot of physical and infrastructural developments in the University.  Source OSOGBO (Sundiata Post) - The Governor of Osun State, Ogbeni Rauf Aregbesola, has appointed the third richest woman of African descent in the world Mrs. Folorunso Alakija, as the Chancellor of Osun State University, Osogbo. The governor, in a statement by the Director, Bureau of Communication and Strategy, office of the Governor,… In "News" OSOGBO - The late Minister of Justice and Attorney General of the Federation, Chief Bola Ige, was on Wednesday honoured as the visitor to the Osun State University and Governor of Osun State, Ogbeni Rauf Aregbesola named the state-owned university after him. This was part of a sweeping renaming of… In "News" Osogbo  -  The University of Osun on Wednesday installed Mrs Folorunso Alakija as the first female Chancellor in Nigeria's public universities. Alakija, a business mogul, was installed as the Chancellor of the University during the 4th and 5th convocation ceremony in Osogbo. In his speech at the occasion, Gov. Rafiu… In "News"