The lecturer and student of the National Institute for Construction Technology, Uromi in Esan Northeast Local Government Area of Edo State, who were abducted last Wednesday, have regained their freedom. It was gathered in Benin Monday that the lecturer, Mr. Uzoaku Onyemabi (38), and student, Elizabeth Ayim (24) were released unhurt. The Nation gathered that efforts to free the victims was possible through the efforts of vigilance men in Uromi, Edo state and police personnel, who jointly combed the forest and engaged the hoodlums in heavy gun battle. Edo’s Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Kontongs Bello, a Superintendent of Police (SP), confirmed the released of the two victims, whom he said were immediately reunited with their families. Bello assured that officers and men of Edo police command were working round the clock to arrest the five gunmen that carried out the dastardly act, while insisting that no ransom was paid before the lecturer and student were set free. It would be recalled that the abduction occurred on March 10, along Ugboha Road, Uromi, Edo State, where the lecturer and student went to inspect the ongoing examination at their new school under construction, with the five armed men appearing from a thick forest behind the school to abduct them.. Edo Commissioner of Police, Phillip Ogbadu, had earlier enjoined members of the public to always cooperate with the police by giving credible information that would expose those behind heinous crimes in the state, while promising to work with the public, describing policing as the concern of everybody. Ogbadu urged members of the public to go about their lawful businesses without fear of molestation, insisting that the police command under his watch was on top of the security situation in Edo. The Nation An unspecified number of teachers and students of the National Institute of Construction Technology, Uromi, Edo State, have been reportedly kidnapped by gunmen. It was gathered that the gunmen stormed the institute on Wednesday night and abducted the victims. The development has heightened tension among residents in the locality. As… In "News" A student of the University of Benin, Mr. Awoh Sunday Theodore has cried out for help after being by men of the Nigerian police over a Facebook post. However, it has been revealed that the arrest is one of 'mistaken identity', Campus Gist reports. The report revealed that Theodore was… In "Education" By Mike Odiegwu YENAGOA - Unidentified kidnappers have whisked away three female students of the Bayelsa State College of Health Technology, Otuogidi, Ogbia Local Government Area, Bayelsa State. It was gathered that the final year students of Environmental Science were kidnapped by their assailants at about 11am on Monday and… In "News"