The Chancellor of Covenant University, Bishop David Oyedepo, has said that examination malpractice is considered a capital offence in Covenant University.  Oyedepo said this at the 19th Matriculation Ceremony for 2020/2021 Academic Session Undergraduate/ Post Graduate Degree Programme. Over 1, 766 students matriculated across the College of Business and Social Science, College of Engineering, College of Leadership Studies and College of Science and Technology and Post Graduate Programme He said that the university do not take any excuse whatsoever when students are caught engaging in examination malpractice, it is a capital offence among other offences in the school. He said “for instance, here at Covenant University, among others, examination malpractice is considered a capital offense and every perpetrator automatically loses their place in the university”. In his words, the Vice Chancellor of Covenant University, Professor Abiodun Adebayo, told parents and guardians that the Eaglets they see today will in 4 or 5 years become full grown Eagles, with the best of education coupled with character, entrepreneurial prowess, an appreciable level of spirituality, imbued with leadership capacity and life applicable skills.”  Source Abuja(SundaitaPost) -From January to December 2018, here are all the big stories about Nigerian Education and student. Has 2018 been a wonderful year for Nigerian students? Well, that’ll be left for you to decide after reading this compilations of all the big stories from the Nigerian University and Polytechnic campuses.… In "Education" DUTSE - The Federal University, Dutse, Jigawa on Saturday matriculated 978 students for the 2014/2015 academic session. Matriculating the students in Dutse, the Vice-Chancellor of the school, Prof Jibrila Amin, said that the Faculty of Agriculture had 147 students, Faculty of Arts and Social Sciences had 376, while the Faculty… In "News" By Ige Adekunle Sango-Ota(Ogun) - Prof. Peter Okebukola, a former Executive Secretary of the National Universities Commission(NUC), has called on the Federal Government to work toward  providing a world class learning environment for  tertiary institutions in the country. Okebukola made the call at the 14th Convocation Lecture of Covenant University,… In "News"