Nigerians have been warned ahead by the leader of INRI Evangelical Spiritual Church, Primate Elijah Ayodele that taking coronavirus vaccines will have side effects.  He cautioned the President and Nigerians to be careful in using the COVID-19 vaccines, adding that he does not see it bringing an end to COVID-19 in the country, insisting that the virus will go at God’s appointed time In a statement on Monday, the cleric explained that the vaccine will have side effect on the health of some people, and that there is need for the country leadership to have a re-think about the vaccine. ‘’I have said it in 2020 that COVID-19 will go at God’s appointed time alone, the vaccine will not still solve the virus issue. I call on the President of this country, Muhammadu Buhari to have a rethink of this Covid-19 vaccine, I foresee that it will have serious side effect on some people, cautions need to be taken now.” Also, he reacted to the insecurity state of the country, revealing that the only way to solve it is if the government take the spiritual aspect serious. He warned that if the government don’t start taking the spiritual aspect of it serious, insecurity will still attract international community intervention because it will become more serious. ‘’International community will still get involved in nigeria’s insecurity state, they will condemn buhari government towards the end of his term. “I still say they can get Boko Haram leader only when he is weakened spiritually, clerics need to pray, I see this attracting the intervention of international community, except we pray. “Buhari’s government has missed it, if the security aspect is not taken care of, I don’t see us seeing the end to insecurity in nigeria.’’  Source Pastor Adewale Giwa, the Senior Pastor of Awaiting The Second Coming Of Christ Ministry, has stated that the President Buhari and Vice-President Osinbajo took malaria shots instead of the COVID-19 vaccine. Giwa said the COVID-19 vaccines they took were meant to cure malaria. Addressing his members on Sunday, Pastor Giwa… In "News" The National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control has ruled out the possibility of conducting a local clinical trial on the proposed N400bn vaccines before administering them on Nigerians. The agency said since the World Health Organisation had approved the vaccines there might not be need to conduct… In "News" Nigerians have continued to react to the Federal Government’s vaccination programme against COVID-19. Some Nigerians on social media have asked President Muhammadu Buhari, to vaccinate the citizens against killer Fulani herdsmen terrorising the country. Nigeria rolled out its vaccination programme against the lethal coronavirus infection on Friday with about four… In "News"