EPL champions Liverpool lost 1-0 to Fulham on Sunday.  It was the sixth successive home defeat of the club coached by Jurgen Klopp.  Mario Lemina’s goal on the stroke of half-time, after the Gabon midfielder had dispossessed Mohamed Salah, gave the visitors a deserved win and saw them draw level on 26 points with 17th-placed Brighton. It was Fulham’s first win at Anfield since 2012, while champions Liverpool are now struggling to finish in the top four after another uninspired performance at home. The Reds, who won the title last season by 18 points, had gone 68 home league matches unbeaten before their current run started with a loss to Burnley in January. Since then they have also lost on home soil to Brighton, Manchester City, Everton, Chelsea and now Fulham.  Ademola Lookman, who was given the freedom of Anfield, twice got behind the Reds defence but could not finish while Josh Maja was denied by a brave save by Alisson. The winner came after Liverpool thought they had cleared a free-kick but Salah was caught on the ball by Lemina who produced an arrowed finish, his first goal since joining on loan from Southampton. Diogo Jota, making his first start since 28 November, was denied an equaliser by an acrobatic save from Alphonse Areola early in the second half before substitute Sadio Mane hit the post with a looping header. But Liverpool were poor and have now failed to win their last eight home games.  Source London - Thirty years of hurt came to an end for Liverpool when they were confirmed as Premier League champions on Thursday, courtesy of second-placed Manchester City’s 2-1 defeat by Chelsea. The result at Stamford Bridge means Liverpool have an unassailable 23-point lead over Manchester City with seven games left.… In "Sports" London -   Liverpool maintained their finest start to any season, earning a sixth straight Premier League win 3-0 over Southampton as Manchester City returned to form with a dazzling 5-0 win at Cardiff City on Saturday. On a day when Manchester United welcomed former manager Alex Ferguson back to… In "Sports" London - Liverpool Manager, Juergen Klopp, is looking for his defence to regain top form after a third loss in four games across all competitions but Saturday’s Premier League opponents Bournemouth could be more concerned about their own back line. Leaders’ Liverpool were expected to respond strongly to last Saturday’s… In "Sports"