Pentecostal Fellowship of Nigeria (PFN), has lamented continuous silence of President Muhammadu Buhari over the nation’s insecurity, saying that happening’s around the nation is disturbing. PFN urged Buhari to as a matter of urgency address Nigerians on the palpable insecurity situation in the country and take necessary steps to find a lasting solution to the security challenges. Speaking on Wednesday in Ibadan while receiving separately the Lagos, Ogun and Osun States’ Chapters of the PFN led by Apostle Enjimaya Okwuonu and Apostle David Otaru as well as Prophet Isaiah Adelowokan, respectively, who had come to felicitate with him on his emergence as the body’s President, PFN President, Bishop Francis Wale Oke said that silence of President Buhari over the security situation in Nigeria is deafening and it’s giving room for speculation and gossips that suggest the government has hands in the sickening situation by indulging and pampering the bandits and the killer Fulani herdsmen. Wale Oke, who is the founder of the Sword of the Spirit Ministries and the Proprietor of the Precious Cornerstone University (PCU) Ibadan charged Buhari to rise up and tackle the situation headlong, stressing that he should rise above primordial sentiments and sectional attachment by doing the needful to make the nation more homely for every Nigerian. The renowned Cleric reminded the President that he was voted into power in 2015 because of his military background with a view to stemming the insecurity in the country. He said, “There is so much pressure and tension in the land due to insurgency being orchestrated by the Boko Haram, kidnapping, banditry, killer Fulani herdsmen’s palaver, raping, among other ills. All these are self-inflicted. “We don’t want the Vice President, Prof Yemi Osinbajo to be the one that will speak; It is President Buhari himself that we want to hear from on the dreary security situation in the country. Our President should use the opportunity to disassociate his government from the lawlessness currently ravaging the country through the activities of Boko Haram insurgents and the killer Fulani herdsmen.” The Nation By Kevin Okunzuwa Benin - Dr Felix Omobude, National President, Pentecostal Fellowship of Nigeria (PFN), has urged the federal government and the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to ensure level playing fields during the forthcoming Edo and Ondo state polls. Omobude made the call at a news conference on Monday… In "News" Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State and President of the Pentecostal Fellowship of Nigeria, PFN, yesterday threw their full weight behind the Christmas Day message by Catholic Bishop of Sokoto Diocese, Bishop Matthew Kukah, saying it is a true reflection of the current situation in Nigeria. The message has pitched… In "News" The Pentecostal Fellowship of Nigeria (PFN) has expressed reservations against certain provisions in the Company and Allied Matters Acts (CAMA) 2020 recently assented to by President Muhammadu Buhari. Specifically, the body faulted Section 839(1) (a), (b), (C) in the Acts, arguing they run contrary to Section 6(6) and Section 36… In "News"