Nigerian Pastor, Chris Oyakhilome and his religious channel, Loveworld has been fined N65.6 million by the United Kingdom’s Office of Communications better known as Ofcom.  Ofcom said in a statement that the station was fined £125,000 (N65.6m) for breaching the country’s broadcasting code by disseminating misinformation on COVID-19. The statement read in part, “Today we have fined Loveworld £125,000 for this breach of the broadcasting code. This was the second time in a year that the broadcaster breached our rules on accuracy in news and harm in its coverage of the coronavirus.” On December 1 2020, Loveworld aired a 29-hour programme called the Global Day of Prayer, during which claims were made about the COVID-19. According to the agency, these claims included the notion that the outbreak was ‘planned’, that the ‘sinister’ vaccine can be used to implant ‘nanochips’ that can control and cause harm to members of the public and the debunked theory that the virus was somehow caused by 5G. The station said it was unfortunate that the station could continue to spread such information despite previous warnings. The statement further read, “Ofcom stresses that legitimate debate about the official response to the coronavirus pandemic is fundamental to holding public authorities to account during a global health crisis - particularly when public freedoms are curtailed and complex policy decisions are being taken. “However, the inaccurate and potentially harmful claims made during this programme were unsupported by any factual evidence and went entirely without challenge. Ofcom was particularly concerned that this breach followed previous, similar breaches in 2020 during the investigation of which, Loveworld Limited gave Ofcom a number of assurances as to how it would improve its compliance procedures.” Oyakhilome, who heads Christ Embassy church headquartered in Lagos, has in the last one year encouraged his members to ignore COVID-19 protocols. He recently asked his members not to take COVID-19 vaccines. Source Due to the coronavirus pandemic, the Federal Government has imposed a ban on religious gatherings, something that doesn’t go down well with Pastor Chris Oyakhilome. Chris Oyakhilome the founder and president of LoveWorld Incorporated, also known as Christ Embassy, has called out pastors who are in support of the church… In "News" A medical doctor with the Federal Medical Centre, Makurdi, Benue State, Ifegbike Kalu, on Friday warned that constant washing of hands, wearing facemasks could make one susceptible to COVID-19. Dr Kalu spoke in while reacting to claims by Pastor Chris Oyakhilome of LoveWorld Incorporated that the use of face mask… In "Health" Founder of Believers Love World aka Chris Embassy Pastor Chris Oyakhilome has lashed out at Christians receiving vaccine. Christians, he said, are healers who should believe in the word of God more than the vaccine. He also berated the Federal Government for asking pastors to convince their members to take… In "Health"