Rivers Governor Nyesom Wike has queried the proposed flag-off of the Port Harcourt-Maiduguri railway project. He claimed the All Progressives Congress (APC)-led Federal Government was deceiving the people. Transport Minister, Rotimi Amaechi, was already in Port Harcourt for commissioning of the railway project scheduled for Tuesday. But referring to the railway, Wike, who spoke when he led former Jigawa Governor Sule Lamido to inaugurate the Rumuji-Iba-Obelle-Isiokpo road constructed by his government said: “Let them tell us what they had done for Rivers state. I hear they want to flag-off railways narrow gauge from here (Rivers state) to Maiduguri. Is that what we need? “They want to do Bonny Deep Sea Port, for how many years now? Before the drawing will come out, has the government not gone? In their hearts, they know they’ll not do it. They only have this year, next year is political year. Tell them we cannot be deceived any longer. “I tell you PDP is a party that Nigerians and Rivers people have seen that have the zeal, and commitment to save Nigerians”. Wike explained his development programme was implemented to create conducive environment that offered Rivers people more opportunities to actualise their potential. The Governor said he was convinced of the appropriateness to open up the area when he promised to reconstruct the road if they supported him.Inaugurating the road project, Lamido expressed delight that development projects were not only executed in the Port Harcourt alone but in hinterland of Rivers. Lamido said leaders like Wike had continued to demonstrate that it was only the PDP that loved the people and would do things to improve their wellbeing and work for a united Nigeria. The Nation Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Transportation Minister, Rotimi Amaechi, is a former boss of current Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike, and the lawmaker representing Rivers Southeast Senatorial District, Senator Magnus Abe. But today, the three are at loggerheads. Who will have the upper hand this time? Amaechi, an Ikwerre from Ubima… In "Top Stories" Former Senate President, David Mark, Similar post By Aniebo Nwamu   By 2019, four Ikwerre men would have ruled Rivers State for 20 unbroken years. The people of riverine Ogoni, Kalabari, Opobo and at least 40 other ethnic groups that make up the state have been grumbling. Apparently in a bid to assuage such feelings, Rotimi Amaechi,… In "Opinion"