Two aides of Ebonyi State Governor, David Umahi, have resigned their appointments with the state government.  The duo, Mr Amaechi Oken, a Senior Technical Assistant to the Governor and Apostle Benjamin Obaji, a Technical Assistant, resigned their appointments this month (March). In their resignation letters dated March 1 and March 8, 2021, respectively, the Governor’s aides cited non-payment of their salaries for some months as the reason for quitting their jobs. It was gathered that on resignation, the duo joined the Peoples Democratic Party from the ruling All Progressives Congress. The PUNCH reports that no fewer than nine aides of Governor Umahi had resigned their appointments with the state government since he defected to the APC last November. While Mr Oken’s resignation letter read in part, “My worry is that while others were paid for January this year, I was not paid. The following month, February too, I have not received any allowances/stipends; Obaji’s letter partly read, “Sir, let it be noted that my resignation was not politically inclined, but purely on personal grounds, not minding the fact that I have not been paid for the past few months.”  (Sunday PUNCH) Ebonyi State governor, David Umahi has sacked most of his political appointees from Ivo Local Government Area of the State. One of his former allies and former Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Senator Pius Anyim is from Ishiagu community in the local government area. The sack comes barely… In "News" By Chukwuemeka Opara   Abakaliki -  Gov. David Umahi of Ebonyi has sacked his Special Assistant (SA) on Primary Health (Ebonyi Central Zone), Mrs Stephanie Ugo-Chima, for absconding from duty for over a month. Dr Hyginus Nwokwu, Secretary to the State Government (SSG), made the disclosure on Wednesday in Abakaliki… In "Politics" • Ebonyi State governor, Dave Umahi One thing that is not in short supply since Ebonyi State governor, Dave Umahi assumed office in 2015 is his generosity in creating political offices and appointing people into them. Sources said the Umahi administration, which is in its fifth year, has rolled out… In "Politics"