No fewer than 13 persons have been killed and seven others injured in a series of bandits’ attacks on communities in Zangon Kataf, Kauru and Chikun local government areas of Kaduna state. In one of the attacks on Kizachi village of Kauru LGA, 56 houses, 16 motorcycles and several barns were razed. Kaduna Commissioner of Internal Security and Home Affairs, Samuel Aruwan confirmed the attacks in a statement on Friday. According to Aruwan: “Thirteen people have been killed and seven others injured in a series of attacks across communities in Zangon Kataf, Kauru and Chikun local government areas. “This was reported to the Kaduna State Government by the Military under the auspices of Operation Safe Haven (OPSH). “According to the report, armed bandits attacked one Irmiya Godwin and his brother as they returned from their farm in Gora Gan village of Zangon Kataf LGA. Irmiya Godwin was killed, while his brother escaped. “In another incident, armed bandits attacked Kizachi village of Kauru LGA, and killed ten persons, leaving four others injured. Fifty-six houses and 16 motorcycles were razed, with several barns also raided and burnt. “Those killed are listed as: Esther Bulus, Maria Bulus (one-year-old daughter of Esther), Lami Bulus, Aliyu Bulus, Monday Joseph, Geje Abuba, Wakili Filibus, Yakubu Ali, Dije Waziri and Joseph Ibrahim “The injured are: Cecilia Aku, Yakubu Idi, Godiya Saleh, Moses Adamu. They are receiving treatment in hospital.” The Nation •A file photo of a gun seized from crime suspects in Nigeria  KADUNA - Six persons have been killed by bandits during fresh village attacks in Igabi and Kauru Local Government Areas (LGAs) of Kaduna State. This latest killing took place barely 24 hours after attacks by bandits in Zango… In "Top Stories" Kaduna State government has confirmed that bandits shot at the official vehicle of Emir of Birnin-Gwari around the Zonkoro axis of the Kaduna-Birnin Gwari road, within Chikun local. The State Commissioner of Internal Security and Home Affairs, Samuel Aruwan confirmed the incident in a statement, saying that, the incident happened… In "News" …Kaduna, Zamfara, Borno deadliest states…North-West deadliest zone AS flames of violence and other forms of lives guzzling insecurity flicker in many parts of the country, Nigeria has literally become a killing field. In the first six weeks of 2021, lives of no fewer than 1,525 persons have been wasted across… In "Top Stories"