Chief Medical Director (CMD) of University of Port Harcourt Teaching Hospital (UPTH) Prof. Henry Ugboma has asked Governor Nyesom Wike to concentrate on governance instead of dissipating his energy attacking Minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi. Ugboma, who spoke in Port Harcourt, Rivers State, said Wike had nothing to offer Rivers people and way yet to deliver the dividends of democracy since he assumed office. Ugboma, who is also a chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC), said Amaechi was too busy thinking of how Nigeria would become great under President Muhammadu Buhari. He said: “Governor Wike should leave the Rt. Hon. Rotimi Amaechi alone. Amaechi is very busy putting the country in shape. Go to civilized societies, the railway line is the means of transportation and Amaechi is doing this so that the economy of the country will improve to connect the food basket of the whole states together, transporting people from one end to the other. “What is development if not that? It is not in this road that the governor of Rivers State is doing in Port Harcourt and Obio/Akpor local government areas. That is not what will connect the nation.” He added: “Wike should concentrate on comparing what he is doing in Port Harcourt and Obio/Akpor with what we are doing in University of Port Teaching Hospital which is the face of APC in the State here. “See the development stride we have taken and not comparing himself with Amaechi who has done excellently in everything. “All the structures Amaechi kept on ground Wike has decided to crash all of them down. There is no comparison at all”. The Nation PORT HARCOURT (Sundiata Post) - The chairman of the Rivers State chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Bro Felix Obuah, has debunked the statement by Transportation minister, Rotimi Amaechi, describing the Rivers State Governor, Chief Nyesom Wike, as a threat to democracy in the country. In a statement he… In "News" Former Senate President, David Mark, Similar post Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Transportation Minister, Rotimi Amaechi, is a former boss of current Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike, and the lawmaker representing Rivers Southeast Senatorial District, Senator Magnus Abe. But today, the three are at loggerheads. Who will have the upper hand this time? Amaechi, an Ikwerre from Ubima… In "Top Stories"