No fewer than eight persons have been killed by bandits, injured four in fresh attacks on Wednesday, spanning Chikun, Giwa and Kajuru local government areas of Kaduna State. A statement by the Commissioner for Internal security and Home Affairs, Samuel Aruwan said, “Eight people have been killed, and four injured by armed bandits in separate attacks dotted across Chikun, Giwa and Kajuru local government areas. These were outlined in reports made by security agencies to the Kaduna State Government. “At Kan Hawa Zankoro, near Ungwan Yako in Chikun local government area, armed bandits shot at a vehicle, which then somersaulted, leading to the deaths of six persons, and leaving four others injured.“In another incident, armed bandits attacked locals at Iburu in Kajuru LGA, and killed one Amos Yari. “Furthermore, armed bandits invaded Hayin Kanwa village, Fatika district, Giwa LGA, and shot dead one Alhaji Sule, a business man in the area, after he resisted their attempts to kidnap him.“Governor Nasiru El-Rufai received the reports with sadness, and prayed for the repose of the souls of those slain, while sending condolences to their families. He also wished the injured a speedy recovery”. Sun News Bandits have killed four people in Chikun Local Government Area and two others and in various attacks in Giwa Local Government Area of Kaduna state. A statement signed by Kaduna state Commissioner for Internal Security and Home Affairs, Mr Samuel Aruwan on Saturday said that eight other persons were injured… In "News" …Kaduna, Zamfara, Borno deadliest states…North-West deadliest zone AS flames of violence and other forms of lives guzzling insecurity flicker in many parts of the country, Nigeria has literally become a killing field. In the first six weeks of 2021, lives of no fewer than 1,525 persons have been wasted across… In "Top Stories" Rampaging armed bandits on Tuesday attacked communities, killing 18 persons across two local government areas of Igabi and Chikun Council Areas of Kaduna State. Nine were killed in Igabi and another in Chikun local government areas, respectively. Dozens of bandits were, however, believed to have been neutralised in in the… In "News"