Soldiers of an unidentified battalion in Operation Lafiya Dole have protested their posting to a location in the Theatre of Operation. The aggrieved soldiers, according to sources at the Maimalari barracks besieged the headquarters of the Theatre Command in Borno State, shooting sporadically into the air on Thursday night following their deployment. They cited non-payment of allowances and poor equipment as reasons for their rebellion. Some of the soldiers who spoke under anonymity recall how a whole unit that went for reinforcement when Marte was captured last month, perished under superior firepower of the enemy forces. The Media Coordinator for Operation Lafiya Dole, Colonel Ado Isa, confirmed this to Channels Television via a text message on Friday. While blaming the protest on the soldiers’ minor admin/welfare, he said the issues were promptly addressed. This protest is coming on the heels of arms procurements mystery recently exposed by the National Security Adviser, Babagana Monguno, where both the outgoing and incoming service chiefs said they are in the dark on the whereabouts of the funds or equipment. No less than ₦1 billion was released for the procurement according to Monguno, a retired Major General. But the Director Army Public Relations Brigadier General Mohammed Yerima was yet to respond to a WhatsApp message sent seeking an explanation. (Channels TV) The House of Representatives has resolved to investigate the alleged mass exodus of soldiers from the Nigerian Army, warning that it will worsen the security crises across the country. At the plenary on Tuesday, the House unanimously adopted a motion moved by the Chief Whip, Mohammed Monguno, and co-sponsored by… In "News" Soldiers of the Special Strike Forces deployed in Operation Lafiya Dole have protested against their posting to Marte, a Local Government Area (LGA) in Northern Borno State. The soldiers reacted to the news of the latest posting on Sunday evening by firing gunshots in the air at the Maiduguri International… In "Local News" Nnamdi Kanu, the leader of the Indigenous Peoples of Biafra and founder of the Eastern Security Network, has advised the 101 soldiers accused by the Nigerian Army of fleeing the Boko Haram attacks in New Marte and Dikwa towns in Borno State to join the ESN. Kanu added that soldiers… In "News"