Labour and Employment Minister Chris Ngige has said with less resources compared to former President Goodluck Jonathan’s administration, President Muhammadu Buhari has built more infrastructure.  The minister said the well-considered development agenda of the Buhari administration, which prioritises infrastructure, had put up development in every part of the country than any previous government. Ngige spoke on Tuesday in Port Harcourt, the Rivers State capital, on behalf of the people of the Southeast, at the groundbreaking ceremony for the Eastern Narrow Gauge Railway Project, Bonny Deep Seaport and Railway Industrial Park. In a statement in Abuja by his media office, the minister hailed President Buhari for prioritising infrastructural development, even with the prevailing lean national resources. The statement reads: “This government is battling lean budget as a consequence of reasons we all are familiar with, prime among which is dwindling national resources, yet President Buhari is giving Nigerians more critical infrastructure than the previous governments that enjoyed abundance.” The minister expressed gratitude to the President for building critical infrastructure in the Southeast. “We thank President Buhari, who even, with the lean resources of the country today, far less than what was available to the last government, decided that infrastructure, especially ports, roads, railway and power, will be cardinal.”  Source By Rotimi Ijikanmi   Abuja -  The Federal Government says though it is the constitutional right of the former President Olusegun Obasanjo to support a candidate for an election, his endorsement, however, does not guarantee victory. The Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, who spoke on behalf of… In "Politics" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - As part of cost-cutting and efficiency drive in the utilisation of public funds the Federal Government has banned the procurement and distribution of conference bags, T-shirts and other souvenirs at conferences, workshops and seminars funded by Federal Ministries, Departments and Agencies (MDAs). According to a statement… In "Top Stories" By Ismaila Chafe   Abuja -   President Muhammadu Buhari will on Friday depart for Beijing, China, to participate in the 7th Summit of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation (FOCAC) scheduled to hold between Sept. 3  and 4. Malam Garba Shehu, the Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, made… In "Top Stories"