Parents of the 39 students kidnaped at the Federal College of Forestry Mechanisation, Afaka, Igabi Local Government Area, Kaduna, have handed the Federal Government a 48 hours ultimatum to rescue their sons and daughters that were abducted 12 days ago. They gave the ultimatum at a press briefing they organised at the premises of the school today, Monday, March 22, 2021. The parents and students decried what they described as the failure and negligence of government. In his address, the Chairman, Kambai Sam, and Secretary, Comrade Friday Sanni, on behalf of the parents of the kidnapped students, said: “It is now 12 dark dreary days since the unfortunate incident happened and we as parents have not received any positive message from either the school management, the Minister of Environment under whose ministry the school is or the Kaduna State Government under whose territorial jurisdiction the school is located. “This silence is unacceptable as it only feeds our hopelessness with each passing day. “We have therefore called for this press conference to call the attention of Government at State and Federal levels and all stakeholders involved, and indeed the world, to act with dispatch to ensure the immediate and safe release of our children. “We have seen this kind of ugly event happen in Katsina, Zamfara and Niger states and swiftly the governments acted and ensured the safe and timely rescue of the victims, so why is the case of the Afaka 39 different? Why should our innocent children pay for the failure of government to provide security of life and property? Or is it now a crime to seek education in schools? Let us not forget that the students were taken in bad shape – some were barely covering themselves, especially the ladies. This is a dangerous thing and should have made the government to act faster. “We do not think enough is being done. Indeed, the failure, negligence or refusal of the government to keep us in the loop as regards the measures they are taking as well as subsequent kidnap of students in Kaduna State has heightened our anxiety on the safety of our children. “We are by this press conference demanding that the Government rescues our children by all means and within 48 hours so that the process of their rehabilitation can commence because the longer they stay in captivity the worse off. “We also call on the Human Rights Organizations, NGOs, NBA, ASUU, the United Nations, and all well-meaning Nigerians and citizens of the world, to rise together with us and prevail on the authorities to ensure the speedy rescue of the Afaka 39. Unless that is done, we will continue to hold the feet of the authorities to the fire until our children return safely.” News Express Parents of the 39 students kidnapped at the Federal College of Forestry Mechanisation, Afaka, Igabi Local Government Area of Kaduna State, have given the Federal Government a 48-hour ultimatum, to rescue their sons and daughters that were kidnapped 12 days ago. They gave the ultimatum at a press briefing shortly… In "Features" John Shiklam in Kaduna, Ibrahim Shuaibu in Kano, Francis Sardauna in Katsina, and Laleye Dipo in Minna No fewer than 618 schools have remained closed in six northern states over the fear of attack and abduction of pupils and members of staff, according to a tally by THISDAY. Also, barely… In "News" Troops of the Nigerian Air Force and the Nigerian Army have foiled a fresh attack by bandits on another secondary school, as well as a senior staff quarters around Kaduna International Airport. A statement on Sunday by Samuel Aruwan, Kaduna State Commissioner of Internal Security and Home Affairs, said that… In "News"