•The late Justice Sylvester Ngwuta ABUJA – Justice Sylvester Nwali Ngwuta of the Supreme Court has been reported dead, TheNewsGuru reports. Justice Ngwuta died on Sunday morning (today). A source close to the family disclosed that he died in his sleep at his residence in Abuja, the federal capital territory (FCT). Justice Ngwuta was getting set for his retirement from the Supreme Court on 30th March 2021 upon attainment of 70 years mandatory retirement age. The late Justice Ngwuta was a member of the seven-man Supreme Court panel that on 14 January 2020 gave a  controversial judgement in favour of APC’s Hope Uzodinma as duly elected Governor of Imo State against Hon Emeka Ihedioha, the PDP candidate, who was declared winner by INEC in the 9 March 2019 governorship election.Hope Uzodinma had come fourth in the 2019 election and never met the constitutional requirement of scoring at least 25 percent in two-thirds of the local government areas of Imo State. Other members of the Supreme Court panel headed by Chief Justice of the Federation, Tanko Muhammad, were Kayode Ariwoola, Kudirat Kekere-Ekun, Amina Augie, Adamu Galinje and Uwani Aba-Aji. •Supreme Court Chambers ABUJA - Tension is high in Bauchi, Sokoto and Imo states ahead of today’s resumption of hearing of appeals challenging elections of seven governors at the Supreme Court. The seven outstanding governorship appeals before the apex court include the elections of governors Umar Ganduje (Kano); Waziri Tambuwal… In "Politics" •US President Trump The tussle for the Imo State Government House has taken a new turn, with Imo State indigenes abroad under the aegis of Imo Diaspora Coalition for Justice and Democracy petitioning United States President Donald Trump and Speaker Nancy Pelosi over last week’s controversial judgement by the Nigerian… In "Top Stories" On Monday, the Supreme Court again adjourned till Tuesday to hear application seeking the review of its judgment which upturned the outcome of the last governorship election in Imo State. Recall that the Peoples Democratic Party’s Emeka Ihedioha had filed an application on February 5, 2020, seeking the review of… In "Politics"