A former Chief of Army Staff, Lt.- Gen. Oyeabo Ihejirika has formally joined the All Progressives Congress (APC). This is according to a statement by Alhaji Mamman Mohammed, Director of Press and Media to Gov. Mai Mala Buni, Chairman APC Caretaker and Extra-ordinary Convention Planning Comnittee (CECPC) on Friday in Abuja. Mohammed said that Buni, who is also the governor of Yobe, formally received the former Chief of Army Staff into the APC. “Gen. Ihejirika was formally presented to the chairman by Jigawa governor and Chairman APC Strategy and Contact Committee, Alhaji Abubakar Badaru, and Farouk Aliyu,” he said. He quoted Buni as saying that “the coming of Gen. Ihejirika into the APC will increase the fortunes of the party in Abia and the South-East generally. “This is a great moment for the party as Gen. Ihejirika and other sons and daughters of the region are coming into the party to deliver the region and bring the South-East closer to the centre.” He added that the party looked forward to more of APC presence in the South-East. (NAN) The Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Wing on Sunday threatened to label the All Progressives Congress an ‘anti-Igbo political party’ if it fails to apologise to a former Chief of Army Staff, Gen. Azubuike Ihejirika, within 48 hours. The threat, which the Ohanaeze Youth Wing issued in a statement jointly signed by… In "News" Former Chief of Army Staff Lieutenant-General Azubuike Ihejirika on Tuesday formally joined the All Progressives Congress (APC). Ihejirika, who was the Chief of Army Staff between 2010 – 2014 under former President Goodluck Jonathan, made his declaration to join the APC at Isuikwuato country home in Abia-North Senatorial District. His… In "Politics" The Abia State chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has said the alleged link between former Army Chief, Gen. Azubike Ihejirika and the Boko Haram sect is laughable, adding that the former army chief is too good to be a sponsor. The party said the former Chief of Army… In "News"