Suspected cult group armed with machetes and guns invaded Atelewo area, Kolawole street in Osogbo.  The group, according to a source, around 9 am, in their numbers, attacked some residents and destroyed people’s properties. An eyewitness told DAILY POST that the suspected cultists came to the area searching for someone called Brown. “They were looking for a guy. They were shouting ‘Brown’s’ name who is a cult member.” One of the victims narrated that the miscreants beat him with machete and also carted away N30,000 after destroying the victim’s property. A cult violence also erupted on Saturday morning, claiming the lives of two people. A 35-year-old man, Akinwale Rotimi, on Saturday, was shot dead at the Kolawole, Arikalamu area of Osogbo. Consequently, Sogo Owonikoko, 44, also known as Marley and who is suspected to be a member of the Eiye confraternity was hacked down at Alie street, Obate area of Osogbo. According to the information gathered, the cult clash between the Eiye and Aiye confraternity started about a month ago and has claimed many lives.  Source Two persons were feared killed during clashes between suspected cultists at Coker-Aguda Local Council Development Area (LCDA) of Lagos. But the police said one person died in the fracas. The Nation learnt that one of the deceased was lured out on Saturday night from his Aguda residence before he was… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Police in Anambra have nabbed over eight suspected cultists and also foiled cult initiations at Abagana forest and recovered arms and ammunition and other incriminating items as operatives raided various hideouts and blackspots where cultists are suspected to be hibernating in various locations… In "Top Stories" Eket -  The Divisional Police Officer in Eket, CSP. Abdulkadir Jamal, on Friday confirmed that four people died in a cult clash in Eket, near Uyo in Akwa Ibom. Jamal told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Eket that police were investigating the cause of the clash. U.S. oil… In "Metro"