Founder of Stanbic IBTC and Anap Foundation, Atedo Peterside, has kicked against plans by the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) to spend $1.5bn on repair of Port Harcourt refinery.  He said the refinery in Rivers state generated no revenue in 2019 but incurred processing and administrative costs of N47 billion during the same period. In a tweet on Sunday, he accused NNPC of attempting to plunge Nigeria into a financial mess with the proposed repair. According to him, it is advisable the refinery is sold to qualified investors. He tweeted: “In 2019, PH Refinery contributed zero revenue, but incurred costs of N47bn; almost N4bn a month! “Instead of ending this nightmare through a #BPE core investor sale, NNPC wants to enmesh Nigeria into a deeper financial mess by throwing $1.5bn (incl. debt) at a problem it created?” On March 17, the Federal Executive Council (FEC) approved $1.5bn for rehabilitation of the refinery. Minister of State for Petroleum, Timipre Sylva, said the rehabilitation will be done in three phases of 18, 24 and 44 months. He added that the contract will be awarded to Tecnimont SPA, an Italian company.   Source By Chika Izuora and Festus Okoromadu ABUJA - The Port Harcourt Refinery is one of the assets listed for sale by the cash-strapped Federal Government.In a dramatic turn of events, however, the government on Wednesday announced that it plans to spend $1.5billion to repair the refinery.Where is the money coming… In "Top Stories" The Federal Executive Council (FEC) has approved the sum of $1.5 billion for the rehabilitation of the largest refining company in the country, the Port Harcourt Refinery. The Minister of State for Petroleum Resources, Chief Timipre Sylva, disclosed this to State House Correspondents after the weekly virtual FEC meeting, presided… In "News" The government-owned refineries, being run by the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, reported a total loss of N778.71bn from 2015 to 2019, an analysis of data collated from their financial statements has shown. The refineries generated total revenue of N21.12bn in the five-year period as they operated at below their full… In "News"