The Federal Government has announced a complete ban on mining activities in Zamfara, declaring the state as “no fly zone’’.  The National Security Adviser (NSO), retired Maj. -Gen. Babagana Monguno, made this known when he briefed State House correspondents at the end of the meeting of the National Security Council. The meeting was presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari at the Council Chamber of the State House, Abuja, on Tuesday. “The President has approved, based on our recommendations, the imposition and enforcement of a ban on all mining activities in Zamfara with immediate effect until further notice. “He has directed the Minister of Defence and the National Security Adviser to deploy massive military and intelligence assets to restore normalcy to that part of the country. “He has also approved that Zamfara State should be declared “a no fly zone’’ with immediate effect. According to the NSO, the president also directed security officials to apprehend all those causing problems for innocent citizens not only in Zamfara but across the country. He said already some of the trouble-makers had been placed under surveillance by the intelligence agencies.  (NAN) More than 30 illegal miners, including 11 Chinese, who had been involved in illegal gold mining in Zamfara State, have been deported from Nigeria. The governor of Zamfara State, Alhaji Bello Matawalle, who disclosed this to State House Correspondents after a meeting with President Muhammadu Buhari in Aso Rock Presidential… In "News" By Ishaq Zaki Anka (Zamfara) - The Emir of Anka and Chairman, Council of Chiefs in Zamfara, Alhaji Attahiru Ahmad, has advised the Federal Government to reconsider its decision to ban illegal mining in the north-western state. The monarch gave the advice on Tuesday while receiving the Commandant of the… In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - Senate President, Dr. Abubakar Bukola Saraki has described  the death of former Director-General of the defunct Nigerian Security Organisation (NSO), Alhaji Umaru Ali Shinkafi as unfortunate, saying that his death came at a time when Shinkafi's experience was needed most. Saraki in a statement issued by… In "News"