Scores of homosexuals have been apprehended by officials of the police in Dunukofia Local Government Area of Anambra State on Sunday, March 7 during a party in a hotel.  It was gathered that, following a tip-off, the police raided a hotel in the area where the homosexuals where celebrating a party. A police source said, “The officers arrested an undisclosed number of them, mostly men of different age brackets.” An indigene of the community who coroborated the police source said, “The homosexuals were holding a party at the facility when trouble ensued, leading to invitation of policemen from Ukpo Police Division. “The suspects attempted fleeing from all directions in the hotel when policemen arrived, leading to destruction of ceilings and other items in the facility. “The suspects were taken to the Police Anti-cult Office in Ukpo for investigations. The state Police Public Relations Officer, Haruna Mohammed, said the report of the incident had not been brought to his knowledge.  Source Weeks after many police stations were destroyed, the Inspector-General of Police Committee on EndSARS Protest Damage Assessment has said that many police officers in Lagos State are still missing and unaccounted for. The committee, which was in Lagos to assess the extent of damage to police assets on Saturday, disclosed… In "News" ABAGANA, Anambra (Sun­diata Post) - The lin­gering feud between Abagana­ and ­Ukpo­ communities of ­Anambra­ State heightened on ­Wednesday over allega­tions by ­Abagana­ community ­that the state Commis­sioner of Police, Mr.­ Samuel Okaula­, has been compromise­d by billionaire businessm­an, Prince Arthur Eze, ­who hails from ­Ukpo­. ­ In a strongly-worded… In "News" Enugu - The Police in Enugu state have arrested five suspected members of an armed robbery/car snatching gang, including a panel beater. According to the police, the gang specialised in lodging in hotels to monitor their targeted victims. A statement by the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Mr Ebere Amaraizu on Monday… In "News"