Some lawyers under the aegis of Anambra State Indigenes Lawyers Forum (ASILF) have expressed concern over the level of insecurity that has pervaded Anambra State in particular and the South-East geo-political zone in general.  Speaking recently at a press conference in Lagos, they said that as Chief Security Officers of their various states, the governors must not leave any stone unturned to ensure that the insecurity in their various states is nipped in the bud before it becomes too late. According to the president of the organisation, Joe Nwokedi, the governors should beef of intelligence to find out those who are killing security operatives. Nwokedi said that Igbos respect human lives a lot, adding that there is no justification whatsoever in killing security operatives. He appealed to Anambra State governor in particular and the other governors to work with local vigilantes to ensure that the culprits are fished out and the insecurity stopped He said that since no group has come forward to claim responsibility, it is probably not an organised crime. In her contribution, the Vice President of the organisation, Chioma Ferguson, said that it is high time the Federal Government declared national security emergency to arrest the situation in the country. She said that Anambra State, which is noted for its peacefulness, is fast becoming a theatre of war. According to her, Governor Willie Obiano should do everything in his power to secure the lives and properties of everybody living in the state. Also contributing, the group’s Public Relations Officer, Anene Nwadukwe, said that Anambra State government in particular and the other South East governors should liase with all people-friendly security agencies in the geo-political zone to flush out those who have invaded the South East to cause mayhem. According to him, there is every possibility that it is foreigners that are killing the security operatives just to give Igbos a bad name. He hinged his reason on the fact that Igbos are too focused in their businesses to be engaged in such dastardly acts.  Source Anambra State lawyers Monday took to the streets, protesting rising cases of insecurity and the kidnap, killing of one of their members last week in the State. The Legal practitioners numbering over 300, told the governor of the State, Chief Willie Obiano, to immediately address worsening security situation In their… In "News" By Emmanuel Acha Enugu - Governors of the South East region have appealed for audience with President Muhammadu Buhari and security chiefs in the country over insecurity in the region.The Chairman, South East Governors Forum, Gov. Dave Umahi of Ebonyi, disclosed this on Saturday while briefing newsmen after the forum’s… In "News" Professor ABC Nwosu was a political adviser to former President Olusegun Obasanjo and later appointed Minister of Health. He hails from Anambra State and also a member of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). In this exclusive interview, he spoke on why Igbo leaders were yet to take a position on… In "Top Stories"