Bashir Magashi, the Minister of Defence has stated that Nigeria is in a critical situation following the high spate of insecurity.  Speaking at a security summit held at the National Defence College in Abuja on Monday March 21, the Minister stated that the fight against insecurity can be won when security agencies collaborate. Magashi said; “We are in a critical situation that requires the understanding, buy-in, support and collaboration of important stakeholders and key players in this strategic national task. “This is important to minimise distractions and maximise civil support in order to facilitate operational success and mission outcomes.” On the federal government’s effort to combat insecurity, the Minister disclosed that they have adopted a “multi-dimensional effort”. He said; “This summit is coming at a sobering time in the life of our dear nation — a time when merchants of violence are threatening to tear the very foundations of our nation; a time when diverse manifestations of security threats dot the landscape and impact individuals, communities and almost all sub-national entities in disconcerting ways; a time when fear and uncertainty pervades the land; a time when global indicators of national insecurity give room for serious concern.”  Source The Minister of Defence, Major General Salihi Magashi, has raised the alarm that Nigeria was in a critical situation following resurgence and incessant attacks by terrorists, bandits and other criminal groups across the nation. He has therefore called for the support and collaboration of the public as well as critical… In "News" · Defence Minister, Amaechi, CNS inspect Deep Blue Project facilities · Buhari fulfilling long national dream – transport minister · It’s a new dawn for maritime – Jamoh As Nigeria gets set to deploy maritime security assets acquired under the Integrated National Security and Waterways Protection Infrastructure, members of the… In "NIMASA & Maritime" The federal government has disclosed that barring any unforeseen circumstance, the $195 million Integrated National Security and Waterways Protection Infrastructure, also called the Deep Blue Project, which has suffered many delays will commence in the first quarter of next year. The Minister of Transportation, Rotimi Ameachi announced this during an… In "NIMASA & Maritime"