Nigerian pastor, Laurie Idahosa has sent an apology to veteran actor, Pete Edochie after saying that his mother was a rape victim.  She had also said that Edochie’s mother was a victim of child bride following his statement about his mum marrying his 40-year-old dad at the age of 15. Mrs Idahosa had reacted to the recent interview granted by Pete Edochie where he disclosed that his dad who was 40 years old, married his mum when she was 15 years and that she was shy all through their marriage. Pete in the interview said ”“My mother was not educated. She was not in love with my father. My father was almost 40 when his uncle told him it was time he got married. He told them to get a wife for him. My uncle went out to a neighboring village and told them the teacher wanted to get married. The women came out. He looked around and picked one and that was it. He brought this 15-year-old who didn’t have the courage to look at my father. She gave him ten children and was still shy. Seven boys and three girls” he said Ms Idahosa was appalled by his comment and left her remarks on LIB’s Instagram page. She wrote; ” How can he laugh about her being “shy?” Oga, she was not shy. She was a victim of rape and was a child bride. She wasn’t respectful of his age, she was afraid for her life. Know the difference and adjust this story… start telling the truth!” However the Clergywoman has now apologised for her comment stating that it was misinterpreted. Watch a video of her apology below: A post shared by Laurie Idahosa (@idahosalaurie) Source Yul Edochie, the son of the legendary Nollywood veteran, Pete Edochie has told an interesting story about how his father reacted when he tried to drop out of school. Yul, who made the revelation on his Twitter page, explained that he was in JJS2 when it happened. According to him,… In "Entertainment" In honour of the 70th birthday anniversary of the Nigerian film icon, Pete Edochie, we take a look at his landmark achievements, recognitions and why he is regarded as one of Africa’s greatest actors. An actor’s actor, Pete Edochie shot into prominence in 1987 when he played the lead role… In "News" Nollywood actor, Yul Edochie, has reacted to his father, Pete Edochie’s recent statement about men kneeling to propose to their women. Pete was spotted in a controversial video, criticizing men who get on their knees to propose to their partners. According to the actor, the act is not part of… In "Entertainment"