Operatives of the Ondo State Security Network codenamed Amotekun Corps on Wednesday arrested an 80-year-old herder, Mr. Dauji Ibrahim, for destroying farmland at Ero village in Ifedore Local Government. Ibrahim was going to Kogi State from Osun State when he and others stopped to rest at a farm in Ero. The cows were said to have destroyed the farm in the area which prompted the farm owner to call Amotekun Corps operatives. Ibrahim told journalists that he hails from Plateau State but lives in Kogi State. He said he always migrate from Kogi to Osun State during the dry season and when the rains start, he would go back home. His words, “My boy and I tried to take some rest at the early hours of the day while on our way from Osun State. ”But a lady came out and was really nagging at us. So, the cows got out of the compound and moved to the express road. ”Before I knew what was happening, we saw the vehicle of the Security Agency arrived. ” My boy, who is younger and smarter, took to his heels. But there was nothing a man of my age could do. I tried to hide somewhere, but I was later caught and brought to the headquarter.” Owner of the farm, Mrs. Aishat Ali, said the herders always bring their cows to destroy farmlands in the community. The Nation The Ondo State Security Network also known as the Amotekun Corps on Thursday confirmed that some herdsmen have started leaving the state’s forest reserves for other neighbouring states. It said those that agreed to leave could not cope with the terms and conditions of the state government. The Amotekun Corps… In "News" Some suspected killers of the traditional ruler of Ifon in Ose local government, Oba Israel Adeusi, the Olufon of Ifon, have been arrested. Identity of the suspects was yet to be made public because of the ongoing investigation into the killing. They were arrested by a combine team of security… In "News" According to a report by The Nation, some of the suspected killers of Oba Israel Adeusi, the Olufon of Ifon who was the traditional ruler of Ifon in Ose local government, have been arrested. Identity of the suspects was yet to be made public because of the ongoing investigation into… In "News"