The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board has warned financial institutions not to sell the 2021 unified tertiary matriculation examination (UTME) forms (ePin) above the N3, 500 fee to candidates. Candidates are expected to pay financial institutions N3, 500 for ePin and N500 for the books they will use for the examination, totaling N4,000. The board also asked the institutions to ensure that all ePins are transferred electronically to the candidates to avoid hardship on them. The board said it will not accept handwritten ePins from any financial institutions in order to avoid mistakes during the process of writing it. Banks are expected to get 30, 000 ePins from the board while microfinance banks and other payment platforms will receive 10, 000 ePins through the board. Registrar of JAMB, Prof Is-haq Oloyede, said this during a meeting with representatives of financial institutions ahead of the sales of ePins which will start next month. Oloyede warned that any financial institution caught selling the ePin above the stipulated price will be de-listed and prosecuted. The Nation The Joint Admission and Matriculation Board (JAMB) has published the Registration Steps and Guidelines for the forth coming UTME. Please note that 2018 UTME Registration has NOT commenced. It is expected to commence November 22nd, 2017. However, you are to get your self acquainted with the these guidelines before registration… In "Education" The Joint Admission Matriculation Board (JAMB) has published new requirements for all accredited CBT Owners as well as the Registration and Examination guidelines for the forthcoming UTME. The new guidelines and directions outlines what; CBT Centers owners should do When to do it How to do it Where to do… In "Education" Here is how to pay for JAMB Direct Entry form (ePins) via Interswitch for 2017/2018 admission exercise. The oint Admission and Matriculation Board (JAMB) has licensed Interswitch Limited to provide ePINs for this year’s Direct Entry (DE) candidates. The 2017/2018 JAMB Direct Entry prospective candidates should note that ePINs are… In "Education"