Pensioners in the country have threatened to embark on a nationwide protest over non – implementation of the consequential adjustment of pensions as a result of the N30, 000 national minimum wage for workers. The Senior Citizens gave the Federal Government a 21-day ultimatum to sign the submitted pension adjustment for immediate implementation or face mass protest nationwide. According to Sections 173(3) and 210 (3) of the 1999 Constitution, pension should be reviewed every five years or together with the salary reviews of workers, whichever comes first. President Muhammadu Buhari approved a new national minimum wage of N30, 000 for workers in April, 2019. The government concluded negotiations on the consequential adjustments in September that same year and paid all the arrears before December, 2019. But President of the Nigeria Union of Pensioners (NUP), Abel Afolayan said it is disheartening that after two years of implementing the N30, 000 national minimum wage, the union is still waiting for the approval of their own consequential adjustment of monthly pensions, in compliance with the above constitutional stipulation, even after several efforts by the national leadership of the union. The NUP President said the Federal Government was yet to release the circular on pension increase which will lead to the implementation of pension increase. The Nation Taiye Elebiyo-Edeni/Joan Nwagwu Abuja - The Organised Labour has called on the Federal Government to quickly finalise the salary adjustment and implementation of the new National Minimum Wage for workers in the country. Mr Ayuba Wabba, President, Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), said this at 2019 May Celebration on Wednesday in… In "News" The organised labour in Ekiti State has announced the commencement of a three-day warning strike on Monday, August 3 to protest the failure of the state government to pay its members’ entitlements. The strike, according to the Nigerian Labour Congress(NLC), Trade Union Congress(TUC) and Joint Negotiating Council (JNC) was to… In "News" By Francis Onyeukwu Awka - Anambra Governor, Chief Willie Obiano says the state will implement newly approved N30, 000 national minimum wage as soon as National Salaries, Income and Wages Commission releases table for payment. Obiano made the promise in an address to mark the 2019 Workers’ Day Celebration at… In "News"