The Senate Chief Whip Orji Uzor Kalu has stated that God has a reason for sending him to prison.  According to him, he is not ashamed of his six-month prison sentence.  The senator was reacting to remarks attributed to Abia Governor Okezie Ikpeazu and Senate Minority Leader Enyinnaya Abaribe. They claimed Kalu had not recovered from his time in prison after he claimed roads in Abia were either financed by the federal government or the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC). But the former Abia governor said God allowed him to be imprisoned because “it is part of my life script”. “This is 10pm and I am here with you, can the Governor or Abaribe come here? That is why in leadership, you have to be with the people you are leading,” Kalu said at the event held Monday night. “But they don’t understand this simple technique, all the projects they claim to be doing are all on radio, nothing on the ground. Joseph went to prison, even Obasanjo went to prison. “My going to prison is part of my life script and I am thankful God allowed it.” Kalu and Ude Jones Udeogu, a former director of finance and accounts in Abia, were charged with alleged N7.1 billion fraud by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC). In December 2019, the former governor was sentenced to 12 years in prison, while Udeogu was given a 10-year sentence.  Source Chief Whip of the Senate and former Governor of Abia State, Senator Orji Uzor Kalu, has taken the Senator representing Abia South Senatorial zone, Enyinnaya Abaribe, to the cleaners. Abaribe was Kalu’s deputy during his first term as Abia governor. The deputy governor was later impeached. Kalu, on Monday, also… In "Politics" •Senator Orji Uzor Kalu Dee Kalu, There is nothing Igbos hate as when they find out that one of their own is playing a saboteur. And once they brand you a sell-out, it is very difficult for them to forget or forgive you. When you are on the side of… In "Opinion" Like its counterpart in the senate, the house of representatives leadership has paid a solidarity visit to Orji Uzor Kalu, senate chief whip, who was recently convicted of fraud. The principal officers of the house, who were led by Idris Wase, the deputy speaker, told Kalu at his Abuja residence… In "News"