Professor Dibu Ojerinde has been arrested for allegedly misappropriating N900 million.  The former Registrar of the Joint Admission and Matriculation Board (JAMB) was arrested on 15th March 2021, in Abuja, by operatives of Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Commission (ICPC). He is alleged to have committed multiple frauds while heading JAMB and the National Examination Council (NECO). A statement released by the commission says Ojerinde has been detained by the Commission for questioning over allegations of multiple identities, abuse of office, money laundering, tax evasion, and making false statements to public officials. The former JAMB boss is also being questioned by the Commission for allegedly awarding fraudulent contracts to shell companies that cannot be traced. ”He was alleged to have awarded contracts for the supply of pencil and eraser at the cost of N450 million each, to Double 07 Concept Limited and Pristine Global Concept Limited, respectively, between 2013 and 2014 while heading JAMB. There is no evidence to show that the items which are examination materials were supplied as the contractors cannot be found. Similar contracts were allegedly awarded to Solid Figures Limited, Holywalk Limited and other companies for various sums without any trace of executions. Professor Ojerinde is being held on a remand warrant and will soon be charged to court upon the conclusion of investigation.” the statement in part read.  Source  Abuja - Prof. Is-haq Oloyede, the new Registrar of Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB), has commended the outgoing Registrar, Prof. Dibu Ojerinde, for adopting the Computer Based Test (CBT) mode in JAMB's examination. Oloyede gave the commendation shortly after receiving handover notes from Ojerinde on Monday in Abuja. The… In "News" By Best Orinya The craze for higher education in Nigeria is almost assuming the character and temperament of the accustomed weird politicking in the country. Yearly, eligible Nigerians in millions across the country desperately enroll for the Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME) conducted by the Joint Admissions Matriculation Board (JAMB)… In "Opinion" Abuja -  The Registrar, Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB), Prof. Ishaq Oloyede, says about N7.8 billion was remitted to the Federal Government as revenue by the board in 2017. Speaking at the JAMB office in Bwari, FCT, he said government never expected such huge remittance because the revenue target… In "Education"