African Export-Import Bank (Afreximbank) has signed a seven-year $350 million Term Loan Facility to provide financing to OCP Group, the world’s largest phosphate mining and leading fertiliser company. The facility will support OCP Group’s expansion plans across Africa.  President of Afreximbank, Prof. Benedict Oramah said through this partnership with a major player in the fertiliser industry and with a strong presence across Africa, the bank was fulfilling its mandate of facilitating export development in the continent and promoting intra-African trade and investments. “This is an important transaction which supports the development of Africa’s agricultural capacity. OCP Group’s products, which are tailored to the needs of African farmers, will generate broad and deep improvements to the continent’s ability to compete in international agricultural markets. “This facility also has symbolic value, as it marks the beginning of a productive and close relationship between Afreximbank and OCP Group. We are delighted to announce this facility, as the first demonstration of the strong relationship the Bank enjoys with Morocco,” Oramah said.  Source Lagos   -  The African Export-Import Bank (Afreximbank) on Wednesday pledged to commit 400 million dollars to finance and promote trade between African countries and Belarus. A statement by Afreximbank quoted its President, Dr Benedict Oramah, as announcing the pledge when he met with Belarus officials and bankers in the… In "Business" By Jacinta Nwachukwu Abuja - The African Export-Import Bank (Afreximbank), says it has approved a 400-million dollars revolving global credit facility agreement for the Export Trading Group (ETG). The Group is one of the largest and fastest-growing integrated agricultural conglomerates in Africa. Mr Kanayo Awani, the Managing Director of Afreximbank’s… In "News" LAGOS - The African Export-Import Bank (Afreximbank) has secured 25 million Euro dual tranche credit facility from a Dakar-based leasing company, Locafrique Senegal, to further support the Senegalese agricultural sector. This is contained in a statement made available to journalists by Afreximbank on Tuesday in Lagos. It said that Afreximbank… In "Business"