Former Kano State Governor Sen. Rabiu Musa Kwankwaso has appealed to the Hausa and Yoruba communities in Shasha, Ibadan to allow restoration of the brotherliness that once existed between them. He made the appeal during his visit to the community in Ibadan, the Oyo State capital Friday evening. Speaking during Kwankwaso’s visit to the Baale of Shasha, Amusa Ajani, the member representing Akinyele Constituency in the Oyo State House of Assembly, Hon. Kehinde Olatunde revealed that the crisis was about the refusal of the Hausa community to allow a Yoruba person to emerge as the new chairman of the market. He said the Hausa community has produced the chairman since the establishment of the market in 1979, adding that the Yoruba traders insisted that a Yoruba person must be allowed to lead the market this time. Olatunde said the crisis was solely about the leadership of the market which brought ethnic colouration after it started. He explained that all the traders had related in love, adding that the situation has not changed. Olatunde told Kwakwanso at the meeting: “We welcome your efforts to broker peace at Shasha. Since 1979 when the Shasha market was established, we have never had any crisis. It was all due to leadership tussle at the market. “Since 1979, Hausa have always produced the chairman of the market but the Yoruba traders said it must be one of them this time. What has happened is a regrettable incident. We want you to use your good offices to bring total reconciliation.” In his own remark, Baale of Shasha, Chief Amusa Ajani, corroborated Olatunde, saying Hausa and Yoruba communities have lived together in peace for decades. He recalled that though Yoruba inhabited the original village in Shasha, Hausa traders joined them 16 years later and that they have been coexisting without any crisis. He said trouble makers were behind the crisis that engulfed the market last month. Amusa appealed to all traders to return while the government fulfills its promise to rebuild the market. He, however, objected to preferential treatment for Hausa traders, saying it will be unfair to pamper them to the detriment of Yoruba traders after they have allegedly set their stalls ablaze. “Don’t resettle them and abandon us. That will be unfair. Let them return to the market and let the government fulfill its promise so that the Shasha market will come alive again for all traders.” He urged Kwankwanso to remind the Federal Government of its promise to help. Responding, Kwankwanso appealed to both parties to give peace a chance, stressing the need for total peace in the country. “What I saw (burnt shops) is not good for anybody. Let everyone doing legitimate business ensure peace reigns. I appeal to all concerned to rebuild Shahsa market.” he said. At the Sarkin Shasha’s house, Kwankwanso also appealed to the Arewa community to continue to live in peace with other members of the community. The market was embroiled in violent crisis last month with several shops and buildings set ablaze by angry youths. The Nation Akinade Ajani, Baale of Shasha community in the Akinyele Local Government Area of Ibadan, the Oyo State capital, has fingered eight persons as mischief-makers in the community. The traditional ruler, who spoke with The PUNCH on Tuesday, said peace and calm have started returning to the once crisis-ridden community. The… In "News" Ekiti State Governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi, has condemned the violent clash between some Yoruba and Hausa traders in Shasha market, Ibadan Oyo State capital at the weekend. The violent clash had reportedly led to the death of some residents, destruction of properties and displacement of people in the area. Dr… In "News" Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State, on Tuesday, ordered the reopening of the Shasha market. The decision, he said, was taken in the best interest of the traders and for peace and harmony between the Yoruba and Hausa communities in Shasha. The popular market, dominated by the Yoruba and Hausa… In "News"