According to SaharaReporters, the many residents of Kubwa, Giri, Zuba and Durumi areas in the Federal Capital Territory, Abuja, are currently suffering water scarcity.  They are having trouble getting water supply and are being forced to make do with dirty water sources. SaharaReporters observed that while a few residents crowd around wells in the affected communities, many others resort to streams, leading to commotion and discomfort in the affected areas. Residents stated that Kubwa, which had been in the league of places enjoying uninterrupted water supply from the FCT Water Board, is also sharing in the scarcity due to lack of supply from the authorities. People are seen crowding around few water boreholes and wells in the areas as the result of the non-availability of water from the board. Children and women leave their houses with several buckets and containers and are observed in long queues waiting to fetch from a well or from a running borehole tap. SaharaReporters learnt that water vendors, otherwise known as Mai ruwa, are also exploiting the opportunity, with the 10 jerrican wheel truck, selling as higher as N2, 000, at some satellite areas of the town. The truck was between N300 and N400 initially. A source from the FCT water board, linked the water interruption to an emergency maintenance work, said to be ongoing at the Usuma Dam water treatment plant, which serves as the FCT’s water supply source. “This water scarcity situation is crippling and agonising. What is the FCT minister, Muhammed Bello doing about it? The government should provide palliatives like water trucks to the affected areas, pending when the maintenance would be over,” a resident lamented. “The same situation is in Giri and up to Lugbe areas. We don’t have water. People cannot live freely in their houses. The government should beware of outbreaks as a result of water scarcity and the negligence of the FCT authorities,” another resident of Giri explained.  Source By NAN ABUJA - Nigerians are facing acute shortage of potable water in spite of claims by some state governments that funds are being allocated to solve the problem. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that water is a transparent fluid which forms the world's streams, lakes, oceans and… In "News" Lagos -  The Lagos Water Corporation (LWC) will need 3.5 billion dollars to execute the Water Master Plan to construct additional large water schemes by 2020 to cover the state, The former Managing Director, Lagos State Water Corporation (LSWC), Mr Shayo Holloway, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) that… In "News" By Salisu Sani-Idris Abuja - The Federal Capital Territory Administration has banned the use of pipe borne water for car wash business, its spokesman, Mr Segun Kayode, said on Monday in Abuja. Kayode told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), that government was spending huge sums on water treatment and… In "News"