Deputy Chief of Staff to Abia Governor, Chief Agwu Ukpai, is dead Ukpai’s death was said to have shaken members of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and those within government circles. The cause of his death wasn’t made public but Commissioner for Information, Mr. John Okiyi-Kalu said Ukpai will be missed by everyone in government. Okiyi-Kalu, in a statement, said: “It is with sadness and a deep sense of loss that Abia State Government wishes to announce the death of Chief Ukpai Agwu Ukpai, PhD, Deputy Chief of Staff, Office of the Governor, who passed on in the early hours of today after a brief illness. “Abia State Governor, Dr Okezie Ikpeazu, is in deep shock as he mourns the untimely exit of Chief Ukpai who has been a long-term associate, friend and irreplaceable partner in progress. “He will be sorely missed by everyone in Government in particular and Abians in General. “Our sincere condolences go to the immediate family, people of Ohafia LGA and the good people of Abia State. “May God grant the bereaved family the fortitude to bear the loss and may the soul of Chief Ukpai rest in the bosom of the Lord.” The Nation Members of the Indigenous People of Biafra have been given the command to capture the Governor of Abia state, Okezie Ikpeazu. IPOB leader, Nnamdi Kanu gave the order stating that he wants Ikpeazu to face trial for the alleged role he played in the killing of #ENDSARS protesters in the… In "News" •Governor Ikpeazu ABUJA - Ailing Governor Okezie Ikpeazu of Abia State “is repeating the same mistake Abba Kyari made” that culminated in his losing the battle against COVID-19, a concerned prominent Nigerian with insider knowledge of the medical circumstances leading to Abba Kyari’s death, has lamented.   “I can’t believe this,”… In "News" By Ijendu Iheaka Aba (Abia) - Some Aba residents in Abia have lauded the 12-year jail term  handed down to ex-Gov. Orji Kalu of Abia, by a Federal High Court in Lagos. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Justice Mohammed Idris convicted Kalu on 39 counts of N7.2… In "News"