One of the collation officers of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the ongoing Aba North/Aba South Federal Constituency bye-election has reportedly been abducted. The victim identified as Engr. Mike Ozoemena is the collation officer of the APC in Aba North Local Government Area of Abia State. Ozomena, who was also the Campaign Officer of Mascot Uzor Kalu, the APC candidate in the constituency, was said to have been abducted by gunmen in the early hours of the day. In a telephone conversation with Daily Trust, Spokesman of the APC in Abia, said efforts made to locate Ozomena have been fruitless. “Engr. Mike Ozoemena, Director of Publicity, Mascot Uzor-Kalu Campaign and APC Collation Officer in Aba North has been whisked away by some men on white Hilux from his ward, Industrial Ward-2 Aba North to an unknown destination. “We don’t know his whereabouts. We don’t know where they took him to; we are calling for immediate rescue,” he said. When contacted, the state Police Public Relations Officer, SP Geoffrey Ogbonna, said he is not aware of the kidnap as the party is yet to make a formal complaint to the police. The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) had fixed the election for Saturday after the seat of Ossy Prestige, the lawmaker who represented the constituency, was declared vacant. Prestige, who was a member of the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA) died in a German hospital on February 6, 2021. News Express Chief Whip of the Senate and former Governor of Abia State, Senator Orji Uzor Kalu, has taken the Senator representing Abia South Senatorial zone, Enyinnaya Abaribe, to the cleaners. Abaribe was Kalu’s deputy during his first term as Abia governor. The deputy governor was later impeached. Kalu, on Monday, also… In "Politics" Representative of Abia South Senatorial District, Enyinnaya Abaribe, has berated Senate Chief Whip, Orji Uzor Kalu, over his comments that he (Kalu) picked him (Abaribe) from the gutters. He told The Guardian yesterday that he was worried that Kalu was still in the gutter. Kalu had said at Aba North… In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Some pillars in the 8th senate have been rejected by their constituencies and fallen in the fierce battle to secure a place in the 9th Senate going by results announced by the electoral umpire. Dr. Bukola Saraki lost his bid to return to… In "Top Stories"