Following the shoot-on-sight order issued by President Buhari to the military for anyone wielding AK-47 in the bushes, prolific Islamic cleric and scholar, Sheik Gumi, has disclosed that the order is hindering the efforts to dialogue and negotiate the release of the abducted students of the Federal College of Forestry Mechanization, Kaduna. The students were abducted two weeks ago by suspected bandits who invaded their school premises. The Kaduna state government has repeatedly stated that it will never negotiate with bandits and other criminals. Gumi who has interfaced with bandits in recent times, said some of the bandits he met in the forest during his peace meetings have assisted in identifying the leader of the gang responsible for the abduction of the students but that he has been unable to reach out to him because of the shoot-on-sight order of the president. “If we had encouragement, we would have met all the leaders. All those we met usually offered to support us to negotiate on our behalf, just like what happened in Niger State. Presently, our ability has reached the extent that we can identify who is involved in any criminal act. We have identified the leader of those who took the students but he has never attended any peace meeting with us. Those groups we met identified him but we could not reach out to him because of the security implication since the government gave shoot-on-sight order and then the government said no negotiation. So, I don’t want us to go into the bush and the government will think we are encouraging them.” he told DailyTrust Speaking on what needs to be done to rescue the abducted students, the cleric said; “What I think is for the government to just relax and allow us to follow these people to teach them how to behave, admonish them and then negotiate so that they stop this thing. We are doing this for ourselves not for the government or any political party. We don’t want politicians to mess up our land because they will come and go while we remain here, God willing. So we are not doing it for political reasons, we are doing it for ourselves so that we stop killing each other.”  Source •Sheikh Gumi with bandits leader Dogo Gide Hope was initially raised yesterday on freedom for the abducted 27 students and 15 others at Government Science College, Kagara, Niger State, but later dashed, with the bandits insisting on N500 million ransom before releasing the abductees and other people kidnaped in NSTA… In "Top Stories" Islamic scholar Sheikh Ahmad Gumi has said abductors of the Zamfara schoolgirls were not the bandits he recently engaged with in Zamfara forests. The Nation had reported bandits stormed Government Secondary School Jangebe in Talata Mafara Local Government Area around 1am Friday and abducted over 300 female students. Zamfara Commissioner… In "News" Popular Yoruba rights activist, Chief Sunday Adeyemo popularly known as Sunday Igboho has warned security operatives to go after killer herders and not local hunters, security guards who use single or double-barrelled guns for protection. In the now-viral video posted by Chief Femi Fani-Kayode on his official Twitter handle and… In "News"