The White House has stressed it still has a ‘strong’ relationship with Britain amid the ongoing royal scandal – but praised Meghan for speaking out. Press secretary Jen Psaki was asked if President Joe Biden had any reaction to Oprah Winfrey’s bombshell interview with Prince Harry and Meghan Markle. ‘For anyone to come forward and speak about their own struggles with mental health and tell their own personal story, that takes courage and that’s certainly something the president believes,’ she replied. Ms Psaki added it wouldn’t be appropriate to comment directly as Meghan and Harry are private citizens of America. ‘We aren’t going to provide additional commentary from here on behalf of the president or others given these are private citizens, sharing their own story and their own struggles,’ she said. ‘And let me just reiterate that we have a strong and abiding relationship with the British people and a special partnership with the government of the United Kingdom on a range of issues and that will continue.’ Ms Psaki added President Biden has ‘talked about the importance of investing in a lot of these areas that they are committed in’. It comes after the couple’s two-hour conversation with Oprah has sent shockwaves around the world following a number of bombshells revealed about the Royal Family. During their tell-all interview, Meghan revealed she had suicidal thoughts as she struggled with royal life. She also alleged an unnamed member of the royal family raised ‘concerns and conversations’ about how dark her son Archie’s skin might be before he was born. Harry talked about the rift with his brother Prince William saying the ‘relationship is space at the moment’. He added he felt let down by their father, Prince Charles and ‘there’s a lot of hurt that’s happened’. Pressure is mounting on Buckingham Palace to respond to the couple’s claims amid crisis talks. Source: metro.co.uk London - Britain’s young royals, brothers Prince William and Prince Harry and their wives Kate and Meghan, launched a new phone messaging service on Friday to help people suffering mental health crisis. The two princes have been widely praised for speaking out about their own struggles with mental health in… In "Foreign" •Meghan, Harry and their baby, Archie The boy whose mother was hounded to her death by the paparazzi has come of age. And he is reminding the British establishment of everything it has tried desperately to forget about that tragedy, and more. Harry, still addressed as His Royal Highness and… In "Opinion" Prince Charles will walk Meghan Markle down the aisle on Saturday when she marries Prince Harry, Kensington Palace has said. Ms Markle's father, Thomas, is unable to attend the wedding, after undergoing heart surgery. The Prince of Wales was "pleased to be able to welcome Ms Markle to the Royal… In "Foreign"