Former Minister of Aviation, Femi Fani-Kayode’s first wife, Regina has has described his estranged wife, Precious Chikwendu as a sick liar.  The custody battle between Chikwendu and Femi Fani-Kayode took a different turn after Regina waded into the controversy. Regina who countered allegations of FFK assaulting Precious in a statement she released on Saturday March 13, alleged that the beauty queen told her that she was caught naked in a hotel room with a man by her now estranged husband. The ex-minister’s first wife also alleged that Precious was locked up in a mental hospital for one month after allegedly trying to kill her kids. She also alleged that the former beauty queen who knew she (Regina) was still married to FFK before tying the nuptial knots with him, ran down businesses FFK opened for her. The statement reads in full below; STATEMENT BY MRS. REGINA FANI-KAYODE ON PRECIOUS CHIKWENDU My name is Mrs. Regina Fani-Kayode and I am the first wife of Chief Femi Fani-Kayode. We were married in 1997 and we are still married up until today. Precious Chikwendu, a strange woman that he took under his roof, married under law and custom and lived with for seven years has written things about my husband which are not only untrue but also downright defamatory and scandalous and I will respond to her with the following as a first salvo.  Source Former Minister of Aviation, Femi Fani-Kayode, has debunked claims made by his estranged wife, Precious Chikwendu, that he physically assaulted her while she was pregnant. Fani-Kayode also alleged that Chikwendu was an adulterer who tried to seduce his friends while he was in detention. The former beauty pageant had accused… In "News" Hannah Nworgu, a family associate of Precious Chikwendu, the estranged wife of former Aviation Minister Femi Fani-Kayode, has accused her of lying. Nworgu, who claimed to have lived with the couple, claimed that Fani-Kayode took good care of Chikwendu’s mother until her death contrary to her allegation. Precious Chikwendu last… In "Features" A former Minister of Aviation, Femi Fani-Kayode, has separated from his wife, Precious Chikwendu, with whom he had four sons.  According to The PUNCH. Fani-Kayode has, however, written a pre-litigation letter to popular blogger, Stella Dimokorkus, demanding N2bn from her for a report he termed libelous. The blogger had in… In "News"