Former Governor of Imo State, Ikedi Ohakim has been discharged and acquitted by an Abuja High Court of a 3-count criminal charge preferred against him by the Inspector General of Police, Adamu Mohammed.  The police chief had accused the ex-governor of giving false information against one Chinyere Amuchienwa. It was alleged that Ohakim lied that the lady threatened him with a gun and equally made a false claim of having a plot of land for sale in Lagos. The charge read: “That you Ikedi Ohakim, on or about the 23rd day of May 2019 at Asokoro, within the jurisdiction of this honourable court did unlawfully gave false information against one Chinyere Amuchienwa, that she threatened you with gun knowing it to be false and thereby committed an offence punishable under Section 140 of the Penal Code Law of the Northern Nigeria, 1968. “That you Ikedi Ohakim, on or about the 23rd day of May, 2019, at Asokoro, within the jurisdiction of this honourable court did unlawfully gave false information against one Chinyere Amuchienwa, that you have a plot of land for sale at Lagos State, knowing it to be false and thereby committed an offence punishable under Section 140 of the Penal Code Law of the Northern Nigeria, 1968. “That you Ikedi Ohakim on or about the 23rd day of May 2019 at Asokoro, within the jurisdiction of this honourable court did unlawfully used derogatory the name of Raji Fashola as the owner of the purported land situated at Ikeja, Lagos State and thereby committed an offence punishable under Section 140 of the Penal Code Law of the Northern Nigeria, 1968.” According to the charge that was signed by the police prosecutor Stanley Nwodo, the former governor committed an offence punishable under Section 140 of the Penal Code Law of Northern Nigeria, 1968. Ohakim was however acquitted and discharged of the charges following a notice of discontinuance filed by the police in relation to the matter. The notice of discontinuance of charge no: CR/933/2020 dated March 12, 2021, was filed before the court by Rotshang Faith Dimka, Legal Counsel, Legal/Prosecution Section, FCIID, Force Headquarters, Abuja.  Source The Inspector-General of Police, Mohammed Adamu has arraigned a former Governor of Imo State, Ikedi Ohakim, before an FCT High Court sitting at Maitama, for allegedly giving false information against one Chinyere Amuchienwa. The police alleged that Ohakim who was governor of Imo State from 2007 to 2011, lied that… In "News" A former Governor of Imo state, Ikedi Ohakim will next week be arraigned for threatening to circulate a woman's nude photos. According to TheCable, the office of the inspector-general of police (IGP) is in charge of the case. The report revealed that the former governor will be arraigned on February… In "Politics" A former governor of Imo State, Ikedi Ohakim has been arrested allegedly defrauding a businesswoman, Chinyere Amuchinwa of over N500 million. Thisday reported that the police arrested Ohakim and later granted him administrative bail. But the former governor is set to charged to court following a petition, which was signed by… In "Politics"