Traditional rulers in Ekiti State under the aegis of Majority Obas of Ekiti Land (MOBEL) has opposed the establishment of ranching proposed by the Federal Government under its National Livestock Programme. They said the FG’s proposed plan by the state government to acquire land for herdersmen grazing activities is ‘crystal imperialist agenda’ with potentials to cause serious security challenges for the host communities. The monarchs, in a letter dated March 25 2021 and addressed to Governor Kayode Fayemi expressed their opposition to the Ekiti State’s decision to adopt the project following preponderance of complaints from subjects both home and abroad. The letter was signed by the Chairman of the Majority Obas in Ekiti land, Olomuoke of Omuooke-Ekiti, Oba Vincent Otitoju; the Secretary, Onikun of Ikun Amure-Ekiti, Oba Olatunde Olusola and other 79 monarchs. The traditional rulers cautioned Governor Fayemi against imposing any obnoxious policy on the people, saying ceding lands to herders whose criminal activities have created panic in the state would offend the sensibilities of the people who had been victims of their heinous atrocities. They vowed not to cede any portion of land in their domains for the proposed grazing reserves, “we are mindful of the security implications and consequences which will be inimical to the security of our people.” The Nation By Ariwodola Idowu Ado Ekiti - Iyemero Ekiti traditional ruler in Ekiti state, Oba Ebenezer Ogungbemi, has commended Gov. Kayode Fayemi, for prompt deployment of military joint task force in the community following incessant killings. The monarch made the commendation in a letter to the governor dated April 20, 2019,… In "News" By Ariwodola Idowu Ado Ekiti - President Muhammadu Buhari on Tuesday met the traditional rulers in Ekiti, seeking their support for his re-election bid ahead of the forthcoming general elections. The News Agency of Nigeria, (NAN) reports that the president was in the state in continuation of his nationwide campaign… In "Politics" Palpable fear gripped Ekiti State on Thursday as strong indications emerged Governor Kayode Fayemi was allegedly making moves to dethrone the Ewi of Ado-Ekiti, Oba Rufus Adejugbe and 10 other aggrieved prominent traditional rulers in the state otherwise called ‘pelupelu Obas’. The affected Obas include Ewi of Ado-Ekiti Oba Rufus… In "News"