The crisis over hijab (veil) wearing in Christian grant-aided mission schools took a violent turn Monday in Ilorin, Kwara state capital. Scores of hoodlums allegedly vandalised churches, shops and schools in Sabo-Oke, Muritala Mohammed way and other areas of the metropolis. Other places affected include Post Office, Surulere and Maraba where churches and Christian schools are located. It took combined efforts of officers and men of the Kwara State Police Command, Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) and the Nigeria Army to prevent the break down of law and order. This tense situation sent fears and apprehension down the spines of residents of the areas. The hoodlums allegedly brandished machetes, cutlasses, bottles and other dangerous weapons, while marching through some roads in the metropolis. It was also gathered some of them wore masks apparently to cover their identity. Though the gate of the Cherubim and Seraphim College Sabo Oke Ilorin was securely locked, the hoodlums hauled stones and other dangerous missiles into the premises even with the presence of military operatives stationed at the entrance gate of the school. The violence also spread to St. Barnabas LGEA primary school, Murtala Muhammad way, Ilorin and some churches in the area. Kwara state police command spokesperson, Ajayi Okasanmi, said the prompt intervention of men of the command nipped the situation in the bud. He said that normalcy had since returned to schools and business communities in the metropolis. The Nation There was anxiety Wednesday in Ilorin, Kwara state capital on the reopening of shut grant-aided secondary schools over hijab (veil) controversy. Both Christians and Muslims exchanged hot words, almost snowballing into fracas in some of the schools. The state government had late Tuesday night announced the reopening of the schools,… In "News" •AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq, Governor of Kwara State I am writing this as a response to Rafiu Ajakaiye, CPS to the governor of Kwara State, whose piece on the same subject I just read.   What are the issues involved in this case and how can these be resolved without snowballing into a… In "Opinion" Ilorin - The Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC), Kwara Command, has intercepted 52 persons who allegedly violated the COVID-19 lockdown order in the state. The Public Relations Officer of NSCDC in the state, Mr Ayeni Olasunkanmi, made this known in a statement issued in Ilorin on Sunday. The… In "Metro"