Ahead of the party primaries for the November 6 governorship election in Anambra State, stakeholders of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) are drumming support for one of the contestants, Mr Godwin Ezeemo. During a meeting of the stakeholders in Awka at the weekend, they urged the PDP delegates to ensure emergence of Ezeemo as the gubernatorial candidate of the party. The reason, they said was because Ezeemo, had invested in all sectors in the state, including agriculture and publishing. They said the aspirant was the only one with a capacity to dislodge the All Progressive Grand Alliance (APGA) from the state government house  One of the pillars of PDP in the State, Chief Christopher Udoye, adviced the delegates not to allow moneybags to hijack their governorship primary so that the will of the people would prevail. Also, Hon. Ibuchim Ezekwelu and Chief Dan Igbokwubili, said the aspirant, apart from playing the politics according to the rules, had over a thousand staff in all his industries in the state alone, aside from relating well with all. The Nation ABUJA  - The Progressive Peop­les Alliance  (PPA), has fixed July 22, 2017 for the conduct of its party primaries to pick the candidate for the Anambra St­ate governorship ele­ction slated for November 18 this year. The National Chairman of PPA, Prof. Peter Ameh, disclosed th­is on Thursday, when a governorship… In "Politics" By Joy Mbachi Awka -  Mr Godwin Ezeemo, a Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Governorship Aspirant in Anambra, says the decision of the Federal Government to remove petrol subsidy is long overdue and a good step in the right direction.   Ezeemo, the 2013 governorship candidate of the Progressives Peoples Alliance… In "News" AWKA - Ahead of the 2015 general elections, the Progressives People’s Alliance (PPA) Anambra State chapter, on Saturday in Awka, inaugurated caretaker committees to reposition the party. The members are made up of five persons each from the 21 Local Government Areas of the state. The state committee, headed by… In "News"