Anambra State lawyers Monday took to the streets, protesting rising cases of insecurity and the kidnap, killing of one of their members last week in the State. The Legal practitioners numbering over 300, told the governor of the State, Chief Willie Obiano, to immediately address worsening security situation In their peaceful protest to the government House Awka, against the kidnapping and killing of Mr. Frank Onwuachi by unknown gunmen, said ‘enough is enough Speaking during the protest, the Chairman of Onitsha Nigeria Bar association, Mr. Onyechi Ononye, said lawyers in the state could no longer go to court due to the high rate of security challenges in the state. He called on Obiano to immediately deploy security operatives to courts and other parts of the state to secure lives and property. “We are here to express our displeasure over the worsening security situation in the state. Our member was kidnapped and killed the other day.” According to him, “the state government must rejig the security architecture in the state to protect the lives of innocent citizens in the streets. Anambra State governor, Chief Willie Obiano, on Sunday, read the riot act to the Joint Security Task Force JTF to end the killings in the State He also banned the use of fitted tinted and covered vehicle plate numbers in the State and any form of touting among others. The Nation Barrister Francis Onwuachi, the Chairman of the Nigerian Bar Association, Onitsha branch, has been killed by his abductors. Onwuachi, President General of Omor, a community in Ayamelum Local Government Area, was kidnapped was kidnapped along Ezu River/Anaku road on Friday, March 12, while on his way to his town by… In "News" ....Two die as protesters attack Osun gov’s convoy ....Anambra gov visits torture centres, frees detainees Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  The #EndSARS protests continued on Saturday as economic activities were paralysed in some places across the country, including Lagos, Abuja, and Enugu. For instance, hundreds of protesters barricaded the Kubwa-Zuba Expressway… In "Top Stories" •Ifeanyi Ejiofor  AWKA - Anambra State branch of the Inter Party Advisory Council (IPAC), and the embattled lawyer of Nnamdi Kanu's Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, Mr. Ifeanyi Ejiofor, have called for the setting up of panel of inquiry to look into last week’s incident at Oraifite in Ekwusigo local… In "News"