The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board has fixed June 5 for the commencement of the 2021 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination.  JAMB in a statement, on Wednesday, by its Head, Public Affairs and Protocols, Dr Fabian Benjamin, said 2021 UTME examination will end Saturday, June 19, 2021. The examination body also said it has started the 2021 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination and Direct Entry registration. It noted that all potential candidates must provide their National Identity Number at point of registration. Part of the statement read, “This is mandatory for participation in the 2021 registration exercise. “Registration will take place in 700 centres across the country; the list is available in all the state offices of JAMB and on its website at www.jamb.gov.ng. “The approved schedule for registration and examination are that registration exercise will start on Thursday, April 8 and end on Saturday, May 15, 2021. “Candidates are also to note that the registration for Direct Entry applicants will run concurrently with that of UTME candidates. “There will be no extension of time for the sale of the UTME or DE application documents. “Mock examination will be held on Friday, April 30 for those who indicate interest and are registered before April 24. “UTME will hold from Saturday, June 5 to Saturday, June 19, 2021.” It also added that registration fee for the 2021 application documents remained N3, 500 and N500 for recommended Reading Text.  Source ABUJA - The Joint Admissions and Matriculations Board on Tuesday said no date has been fixed for registration for the 2021 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME). JAMB made the announcement in a Tweet on its official and verified handle @JAMBHQ. It also advised the public to disregard a fake Twitter account that… In "Top Stories" By Veronica Dariya Bwari (Abuja) - The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB), on Saturday said it had suspended the use of the National Identity Number (NIN), for the 2020 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME). The Registrar of the board, Prof. Ishak Oloyede, disclosed this to newsmen during a press… In "Top Stories" The Joint Admissions and Matriculations Board (JAMB) says it has concluded all arrangements to commence the sale of 2021/2022 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME) and Direct Entry (DE) registration forms. The board disclosed this in its Vol. 2, No. 15 Weekly Bulletin of the Office of the Registrar and made… In "Education"