President Muhammadu Buhari has been called upon to arrest popular Islamic cleric, Sheikh Gumi.  The Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council Worldwide, OYC made the call, saying Sheikh Gumi should be arrested to explain what he knows about banditry in the Northern part of the country. Gumi is believed to have drawn the ire of the Igbo youth group following his interview with BBC Pidgin, where he reportedly compared late Igbo leader, Dim Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu, with the bandits. The group noted that Ojukwu led Ndigbo to the Nigeria/Biafra civil war which lasted for three years, claiming millions of lives, stressing that Sheik Gumi now believes Ojukwu committed the same offence as the bandits. President-General, Ohanaeze Youth Council, Mazi Okwu Nnabuike, in a statement, said he was surprised that Gumi was still walking the streets a free man, despite glaring evidence that he was in a deep romance with terrorists who have continued to kidnap and kill millions of Nigerians. “There is no doubt that Nigeria is at a crossroads in its journey to nationhood. Never in the history of the country has it witnessed such an orgy of violence and criminality being perpetrated by terrorists hiding under different nomenclatures. “However, more worrisome is the fact that the chief mobilizer and the spokesman of the terrorists, Sheikh Gumi has been left to be walking freely despite clear evidence that he was part of Nigeria’s security problems. “Ranging from his claims that bandits are not terrorists, to his mindless comparison of bandits with the IPOB and now Dim Odumegwu Ojukwu, it is clear that Gumi has turned the chief spokesman of terrorists and should be arrested and prosecuted. “He did not start today as his track record shows that he was part of those that laid the foundation to what we are seeing today; his divisive and inciting messages are not new in the country. It is now time for security agencies to do the needful as this is the only way to end the current mindless killing and kidnapping of Nigerians.”  Source Evangelist Elliot Uko is the founder of Igbo Youth Movement and leader South-East Democratic Coalition. In this interview, he speaks on the Buhari Presidency and other national issues. Excerpts: How is the South-East welcoming the new government? We, in the South-East, voted massively for President Jonathan, and our candidate didn’t… In "News" The fight against terror in Nigeria has been a theatre of the absurd. What began as a tiny spark of itinerant fanatics taking a pledge against western education mutated into a full-fledged non-state army currently ranked as the third deadliest globally. Yet, banditry is another fast-growing franchise. State response has… In "Column - Thursday" It must rank as one of the most unusual meetings anywhere in the world. But renowned Islamic scholar, Sheik Ahmad Abubakar Gumi, appeared unperturbed to make it happen. It was only his second of such meetings in as many weeks, and he appeared to be mastering the art of softening… In "News"