The government of Ekiti government has disclosed that it will be compensating the first set of police brutality victims in the state, in line with the recommendation of the Judicial Panel of Inquiry which was setup review allegations of human rights violations against members of the public by officials of the defunct Special Anti-Robbery Squad.  Commenting on the recommendation made by the panel which is led by Retired Justice Cornelius Akintayo and comprises of representatives of youth groups, civil society and other interested parties, Ekiti state’s Commissioner for Information and Values Orientation, Akin Omole said the state government has accepted the interim recommendations of the panel in full. Imole Said; “The Justice Cornelius Akintayo panel commenced seating in November 2020 and received petitions from 85 members of the public on various allegations of human rights violations. The petitioners were given the opportunity to present their grievances, with the necessary support systems provided such as interpreters for those who choose to speak in any of the native languages, as well as mental health counsellors for those who required such services to deal with the impact of recalling traumatic events. “Ekiti state has been commended by a broad section of stakeholders on account of the professional, efficient, and humane approach that the Justice Cornelius Akintayo panel has discharged its mandate so far, supported by the Government of Ekiti state, the Ekiti State Command of the Nigeria Police Force, and other stakeholders. “Government has accepted the interim recommendations of the panel in full. In addition to the award of compensations, the Government has taken deliberate actions to strengthen its access to justice institutions with a view to ensuring a speedy and effective response to citizens complaints of human rights violations. Government is also participating actively in ongoing discussions on police reform.” Source The Lagos State Governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has sworn in a seven-man Judicial Panel of Enquiry and Restitution to investigate cases of brutality and human rights violations committed by operatives of the dissolved Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) in the State.   The panel, which is being headed by retired Justice Doris… In "Politics" Twelve people have been killed since protests against police brutality started in Nigeria about 10 days ago. Youths in states across the geopolitical zones in the country have been voicing their displeasure at police brutality and corruption.   Protesters observed the Friday Jumma’t prayers on the road while there was… In "News" The governor promised to set up an implementation committee on the panel’s recommendations. Submitting the report late Wednesday in Ilorin, the state capital, panel Chair Justice Tunde Garba (rtd) said that panel’s report was based on various petitions received, bordering on alleged policebrutality, unlawful arrests, extortion, violation of fundamental human… In "News"