Indigenes of Onitsha in Anambra State have reportedly floated a security outfit known as Onitsha Ado Vigilante Network to check the increasing wave of crime in the commercial city. The traditional ruler of the Onitsha Kingdom, Obi Alfred Achebe, who unveiled the security outfit at the weekend, said there was need to keep the security of the city, especially being a commercial hub. The monarch also unveiled branded Toyota Sienna vehicles said to have been donated by good-spirited individuals in the city to fight against insecurity in Onitsha. The commercial city has lately fallen for criminals and hoodlums, who dispose visitors and residents alike of their belongings, even in broad daylight. Meanwhile, the Anambra State Command of the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) has protested the choice of colour for the branding of the vehicles donated for the Onitsha Ado Vigilante Network. The NSCDC said the colour conflicts with theirs, urging the vigilance group to immediately repaint all their vehicles to avoid clash of interest. A statement issued by the state Commandant of NSCDC, David Bille, said: “The attention of the Anambra State Command of the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) has been drawn to the branded vehicles painted in Civil Defence colours presented to the Onitsha Ado Vigilante Network. “The Corps, while appreciating the Onitsha community for taking a bold step in complimenting the functions of the federal security agencies in the fight against crimes in the state, urges the community to as a matter of urgency effect a change of colours on their vehicles to avoid clash of interest.” The commandant wondered why the initiators of the said vigilante network could not have known that white, red and black colours are being used by the NSCDC before unveiling the same colours to the public. (THISDAY) The Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) in Anambra State on Thursday sealed two companies in Onitsha for breaching code of conduct governing the operation of Private Guard Companies and for operating without a valid license. The companies are GLOBE 999 Security LTD, located at No 49 Ugwunabankpa Road… In "News" By Francis Onyeukwu Chapter Two, Section 14 (1)(b) of 1999 Nigeria Constitution states that security and welfare of the people shall be the primary purpose of government. This very important section of the country’s grand norm found under the fundamental objectives and directive principles of state policy though non-justiceable, implies… In "Features" By Chimezie Anaso Awka - The Nigerian Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) has intervened to resolve the clash between farmers in Ebenebe Community, Awka North Local Government Area and cattle herders. The meeting between Mr David Bille, the Commandant of NSCDC Anambra, alongside the State Cattle Menace Control Committee… In "Metro"