Nigerian mixed martial artist, Israel Adesanya has spoken after his first loss.  Adesanya’s flawless record came to an abrupt end following his defeat to Jan Blachowicz in the UFC 259 light heavyweight championship in Las Vegas. The Nigerian mixed martial artist suffered his first professional defeat in the combat sport after bowing to his Polish opponent in the fifth round through a unanimous decision. All three judges gave the contest to Blachowicz with a scorecard of 49–46, 49–45, 49–45 at the end of the meeting. However, while reacting to the setback, the 31-year-old insisted that the fight didn’t go as planned, adding that he was unable to sleep before the fight. He told UFC on BT Sport by the ringside: “No, not exactly because I thought I was going to win and you know, I couldn’t sleep last night and instead of doing wines I was doing lines just to stay up. “They got me one of these (bottle of wine) and I probably should have had it maybe I would have slept better. “Yes it didn’t go the way I wanted it but dare to be great, you know the critics are on the sidelines but I am the one putting my life on the line.”  Source Polish professional mixed martial artist, Jan Blachowicz has defeated Nigerian Israel Adesanya to retain his light heavyweight title. Israel Adesanya had intended to burnish the legend as he aimed to become the fifth fighter in UFC history to become a two-weight champion simultaneously. The Nigerian had stepped into the octagon… In "Sports" London - Irish mixed martial arts (MMA) fighter Conor McGregor said on Tuesday he was retiring from the sport, five months after losing to Khabib Nurmagomedov in a controversial title fight. The fight which was held in Las Vegas had sparked a brawl which led to a six-month ban. The… In "Sports" By Rory Carroll Undefeated boxer Floyd Mayweather and mixed martial arts champion Conor McGregor, two of the most popular athletes in their respective sports, have agreed to a crossover fight in the ring on August 26 in Las Vegas. The fight confirmed on Wednesday is expected to gross millions of… In "Sports"