Mike Tyson has backed Tyson Fury to defeat Anthony Joshua in the hotly anticipated heavyweight Battle of Britain later this year.  Tyson believes the speed the Gypsy King possesses means he will be able to outwit Joshua and avoid his powerful punches in a similar tactic that saw him emerge victorious in his rematch with Deontay Wilder in early 2020. Tyson has spoken glowingly of Joshua’s attributes but reckons that unless he can learn to punch faster than the explosive Bronze Bomber, Fury will claim the WBA, WBO, IBF and IBO from his rival later this year to become the undisputed king, Daily Mail reports. ‘I f***ing love Joshua, but I think Tyson [Fury] is too elusive,’ Iron Mike explained to Haute Living. ‘He’s not going to be able to hit him. ‘I like Joshua a lot, and maybe he punches harder than Wilder, but he doesn’t punch faster than Wilder. ‘And if he doesn’t punch faster than Wilder he’s not going to f***ing touch this guy. ‘That’s just what I see. If Tyson Fury can get away from Wilder’s fast punches, Joshua might be in trouble.’ The venue and date for the heavyweight showdown is yet to be officially confirmed with Joshua’s promoter Eddie Hearn recently revealing he has had a mega-money offer from a mystery individual. Speaking last week, Hearn said: ‘I had an approach, not from the Middle East, but it was the most bizarre approach. ‘I can’t say who it was but it was from a very wealthy individual and he wants to do something very special. We’ve had 20 approaches for this fight but you know which ones are serious. ‘But this one was just well out there. And it’s a realistic option, money is not an issue with this guy. Commercially it’s a bit strange, but it’s not about that. It’s a trophy asset to say… “this is the biggest event in the world”.   Source British boxer, Tyson Fury, has said that he would knock out fellow countryman, Anthony Joshua, in the 3rd round because the 30-year-old has ‘no footwork’. Fury also claimed that Joshua has been avoiding to fight him for 5 years. Tyson Fury and Anthony Joshua are both on course for a… In "Sports" Saudi Arabia - Anthony Joshua’s turbulent year ended in triumph in Saudi Arabia in an epic second showdown with Andy Ruiz and soon fight fans will be treated to another rematch in February when Deontay Wilder and Tyson Fury go to war a second time. The debate about who is… In "News" New York - Andy Ruiz Jr. stopped British title-holder Anthony Joshua in the seventh round of their fight in New York on Saturday to become the first Mexican-American heavyweight world champion. Joshua, previously undefeated, was defending his IBF, WBA and WBO titles but was knocked down four times beforeunderdog Ruiz… In "Sports"