Nigeria Professional Football League Secretaries Forum has concluded plans to hold an award ceremony for deserving notable Nigerians during its Annual General Meeting slated for the commercial city of Aba, Abia State from April 6th to 8th.  The award ceremony is expected to climax the NPFL Secretaries Forum’s AGM on April 8th with eight governors among notable Nigerians to be bestowed with meritorious awards based on their contributions to football development . The governors to be honoured include Okezie Victor Ikpeazu Ph.D. (Abia State), Udom Emmanuel (Akwa Ibom State), Ifeanyi Okowa (Delta State), Nyesom Wike (Rivers State), Samuel Ortom (Benue State), Simon Lalong (Plateau State), Abdullahi Ganduje (Kano State), and Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi (Enugu State). Others to be honoured are the Youth and Sports Minister, Sunday Dare, Nigeria Football Federation President Amaju Pinnick, NFF Second Vice President, and League Management Company (LMC) Chairman, Shehu Dikko, NFF General Secretary, Mohammed Sanusi, and LMC Chief Operating Officer, Salihu Abubakar among others. In a jointly-signed release by the coordinators of the NPFL Club Secretaries Chibuzo Nwogu and Emmanuel Terzungwe Chigh, other activities lined up ahead of the AGM include holistic discourse on the state of affairs of Nigerian clubs in the domestic campaign and Africa while the Forum shall also engage the Nigeria Institute of Professional Managers & Administrators to Improve their administrative and managerial skills on their jobs. Meanwhile, novelty football game between Abia Warriors and Enyimba FC officials will be hosted at the Enyimba International Stadium, Aba on April 7 as part of the activities lined-up by the forum.  Source Some PDP governors held a meeting on Sunday, March 4, in Gombe state The governors were said to have had talks surrounding the forthcoming 2019 elections One of the issues that cropped up was the alleged overbearing attitude of Governor Nyesom Wike A report by Daily Trust indicates that some… In "Politics" By Emmanuel Afonne Abuja  -The management of Rangers International Football Club of Enugu and Abia Warriors FC of Umuahia say they are ready for the 2020/2021 Nigeria Professional Football League (NPFL) season. Team Manager of Rangers, Amobi Ezeaku, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) that arrangements have been concluded… In "Sports" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  Ahead of his arrival in the North East and North Western States, the advance campaign teams of the President of the Senate, Dr. Abubakar Bukola Saraki, have arrived in the zones to meet with party stakeholders in the People’s Democratic Party (PDP).  … In "Top Stories"