About 100 cows and nine herders have been arrested by operatives of the Ondo State Security Network, known as Amotekun corps along Akure /ilesa highway. The herders were arrested for flouting directives by Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu that all herdsmen should get registered as well as violating grazing rules on the highway. Commander of Ondo Amotekun, Mr Adetunji Adeleye, said the cows were intercepted and arrested at the boundary of Osun and Ondo States. According to him, “Our men controlled the cows to the headquarters of our office, which was about 30 kilometres from the point they were intercepted. Read Also: How Amotekun can secure Southwest, by Afenifere“I don’t want to narrow it on the issue of capturing cattle. I would want to say it’s a way of reducing crime. These cows were actually blocking the major road leading to the state capital. “Apart from the possibility of illegal grazing in most cases, it is the ploy that kidnappers use. One of the occupants in the vehicle that was blocked called our distress line. And within few minutes, our men were on ground. ”We should take note that our men are in all the 18 local government areas and we are on 24 hours patrol. We arrived the scene promptly. ”The culprits who sighted us on arrival ran away as they controlled the cows to follow them but we were only able to control them back.” (The Nation) State governments on Thursday differed on ranching for herdsmen as a solution to killings and kidnappings by herders. Officials of Oyo, Cross River, Kogi, Enugu, Ondo and Ekiti state governments in separate interviews with The PUNCH, said their states had no plans to establish ranches for herdsmen. But their counterparts… In "News" Two underaged herdsmen are currently in the custody of Amotekun in ondo state after being arrested on Tuesday. The regional security outfit also impounded 200 cows belonging to herdsmen in the state. The cows and the herders were arrested along Ijare/Irese Road in Ifedore Local Government area of the state.… In "News" The Ondo State Security Network also known as the Amotekun Corps on Thursday confirmed that some herdsmen have started leaving the state’s forest reserves for other neighbouring states. It said those that agreed to leave could not cope with the terms and conditions of the state government. The Amotekun Corps… In "News"