By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Former Secretary to the Government of the Federation and former Senate President, Anyim Pius Anyim has eulogised Senator Enyinnaya Abaribe  on the ocassion of his 66th birthday. Senator Anyim who said he wishes to be like Senator Abaribe, highlighted that he first know Abaribe when he was Deputy Governor of Abia State. Anyim stated this in his goodwill message at a book presentation by Senator Enyinnaya Abaribe to mark his 66th birthday titled: “Made In Aba, A Life Of Coincidences”, held in Abuja on Monday. The former SGF said Senator Abaribe has stood against injustice which some people have viewed as controversial. Indeed, a public life without controversy is not a good life, Anym said. “There is a time that you have to stand against injustice. I wish to be like you. The book will make an interesting read. Abaribe’s ability to make decision and stand his ground stands him out. The decisions he has made as public servant that has not been comfortable but standing by those decisions. I want to read the book of life written by you and it will make me be like you, Senator Anyim Added”. However, the book reviewer, Segun Adeniyi said he has followed senator Enyinnaya Abaribe’s political career for two decades. From his days as an embattled deputy governor in Abia State to his current sojourn in the senate where he has become one of the most respected voices. “I have always admired his courage of conviction as well as his ability to put his finger on the flaws and folly of the nation.  So it is not surprising that “Made in Aba, A Life of Coincidences” goes beyond his personal story. It also serves as a mirror with which we can view Nigeria.” “Representing Abia South senatorial district in National Assembly, Abaribe is without doubt a household name across Nigeria, a distinguished senator in the truest sense in our country today. The quality of his contribution to debate in plenary is exceptional, even when you do not agree with him, and on some issues I don’t, you cannot question the clarity of his thought and his abiding faith in a country that works for all everyone and that explains why this book is so significant, he said.” “Made in Aba reflects not only the personal struggle of Abaribe, it captures, if only in brief, critical aspect of Nigerian nation. In the name, it is the catalogue of coincidence that have helped to shape the life and career of a brilliant and elegant politician divided into 10 chapters. Made in Aba begins with an account of Abaribe’s birth into an average family and formative years in the rustic town that holds a special place in the hearts of many Igbo people”. “Instructively, at age five when his peers dreamt of being doctors, lawyers, engineers and pilots, Abaribe was asked what he will like to be in future, he replied simply that he wanted to be a “big man”. Even as a child, Abaribe know that doctors and all those professionals work for big men. With the types of eminent personalities here today, It’s evident that his dream has been realized. He actually attained that status a long time ago as a manager in SCOA, Adeniyi stated. “After earning distinction, the highest class in the West African Examination result in 1974, Abaribe was offered admission in one of the  nations foremost Universities right in his backyard – University of Nigeria Nsukka (UNN). Shortly before resumption, he saw an advertisement by University of Benin calling for fresh students in new department of economics, the same discipline to which he had been admitted by UNN. Out of a sense of adventure or perhaps just to rebel, Abaribe went to Benin, submitted application and was really offered admission and a scholarship. That speaks to a Nigeria where what you know is more important than who you know. But why that promise has been circumscribed, it  is not the issue for today.” “After earning a masters degree in economics, Abaribe was recruited to the neighbouring Bendel State University Ekpoma, that has just been established by the second republic governor, Ambrose Alli. He has been enticed with the promise of scholarship to study aboard that will prepare him for life in the academia. But things did not turn out that way. Abaribe did not get the scholarship which the school wished to award only to the sons of the soil also a typically Nigeria situation which we have to overlook for today. With that disappointment, Abaribe’s excitement to the academia to wane.” Also, former governor of Abia state, Senator Theodore Orji in his remarks said the book, “Made In Aba” reveals who Abaribe is, what he was before until he became the minority leader. How to be or not to be a deputy governor. Reading the book will guide you in life to know how to myiander through in life. Sundiata Post recalls that other dignitaries who graced the book launch were: Former Governors of Imo State, Hon Emeka Ihedioha; Prof Pat Utomi; Senator Ajayi Boriface who represented the Senate President Ahmad Lawan , Senator Mamora, Speaker of Abia State House of Assembly, Chinedu Orji, PDP National Leaders to mention but a few. THE All Progressives Congress has demanded an apology from Senator Eyinnaya Abaribe, over an alleged unprovoked attack on Kogi State Governor, Yahaya Bello. The governing party equally demanded that the Senator representing Abia North, should retract defamatory statements made against the governor or be prepared to substantiate same in Court.… In "Politics" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - Senate Minority Leader, Senator George Akume, on Tuesday gave indication that senators of the opposition All Progressives Congress (APC) must have been hit where it really hurts since last week, following the pronouncements of the Chairman, Senate Committee on Information, Media and Public Affairs, Senator Enyinnaya… In "News" By Chibuike  Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Senator representing Abia South senatorial district at the National Assembly, Senator Enyinnaya Abaribe on Wednesday reacted to his arrest by the Department of State Services, insisting that he cannot be intimidated into not speaking the truth as he is irrevocably committed to being patriotic… In "Top Stories"