The Central Bank of Nigeria has given another 12-month extension on the discounted interest rate for its intervention facilities. It said that the role-over of the moratorium on the facilities would be considered on a case by case basis It disclosed this in a circular on Wednesday to all banks and other financial institutions titled ‘Re: Regulatory forbearance for the restructuring of credit facilities of other financial institutions impacted by COVID-19’. The circular was signed by the Director, Financial Policy and Regulation Department, Kelvin Amugo. The circular read, “The Central Bank of Nigeria reduced the interest rates on the CBN intervention facilities from nine per cent to five per cent per annum for one year effective March 1, 2020, as part of measures to mitigate the negative impact of COVID-19 pandemic on the Nigerian economy. “Credit facilities, availed through participating banks and OFIs, were also granted a one-year moratorium on all principal payments with effect from March 1, 2020. “Following the expiration of the above timelines, the CBN hereby approves as follows: “The extension by another 12 months to February 28, 2022 of the discounted interest rate for the CBN intervention facilities. “The role-over of the moratorium on the above facilities shall be considered on a case by case basis.” It would be recalled that in 2020, the CBN granted a one-year moratorium on all of its intervention funds, as part of efforts to cushion the COVID-19 impact in the country. Source By Ige Adekunle Sango-Ota (Ogun) - Dr Samuel Nzekwe, former president, Association of National Accountants of Nigeria (ANAN), has commended the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) for reducing interest rates on all its applicable intervention facilities. Nzekwe lauded the apex bank’s measure in an interview with the News Agency of… In "News" The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has increased the Targeted Credit Facility (TCF) to N300 billion. The facility, which is meant for households and small and medium enterprises affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, was N150 billion. The expansion of the credit line, the apex bank said, is to enable it… In "Business" At the backdrop of the slide into the second recession in five years, fiscal and monetary authorities are indicating that efforts are on all fronts to ensure early exit from the recession. While the Federal Government has indicated that implementation of its N2.3 trillion Economic Sustainability Plan, ESP, has started,… In "News"