Gunmen have killed Terkula Suswam, the elder brother of former Benue State Governor Gabriel Suswam. They also killed his aide in an attack that occurred at Anyiin in Gaambetiev of Logo Local Government Area at about 8.40 pm. An eyewitness said the late Suswam was working outside his compound when a Toyota car, popular known as “Dog Nyash” approached. The source said the victim suspected the vehicle’s occupants to be gunmen and attempt to run into the compound before he was shot. The gunmen also killed his aide who was with him. Also on Tuesday, bandits killed six persons in Igabi and Kauru local government areas of Kaduna State. Kaduna State Commissioner for Internal Security and Home Affairs Samuel Aruwan said several bandits were killed in air missions conducted over Birnin Gwari, Giwa, Igabi, Chikun and Southern Kaduna. He said: “In Igabi local government area, armed bandits barricaded the Birnin Yero-Tami road, and killed one Hussaini Suleiman Dari. “One Dahiru Saidu was left injured and is now receiving treatment in a hospital. “At Gwada village, Igabi local government area, an attack by gunmen left two persons, Yahuza Sale and Garba Sule, dead. “In another incident, armed bandits invaded Ungwan Kure, and killed two residents, Mohammed Sani Suleiman and Yahuza Sale.” In Niger, bandits abducted 50 people, including 27 passengers in three commercial vehicles, in various parts of Niger State. The bandits were said to have blocked the road at Kundu town a few kilometres from Zungeru town along the Tegina-Minna Road in Niger State. Armed bandits also kidnapped an unknown number of villagers at Gidigori in Rafi Local Government Area. The bandits burnt five cars and carted away valuables. A senior government official said nothing has been heard from the bandits to enable the authorities to know the identities of those kidnapped. In another incident, one person was killed while several others were kidnapped when bandits raided Manta town in the Shiroro local government on Monday evening. The bandits ransacked the houses of the villagers, taking away foodstuff and other valuables items. Niger State Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) DSP Wasiu Abiodun did not respond to calls or messages on the incidents. The Nation …Kaduna, Zamfara, Borno deadliest states…North-West deadliest zone AS flames of violence and other forms of lives guzzling insecurity flicker in many parts of the country, Nigeria has literally become a killing field. In the first six weeks of 2021, lives of no fewer than 1,525 persons have been wasted across… In "Top Stories" Following the growing rate of insecurity in the country, armed bandits murdered six people in Igabi and Kauru local government areas of Kaduna State. The State Commissioner for Internal Security and Homes Affairs, Samuel Aruwan in a statement issued on Tuesday, March 2, said armed bandits barricaded the Birnin Yero-Tami… In "News" •Late Dr Terkula Suswam  From Vincent Nyinongu, Makurdi Tragedy struck in Benue State on Tuesday night as unknown gunmen killed Dr. Terkula Suswam, the immediate elder brother to Senator Gabriel Suswam, who represents Benue North-East Senatorial District.The gunmen were said to have killed the elder Suswam at his country home… In "News"