•President Muhammadu Buhari having a chat with Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala at the State House in Abuja on March 15, 2021 ABUJA – President Muhammadu Buhari Monday hosted in audience Dr. Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, newly appointed Director-General of the World Trade Organisation (WTO), telling her that despite the robust support Nigeria gave to her candidacy for the position, “You also earned it. We are happy you made it, but you earned it with your record of performance both at home and abroad.” The President said Dr. Okonjo-Iweala was putting Nigeria more on the world map, “and I congratulate you, as well as the country. I know you will represent us so well.” President Buhari lauded Nigerian women once again, pointing to key positions they hold like Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Head of the Civil Service of the Federation, and many others. He said the same way, the government would encourage the youths, “so that they can be ready for the challenges of the future.” The new WTO DG thanked President Buhari for the pulsating support she received from her own country in the race for the position. “You nominated me, you wrote hundreds of letters, called up hundreds of world leaders. Without your personal and direct intervention, it may not have worked. The people of Nigeria also supported me massively. The youths were wonderful, always encouraging, backing me up on social media. “Mr President, the world recognizes what you have done. Since its establishment, only men have led the WTO. Now, a woman has emerged for the first time, and she’s a Nigerian. We are so honoured,” Dr Okonjo-Iweala said. She apprised the President of the opportunities for Nigeria in the global organization, as well as the challenges, stressing that “WTO will do more to help Nigeria, but we need to add value to our products in order to trade more. We should exploit all the opportunities in front of us.” She added that the support and leadership of President Buhari will help her a lot in her position as DG. Dr. Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala assumed office on March 1, 2021, as the first female DG of the World Trade Organisation.       …Corronation Rites Of New Obi Begins By Omon-Julius Onabu in Asaba Abuja (Sundiata Post) - His Royal Majesty, Professor Chukwuka Okonjo, Obi of Ogwashi-Uku Kingdom in Aniocha South Local Government Area, Delta State, has joined his ancestors. Obi Chukwuka Okonjo, who ascended the throne as the traditional ruler of Ogwashi-Uku… In "News" Delta State - The royal family of Ogwashi-Uku faulted the claims that the newly crowned Obi Ifechukwude Okonjo, was installed in error. There is crisis brewing in Ogwashi-Uku in the Aniocha South Local Government Area of Delta State, following the unauthorised announcement of the death of the town’s 91-year-old monarch,… In "News" Former Finance Minister Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala was on Monday appointed as Director General of World Trade Organisation (WTO). Here are six things to know about Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala as WTO DG: Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala was born on 13 June 1954 in Ogwashi-Ukwu, Delta State, Nigeria where her father Professor Chukwuka Okonjo was the… In "News"