The Presidency has reacted to the incessant abduction of school students in the country, stating that the federal government has all the resources to curb criminality in the country.  Minister of Aviation, Sen. Hadi Sirika who led a high-powered delegation to sympathise with the people and government of Zamfara over the abduction, delivered the President’s statement to residents of the state. Sirika who disclosed that new measures have been developed by the federal government to curb criminality in the country, commended Gov. Bello Matawalle of Zamfara’s efforts against armed banditry and promised a continued support to bringing lasting peace. He Said; “The President is saddened by the abduction of the students from Jangebe and reassures you that the government has all the resources and wherewithal to contain these criminals. “Buhari also commended Governor Bello Matawalle of Zamfara for his efforts against armed banditry and promised continued support to bring lasting peace. “The federal government will continue its partnership with the Zamfara government and its citizens in resolving the security challenges facing the state.” Governor Matawalle also appreciated the federal government’s concern. He said; “I strongly believe in the president and his effort in fighting all forms of insurgence and urge him to improve on the nation’s security. ”This is by ensuring synergy among the security agencies so that confrontations with criminals can be coordinated on the ground and (in the) air simultaneously.”  Source •The hostel of the abducted schoolgirls in Zamfara State GUSAU - Seven out of the 317 female students abducted at the Jangebe Government Girls Secondary School in Zamfara State have escaped from their abductors. A source who spoke with Channels Television from Jangebe town via a phone call on Friday… In "Top Stories" •Sheik Gumi The recent abduction of 27 pupils and 15 workers of Government Science College, Kagara, Niger State by armed bandits is another demonstration of the dilapidated state of security in Nigeria and the Nigerian State's failure to secure the lives and ensure the safety of her citizens. According to… In "Column - Monday" Governor Bello Mohammed (Matawallen Maradun, Barden Hausa, Shattiman Sakkwato) congratulates the parents of released abducted children of Government Science Secondary School Kankara, Katsina State, just as he regrets statements credited to the All Progressive Congress on the role of Zamfara State in the fight against banditry in the North-West. Governor… In "Politics"