Association of South East Town Unions (ASETU) has cried out over alleged occupation of farmlands in the zone by herdsmen. It said the action posed grave danger to food cultivation in the new planting season and would hamper food security in the region. ASETU’s National President, Emeka Diwe, spoke when he received an award of recognition from the Forum of Imo Columnists and Editors in Owerri. He reiterated that enactment of anti-open grazing laws in the South East states was the only solution to the issue. Diwe said the association had, out of frustration in the past, made representations to the United Nations and the United States of America government over the matter, adding that never again shall they allow their innocent men and women to be murdered by these herdsmen. “We have written the South East governors and all the Houses of Assembly thrice in three years over the need for these laws. “Such laws, as we have since conceptualised, will define an enforceable framework that takes cognisance of appropriate punishment to defaulting herdsmen, restitution to victims and restoration of losses. “The laws will also restore hope and confidence to our poor and defenceless people at the grassroots. It is unfortunate that till this day, the laws have not been enacted. “The farming season is fast approaching. Our farmlands are occupied and our rural farmers do not find it safe anymore to go to their farmlands. When this reality of low farm productivity combines with the glaring economic recession in the country, you can see that the food insecurity in Igboland will be aggravated, and hunger, crime and other social vices will escalate. “The governors must therefore rise now and act. Igboland must be made safe now,” Diwe said. Sun NEws By Ugochukwu Alaribe  To check herdsmen attacks on communities in Igboland, the Association of South-East Town Unions (ASETU), has resolved to set up vigilance groups to protect lives and properties of the people. The group lamented that lives and properties are being lost, women raped, while communities have been sacked… In "Top Stories" ABUJA - The Association of South East Town Unions (ASETU) has petitioned Secretary General of the United Nations, Ban-kin Moon and the President of the United States of America, Donald Trump, over what they called grand plot to annex Igboland by people from northern Nigeria. ASETU said the bizarre smuggling… In "News" The Association of South East Town Unions (ASETU) on Sunday announced that it would hold an emergency security retreat in Enugu State to discuss the rising security challenges in the zone following the recent protests across the country. In a press statement by the national president and the national secretary… In "News"