Following the growing rate of insecurity in the country, armed bandits murdered six people in Igabi and Kauru local government areas of Kaduna State.  The State Commissioner for Internal Security and Homes Affairs, Samuel Aruwan in a statement issued on Tuesday, March 2, said armed bandits barricaded the Birnin Yero-Tami road, Igabi and killed one Hussaini Suleiman Dari. One Dahiru Saidu was left injured and is receiving treatment in a hospital. At Gwada village, Igabi local government area, an attack by gunmen left two persons, Yahuza Sale and Garba Sule, dead. In another incident, armed bandits invaded Ungwan Kure, and killed two residents, Mohammed Sani Suleiman and Yahuza Sale. Similarly, armed bandits attacked Amawan Dadi Rugan Jauru settlements in Kauru local government area. One resident known simply as “Likita” was shot dead. Aruwan said that Governor Nasir El-Rufai noted the reports with sadness, and sent his condolences to the families of those killed, while praying for the repose of their souls. He also wished those injured citizen a quick recovery.  Source Bandits have burnt down the Holy Family Catholic Church, and two houses in Kikwari village, Kajuru council area of Kaduna State. Another set of gunmen also invaded Baka village in Igabi council area and killed two persons. Commissioner for Internal Security and Home Affairs Samuel Aruwan said in a statement… In "Features" Seven persons including a Catholic lector have been attacked and killed by armed bandits in Igabi and Kajuru local government areas of Kaduna State. The State Commissioner for Internal Security and Home Affair.s, Samuel Aruwan, who confirmed the incidents in a statement on Sunday February 28, said bandits attacked Kajinjiri… In "News" Some unknown gunmen have invaded the residence of a traditional ruler and shot him dead. The tragic incident happened in Kaduna. According to TheCable, Haruna Kuye, district head of Gidan Zaki, Zangon Kataf local government area of Kaduna state was killed in the early hours of Tuesday. Kuye and his… In "News"