The Federal Government has described the reported formation of Biafra Customary Government by Asari Dokubo as a “theatre of the absurd by a joker seeking attention’’.  Speaking with the News Agency of Nigeria on the development in Lagos on Monday, the Minister of Information, and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, said the President, Muhammadu Buhari (retd.)’s regime will not be distracted by the absurdity. “I am sure you have heard of the theatre of the absurd, that is the best way I can describe it. “If Asari Dokubo wants to form and run a fathom government, I think he is free to do so. “This administration will not be distracted because we still have a lot to do. ‌“We are not ready to give any attention or time to a joker like Dokubo who is just looking for attention. “We will just take it as one of these entertainment things. “The beauty about Nigeria is that it is never a dull country, you must have one thing or the other to entertain you,’’ he said. Dokubo, leader of the Niger Delta Peoples Salvation Force reportedly announced himself as the leader of the new Biafra Customary Government. The fathom government was announced with names of some leaders by one Uche Mefor, who claimed to be its head of information and communications.  Source Asking If I’m Biafran Is Like Asking If My Name Is Asari Dokubo – Ex-militant Leader In "News" Ex-Niger Delta warlord, Alhaji Asari Dokubo has cautioned former President Goodluck Jonathan not to fall for calls by emissaries beckoning on him to run for the 2023 presidential election. Alhaji Dokubo in a fiery 8:57minutes video on his Facebook page on Sunday, also addressed Niger Deltans participating in the nationwide… In "Politics" •Asari Dokubo and Nnamdi Kanu Agitation for an independent state of Biafra suffered a setback Friday with a former Niger Delta militant leader, Asari Dokubo describing the leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) Nnamdi Kanu, as an “idiot.” Asari, a former leader of the Niger Delta People’s Volunteer… In "News"