The fans of reality star, Erica Nlewedim, took to Twitter to celebrate as she got verified on the platform.  The BBNaija housemate continues to grow in popularity even after her disqualification from the reality television show in 2020. So far, her fans base increases by the day with over 540,000 followers on Twitter and 1.5 million followers on Instagram. An Elite with the Twitter handle _@Nuelidama1 wrote, “I just came online to find Erica verified. If you see the way I screamed with joy like a pretty little girl. I didn’t expect it at all. Not tonight. My roommate nearly sent me out of the room. Gosh, I am too happy ooo… congratulations @EricaNlewedim #VerifiedErica.” Twitter user _@eri_addict wrote, “If anyone says she bought it, just ask them if Twitter Verified is following their fave. #VerifiedErica.” Another excited fan with the Twitter handle _@misskaydee, tweeted, “This excitement is different. That account got reported almost every day. The number of times she had to come and padlock her acct. It’s been tough #VerifiedErica.” For the Twitter user, @colbukasongo, the icing on the cake is the fact that Twitter Verified is following the reality television show star. “To put more salt on your wounds, Stargirl wasn’t only verified…Twitter verified gave her the respect she deserves by following her. It’s the star thing you won’t understand. STARGIRL Trademarked!!! Erica verified!!! #TheEricaSmartWatch #VerifiedErica PARTNER MOBILE,” @colbukasongo tweeted. Presently, she represents several notable companies as a brand ambassador including Partner mobile, Kuda Bank, and Star Radler. Erica Nlewedim, a former Big Brother Naija Lockdown edition ex-housemate, has trademarked her nickname. The ex realty star took to her verified Twitter account to announce to her fans that she has successfully trademarked her nickname, Star Girl. Her fans who identify themselves as Elites, gave Erica the nickname during… In "Entertainment" The very many fans of Big Brother Naija reality show have called for the disqualification of Erica over death threats against Laycon. Recall that Erica who already has two strikes from previous offenses threatened to kill Laycon outside the house. The Abia born stressed that she will make sure Laycon… In "Entertainment" Former Big Brother Africa winner, Uti Nwachukwu has taken to social media to give Erica thumbs up for having sex with Kiddwaya on national television. He didn't waste time to slam those criticising the actress. The latest development comes after Erica yesterday confirmed that she had sex with Kiddwaya while… In "Social Media Feeds"