Governor Nyesom Wike of Rivers State has blamed the government for the high rate of insecurity in the country.  Wike alleged that the federal government was in the habit of politicising security matters saying unless there was change of approach security would not improve in the country. Speaking in a television programme, Wike said if the federal government had taken decisive action to tackle kidnapping when the Rivers Government appealed for assistance, the menace would not have spread to all parts of the country. He said: “I have consistently told the government of today, in as much as you politicize the issue of security you cannot get it right. Until we take the issue of security serious, not by coming on television to say we killed 200 bandits, which nobody saw.” The governor recalled that when Rivers State was faced with security crisis, most of the APC governors in the north claimed he was playing politics. On the utilisation of the 13 per cent derivation fund, the governor said no former South-South governor; particularly those that served between 2007 and 2015 could equal his achievements.  Source By Simeon Nwakaudu I understand that Gbenga Arulegba, the AIT presenter of Focus Nigeria, is a business associate of former Rivers State Governor, Chibuike Rotimi Amaechi.  His business relationship with the immediate past Governor of Rivers State is not enough reason  for him to trivialise the security of Rivers State… In "Opinion" By Dianabasi Effiong Port Harcourt  - Gov. Nyesom Wike of Rivers has appealed to security agencies to ensure that those who sabotage government’s effort to eliminate bunkering are brought to justice. Wike made the appeal on Monday, when participants of the Naval Warfare College Course Four paid him a courtesy… In "Politics" The Northern Elders Forum (NEF) has met with the Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike following insecurity caused by the hijack of the #EndSARS protest in the state by hoodlums identified by security agencies as members of the disbanded Indigenous Peoples of Biafra (IPOB). The elders, who came to assess the… In "News"