Global Alliance, a leading self-determination organisation with allies in 133 countries across the world has insisted that its goal of Yoruba sovereignty is not negotiable or reversible The group admonished the Yoruba people currently tied down in Nigeria not to panic in the face of the programmed onslaught by marauders waging war against the whole of Nigeria. In a statement issued yesterday by the Chairman of Council of the organisation, Mr. Akogun Tola Adeniyi, the Yoruba Global Alliance promised the Yoruba nation that efforts were on to ward off every threat to the corporate existence of the Yoruba. “We are not a nation of cowards. And even though our civilisation and enlightened worldview have imbued us with unique Omoluwabi tenets, which accord love and accommodation to all human beings, we nonetheless believe that it’s only human beings who should be treated as human beings while animals are animals. “We want to assure our Yoruba compatriots that we are working, but quietly, strategically and tactically just like the masterminds behind those devouring Nigeria have remained anonymous without vainglorious and attention-seeking noisemaking. Yoruba fighting forces, like in the tradition of soldiers all over the world are the ones who should do the chest beating to showcase their conquests”. The group said it was convinced that Nigeria was already at war, adding also that it was not deceived by the shenanigans of those who embrace terrorism and cuddle banditry and seek to impose Stone Age mentality on all those who still erroneously believe there is a country called Nigeria. The group said it “sympathises with our fellow African cousins in Sokoto, Zamfara, Kaduna, Borno and other states north of Rivers Niger and Benue, who are being daily plummeted by pampered and officially emboldened terrorists, most of whom were imported into their territorial space by officialdom. “We are also cognisant of the wicked design of the war mongers to destroy the Eastern and Delta regions of Nigeria with the unrealistic ambition of occupying such fertile lands once the aboriginal owners of the hitherto nation-states are vanquished”. The group stated categorically that the Yoruba would no longer be deceived by the hypocrisy, insincerity and duplicity of those who are preaching peace with empty rhetoric and dramatised sympathy visits while at the same time turning blind eye to the massive buildup of arms and brutal incursion and invasion of the terrorised people they are preaching peace to. “It is disingenuous for those who have cornered all the apparatus of defence and security and who have all the powers to stop the unprovoked plunder of other people’s means of livelihood, to tie down the tiger and hand over its tail to the dog and still preach peace and quiet to the tiger. Don’t talk peace, stop acts that make peace unattainable”. (Thisday) By Jimanze Ego-Alowes ABUJA (Sundiata Post) It is pretty obvious Senator Bola Ahmed Tinubu has suffered his worst misfire in his entire political career to date. And what is pretty serious is that it is not just another misfire. It is one that is about to lead to his own… In "Social Media Feeds" Proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has declared October 1, 2020 as sit-at-home across Biafraland. The group said the decision followed credible intelligence alleging terrorist groups plan to slaughter people of the region who intend to celebrate the Independence day. In a statement by the Media and Publicity Secretary, Emma… In "News" By Jimanze Ego-Alowes ABUJA (Sundiata Post) But let nobody tell me of Steve Jobs. The matter is not of genes. We speak of man as a cultural being not an ethnic robot. We are not equipped to comment on genetics. That is we are not saying that blacks or Arabs… In "Social Media Feeds"