Popular OAP and Free the Sheeple leader, Daddy Freeze, has revealed that he will appeal a court ruling which asked him to pay N5million for committing adultery with his lover, Benedicta Elechi while she was still married.  A High Court sitting in Port Harcourt, Rivers State, recently ordered Daddy Freeze, to pay the sum of N5m for sleeping with a woman who was still legally married when the said sex happened. Reacting in a video on his Youtube channel, Daddy Freeze said the court judgment was obtained in his absence. He said the judgement came as a surprise to him just as many of his fans were when they heard the verdict. However, he said he would be approaching the Appeal Court to seek a fair judgement. He said, “Many of you would have been surprised as I was to wake up one morning and see a judgement from a Rivers State High Court. Well, the court never served me, so the judgement was obtained in my absence. “What we will do now is go straight to the Appeal Court. A lot of people are unaware that the judgement is not final until it gets to the Supreme Court. “I’m very confident in the judiciary system, and I do believe that I will receive a fair judgement.”  Source ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - A former governor of old Anambra State, Chief Jim Nwobodo, has criticised the judgment of an Abuja high court, which ordered him to vacate his rented apartment in Maitama, saying the court erred in law. Speaking at a press briefing on Sunday in Abuja, counsel to… In "News" My favourite judge, is 57-year-old Just­ice Okon Effreti Aba­ng of the Federal Hi­gh Court. He is as tough a judge as they can come. He is a product of the Unive­rsity of Calabar, an institution reputed to produce tough persons, hence they are called Malabites (after the tough ci­ty of… In "Opinion" Controversial Media personality, Daddy Freeze, has come under attack following the arrest of Hushpuppi. A video on Thursday went viral on social media showing Daddy Freeze sometime in 2019 dining with Hushpuppi and his gang who are currently being charged for allegedly defrauding over 1.9 million victims to the tune… In "Social Media Feeds"