Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu, of Lagos state has signed the bill for the Prohibition of Unlawful Societies and Cultism of 2021 into law approving 21-year imprisonment for convicted cultists in the State.  The State’s House of Assembly, in February, passed the anti-cultism bill, which also stipulates 15-year jail term for anyone found guilty of abetting cultists and residents who willfully allow their properties to be used as meeting points by cultists. Sanwo-Olu assented to the bill at the swearing-in event for newly appointed members of the State’s Public Procurement Agency Governing Board and two Permanent Secretaries held at Banquet Hall in the State House, Alausa, on Monday, March 15. At the event, the Governor also signed three other bills into law. They are Lagos State Audit Service Commission (Amendment) Law of 2019, Lagos State Public Procurement Bill of 2021 and Coronavirus Pandemic Emergency Law of 2021. The anti-cultism law repeals the Cultism (Prohibition) Law of 2007 (now Cap. C18, Laws of Lagos State of Nigeria, 2015) and provides for more stringent punitive measures, as well as makes its application all-encompassing and applicable to the general public, as against the restriction of the previous law to students of tertiary institutions. Sanwo-Olu said the State had suffered the negative effects of unlawful societies and cultism, stressing that the new law sought to make parents more responsible and show more interest in the up-bringing of their children and wards to ensure that they do not become a burden to the society.  Source Lagos State Governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu signs  Lagos State Governor, Mr. Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has approved a 21-year jail term for cultists and signed the bill for the Prohibition of Unlawful Societies and Cultism of 2021 into law. The governor signed the bill on Monday at the swearing-in event for newly appointed… In "News" LAGOS - Governor of Lagos State, Babajide Sanwo-Olu on Tuesday announced his intention to repeal the Public Office Holder (Payment of Pension Law 2007), which provides for payment of pension and other entitlements to former Governors and their Deputies. He made this known while presenting the 2021 budget to the… In "Politics" The Lagos State Governor, Babjide Sanwo-Olu on Tuesday presented 2021 Appropriation Bill to the State’s House of Assembly. Details later… Source In "Politics"