Nigeria’s estimated 200 million population figure, on Tuesday, took centre stage on the floor of the Senate. According to a senator, the figure is unverifiable and does not represent the true number of the country’s population. According to the National Population Commision (NPC), Nigeria’s current population figure stands at 200 million. This is despite the fact that Nigeria conducted its last population census 15 years ago during the administration of President Olusegun Obasanjo. The controversy was sparked on the floor of the red chamber when Adamawa Senator Dahiru Aishatu Binani made a derogatory remark concerning the population figure of Bayelsa State while leading her debate on a bill for an act to provide for the legal framework to establish the Federal Medical Centre in Mubi, Adamawa State. While making the case for the establishment of the institution, Senator Binani had said that Bayelsa, the smallest state in Nigeria in terms of population, can be overlooked, unlike Adamawa. She said Bayelsa has only eight local government councils and that a substantial part of it was covered by water. Her comment, however, did not go down well with the former governor of Bayelsa State, Senator Henry Seriake Dickson. Senator Dickson, who was visibly angry, queried the population figure of the country and concluded that it was a fraud. He said Bayelsa is bigger than many states in terms of landmarks, adding that the state is disadvantaged because it did not have one of its own as a military head of state. The senator said Adamawa was lucky to have been awarded more local government councils. Sun News •Dr. Chikwe Ihekweazu, DG of NCDC Looking closely at the global data across countries as tracked by the Johns Hopkins University Coronavirus Resources Centre (https://coronavirus.jhu.edu/map.html), the obvious conclusion would be that Nigeria is not doing badly after all. Using five most affected countries for such comparison with Nigeria, statistics on… In "column - Friday" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - Senate on Wednesday advised President Muhammadu Buhari to prevail on his immediate predecessor, Dr. Goodluck Jonathan, to account for every penny that was spent on the Subsidy Re-investment and Empowerment Programme (SURE-P) and other poverty alleviation programmes. The Upper Legislative Chamber also strongly condemned the high… In "News" By Naomi Sharang Abuja - Former Vice-President Atiku Abubakar has said thatNigeria’s higher education sector was overburdened by population growth. He suggested the establishment of more tertiary institutions across the country to cope with the country’s growing population. He stated this at a public hearing on a bill to establish… In "News"