Nollywood actress, producer and DG of ROK Tv Mary Remmy Njoku has reacted after Nigerians blasted her and her husband, Jason Njoku and accused them of paying graduates 30k as salary.  The allegations came in after Jason Njoku said 4.6 million Naira school fees is cheap and he pays more for his 3-year-old daughter. As people called him out for saying that, others claimed that he pays his graduate staff 30 to 40K, and asked how he expects such staff to pay school fees of 4.6 million Naira for their kids. His wife, Mary Remmy Njoku defended him by saying that people who offer 10K services should not expect to be paid more than 10k just because they are graduates. This worsened the criticisms she and her husband received. Mary, who is the Director General of ROK Film Studios, a company she started to create original content for Jason Njoku’s iROKO TV, has now responded. She asked that any staff who claims she presently pays them 30K or even 90K should come forward and she will give the person 1 million Naira and a public apology. She added in the caption that she is being criticized for speaking up for meritocracy and for smart people who work hard but are not well paid because they are not graduates. Nigeria’s movie industry,also known as Nollywood is the third largest producer of movies in the world. There is no doubt that the movie industry has created a lot of opportunities for many talented actors and actresses. Nigeria; a country with more than 160 million people already offers a huge market… In "Entertainment" Here are five female celebrities who don’t have to work a day because they have really rich hubbies. 1. Dakore Egbuson Akande Dakore Egbuson Akande needs no introduction as she’s one of the biggest names in the entertainment industry, Nollywood to be precise. Dakore’s acting career has been one which… In "Entertainment" Mary Remmy Njoku, a Nigerain actress has stated that men should respect their wives especially if she gives up everything to build her home. In an Instagram post, the actress stated that women who give up their childhood dreams to build a home so their man can focus on their… In "Entertainment"