A large number of gunmen on Thursday attacked a bank in Okuku, capital of Odo-Otin council area of Osun State. Two persons were killed in the incident, it was gathered. The Nation learnt that the robbers invaded the bank around 3pm and opened fire to scare off people in the vicinity. A resident of the community said, “The operation lasted for about 40 minutes. I was around the local government secretariat when I started hearing gunshots. It was a very terrible incident today because people were running for safety. “I learnt that the robbers entered the bank during the attack. After the robbery, fear still gripped the community. The police later visited the scene to restore peace.” It was learnt that the robbers escaped through Iba Road. Police spokesperson Mrs Yemisi Opalola confirmed the attack. She said, “The Commissioner of Police, Mr Olawale Olokode, has led a team of police to the scene of the crime to dislodge the armed robbers and for possible arrest.” The coordinator of Odua Peoples Congress (OPC), Osun State, Prince Deji Aladeshawe, said they and the police were trailing the robbers. The Nation No fewer than six policemen and six others, including residents and bank customers, have been reported killed after some robbers stormed about five banks in Offa, in the Offa Local Government Area of Kwara State on Thursday. Sources said the men, who numbered close to 30, blew up entrances into… In "Top Stories" By Gbenga OdogunFor residents of the sleepy town of Isanlu in the Yagba East Local Government Area of Kogi State, last Thursday will remain unforgettable for them. It was the day armed robbers invaded a bank in the community and killed many people. While a group of robbers went to… In "Metro" Osogbo - Mr Kola Sodipo, the Commissioner of Police in Osun, on Saturday said that two police men were killed during a bank robbery in Ikirun, Ifelodun Local Government Area on Friday. Sodipo, who disclosed this at a news conference in Osogbo, said that two bank officials were also killed… In "Metro"