The Supreme Court on Tuesday struck out two appeals filed by former Bayelsa State Governor Henry Seriake Dickson and his party, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP).  The appeals were on the January 7, 2021 verdict of the Port Harcourt Division of the Court of Appeal. The appellate court had held, among others, that a suit seeking Dickson’s disqualification from contesting the last rerun senatorial election in Bayelsa State was not statute barred and should be given accelerated hearing by the Federal High Court. A five-man panel of the Supreme Court, led by Justice Mary Odili, struck out both appeals after their lawyers, including Sir Friday Nwosu, agreed to formally withdraw the appeals. On Dickson’s appeal, the apex court agreed with Pius D. Pius, the lawyer to the first respondent, Owoupele Eneoriekumoh, that having earlier filed a notice of withdrawal, he could no longer take further steps except to withdraw the appeal. Dickson had, at a point, applied to withdraw the appeal, but later filed a motion seeking to hear the appeal.  Source The Supreme Court on Tuesday dismissed the appeal filed by a governorship aspirant on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party in Bayelsa State, Timi Alaibe, challenging the emergence of Governor Duoye Diri as the party’s candidate in the last year’s election. A five-man panel of the apex court led… In "Politics" A kinsman of a former Bayelsa Governor Seriake Dickson has filed a suit at the Federal High Court sitting in Abuja seeking his disqualification from contesting the forthcoming bye-election in Bayelsa West Senatorial District. Owoupele Eneoriekumoh, who hails from Dickson’s Sagbama Local Government Area, is alleging the Independent National Electoral… In "News" By Christian Ogbonna Yenagoa -  Gov. Seriake Dickson of Bayelsa has expressed his readiness to consolidate on the developmental plans of the state. He said this at an evening event on Wednesday in Yenagoa, organised by Bayelsa Government to thank the people for winning the Dec. 5, 2015 Governorship election.… In "News"