Boko Haram terrorists have released a pastor they kidnapped since last year.  Pastor Bulus Yikura, a Christian cleric, was released on Wednesday evening. Yikura was abducted on Christmas Eve last year when Boko Haram attacked Pemi village in the Chibok Local Government Area. According to Premium Times, Mr Yikura was dropped off on the outskirts of Maiduguri and was being transported to the office of the State Security Service in Borno, at about 6:15 p.m. His freedom came about 24 hours before the deadline set for his execution by the terrorist group. Last week, Boko Haram circulated a video where Mr. Yikura begged the government of Nigeria and the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) to save him. He said his abductors threatened to take his life at the end of the week. In the video, he was seen kneeling in front of a masked man who held a dagger. He said the countdown to his execution started on February 24 and ends on March 4. “I have been given only seven days to appeal for assistance that will help me out of this torture. “If truly you want to rescue me from this untold suffering and threat to life, then you have to act fast. “I am also calling on the EYN president to help mobilise help that will rescue me, and also pray for me so that God will make things easy for me here,” he said in the video. However, the Borno State Chairman of Christians Association of Nigeria, Bishop Mohammed Naga said he cannot confirm Yikura’s release. When contacted, Naga said: “I cannot confirm his release, I am equally hearing it just like you did. I have not been able to confirm it from the security, the Christian community or from his family.”  Source A Christian cleric, Bulus Yikura, who was kidnapped by Boko Haram, has been freed. According to PREMIUM TIMES Mr Yikura was freed Wednesday evening by the terror group, security. Our reporter saw Mr Yikura on the outskirts of Maiduguri as he was being conveyed to the office of the State… In "News" The Dunamis Gospel Centre and the Christian Association of Nigeria have pledged to assume the responsibility of training the children of Pastor Lawan Andimi, as well as relocate the family from the Northeast to a safer environment, to shield them from the trauma, inflicted on them by Boko Haram terrorists.… In "News" Last week, news broke that Leah Sharibu, the abducted Dapchi girl who was kidnapped in February 2018 but was not released a month later with her colleagues because she refused to renounce Christianity and become a Muslim, had given birth to a baby for a Boko Haram commander. Another leg… In "Opinion"