•Governor Umahi By CHRISTIAN OGBONNA Gov. David Umahi of Ebonyi has condemned the attack on some communities in Ishielu Local Government Area of the state by suspected gunmen. The attack took place on Monday night in Nkalaha, Obegu, Amazu, Nkalagu and Umuhuali autonomous communities. At least 15 persons were reportedly killed during the attack, allegedly carried out by herders. Umahi visited the communities on Tuesday to commiserate with the bereaved families and also ascertain the level of damage by the assailants. Addressing the people, he expressed sadness over the gruesome attack. He charged all the security agencies in the state to go after the perpetrators in order to bring them to justice. “I got very shocking news this afternoon about the attack on about four communities in the state. “We feel so sad that this kind of thing should happen in Ebonyi, we feel so worried for our country Nigeria and we are short of words. “We condemn this attack because it is capable of causing very serious killings, if allowed to continue this way,” he said. Umahi appealed to the communities to remain calm and shun reprisal attacks. (NAN) Ebonyi state governor, David Umahi, reacted to the clash between herdsmen and farmers at Enyanwu Igwe Igbeagu community - The governor ordered the herdsmen in the community to vacate immediately - He said he can't watch and let killings like that of Benue happen in his state Governor David Umahi… In "News" •Ebonyi State Governor Dave Umahi ABAKALIKI - Ebonyi State Governor, Chief Dave Umahi has reiterated that nobody in the state and the South-East as a whole was considering Rural Grazing Area (RUGA) for herdsmen. Umahi said people were playing politics with the security of the state using RUGA to sell… In "News" By Chukwuemeka Opara Abakaliki -   The Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association has condemned Monday’s clash in Onunwakpu community of Izzi Local Government Area of Ebonyi which led to the death of three farmers and a herdsman. The National Secretary of the association, Alhaji Baba Usman, made the condemnation on… In "News"