Islamic cleric Sheikh Ahmad Gumi has stated bandits will not surrender until they feel safe.  He spoke on Wednesday during a virtual meeting hosted by the National Institute for Legislative and Democratic Studies. Gumi said: “Nobody can justify criminality, what we are saying is what we saw in the forest is an ethnic war going on between people in the forest and the neighbouring villages and hamlets. When the herder felt he has grievances and nobody was listening to him, he took on weapons.” “So when we went there and they saw a listening ear, they were ready to negotiate, tell us their grievances, and ready to incorporate into the society. “So in such a case, I see no reason why we should not have a dialogue with them.” He added: “If you don’t show them they’re safe in the larger society, there’s no way they can leave their weapon. And that’s why we asked for amnesty for them just like we had in the Niger Delta. “I’m not justifying their kidnapping, what they do is crime. But their kidnapping is to get more money to buy more weapons so they can protect themselves.”  Source Kaduna-based Islamic cleric, Sheik Ahmad Gumi, on Sunday said the amnesty he proposed for bandits in the North should be extended to the Fulani involved in kidnappings in the South. Gumi, who stated this in an interview with one of our correspondents, also said the bandits involved in kidnappings were… In "News" Renowned Islamic cleric Sheik Ahmad Gumi has said Nigerians should stop addressing bandits as criminals if they must surrender. He carpeted journalists for describing the activities of bandits as criminals. Speaking on Arise Television on Thursday monitored by The Nation, Gumi said the media is fuelling the insecurity problem by… In "News" •Sheikh Gumi with bandits leader Dogo Gide Hope was initially raised yesterday on freedom for the abducted 27 students and 15 others at Government Science College, Kagara, Niger State, but later dashed, with the bandits insisting on N500 million ransom before releasing the abductees and other people kidnaped in NSTA… In "Top Stories"