Yoruba rights activist, Chief Sunday Adeyemo, popularly known as Sunday Igboho, has said the time has come for the actualisation of the much-desired Yoruba Nation.  He said that there is no basis for ‘one Nigeria’ as insecurity spreads to the southwest region, adding that the only solution is for the Yoruba nation to stand on its own. Igboho in the now-viral video where he was addressing a press conference as obtained by The Nation, reiterated his stance against killer herdsmen in the southwest. “Starting from now, we don’t want herdsmen in our land to disturb our farms again. If we meet any killer herdsmen, we are going to face and destroy them. “If any police attack us for that, we are ready for them. We don’t want Nigeria again, but Yoruba nation. There is no essence for one Nigeria when major resources in the country are in the hands of the northerners.” “Enough is enough, no going back… we are not scared of anybody, these killer herders are taking over our land and they are killing us,” he added.  Source Popular Yoruba rights activist, Sunday Adeyemo aka Sunday Igboho, has hit the Ooni of Ife, Oba Adeyeye Ogunwusi, for allegedly failing to represent the Yoruba nation well during his recent meeting with President Muhammadu Buhari on killer herdsmen in the South West. The monarch, he alleged, didn’t communicate the anger… In "Features" Popular Yoruba rights activist, Chief Sunday Adeyemo popularly known as Sunday Igboho has warned security operatives to go after killer herders and not local hunters, security guards who use single or double-barrelled guns for protection. In the now-viral video posted by Chief Femi Fani-Kayode on his official Twitter handle and… In "News" Nigerian politician and writer, Femi Fani-Kayode has warned against intimidation and victimization of Yoruba activist, Sunday Igboho following his antics over the weekend. He also condemned the Nigerian army for beating Ogun residents who rejected Fulani herdsmen. Here is FFK's article below: For soldiers to escort murderous Fulani herdsmen back… In "Opinion"