The Nigerian Army has cautioned controversial Islamic scholar, Sheikh Ahmed Gumi, not to drag the image of the Service to disrepute. The Director Army Public Relations, Brigadier General Mohammed Yerima, in a statement, warned the Islamic cleric and others to show restraint on the way to malign the image of the Nigerian Army. He said: “The attention of the Nigerian Army has been drawn to a viral video-clip showing the renowned and respected Islamic scholar, Sheikh Ahmed Gumi alleging that non-Muslim soldiers were responsible for the attacks against bandits. “In the video clip, the Islamic scholar was seen telling the bandits that the soldiers involved in most attacks against them were non-Muslims. He further stated that they should be aware that soldiers are divided into Muslims and non- Muslims. “While the Nigerian Army would not want to join issues with the the respected Sheik Ahmed Gumi, it is however important to restate that the Nigerian Army as national institution does not deploy its troops along ethnic or religious lines. “Therefore Sheikh Ahmed Gumi and other opinion merchants are please enjoined to exercise restraint not to drag the image and reputation of one of the most reliable national institutions to disrepute”. It added: “The Nigerian Army remains the pride of the nation and has continually defended the territorial integrity of this great nation. “Comments suggesting to mudslide the image and reputation of the Nigerian Army are not only inimical but tended towards creating bad blood amongst Nigerians. “Furthermore, most operations conducted by the Nigerian Army were done in strict adherence to rules of engagement, code of conduct and respect for the fundamental human rights of the citizenry without any exception. “It is therefore, disturbing that an opinion leader would deliberately want to disparage the Nigeria Army to portray it in bad light. “The Nigerian Army wishes to seize this opportunity to advise opinion leaders to be more courteous while expressing their views, taking into cognisance the imperative for national security, particularly at these difficult times when our gallant troops have redoubled their efforts to tackle the myriads of security challenges facing our dear nation. “What our troops need now is public support to discharge their responsibility effectively and in the most professional manner”. The Nation The Nigerian police, army and other security operatives have been lambasted by a former aide to President Goodluck Jonathan, Reno Omokri. Reno in a brief statement, asked how possible it could be for a popular Islamic Scholar, Sheikh Abubakar Gumi to locate and take photographs with bandits and herdsmen, whereas… In "Features" •Kidnapped students and teachers with bandits MINNA - There are indications that Islamic Sheikh Ahmed Gumi may have secured the release of 27 students of Government Science College, Kagara, Rafi Local Government Area of Niger State after meeting bandits on Thursday in Bangi forest, Blueprint reports. The students were kidnapped… In "Top Stories" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The Islamic Movement of Nigeria (IMN), also known as Shiites Islamic Sect, has distanced itself from any planned attack in retaliation for the death of their members during their clash with entourage of the Chief of Army Staff (COAS), Lt-Gen. Tukur Buratai in Zaria, Kaduna State… In "Top Stories"