Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu of Lagos state has congratulated Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, a former governor and the national leader of the All Progressives Congress, as he turns 69.  Sanwo-Olu in a statement by his Chief Press Secretary, Mr Gboyega Akosile, on Sunday described Tinubu as a visionary leader and a rare mentor. The governor also described Tinubu as a political pathfinder, nationalist and detribalised Nigerian who had contributed in no small measure to the socio-political and economic growth of Lagos State and Nigeria. “He is a major stabilising factor for Nigeria’s current democratic dispensation; he left with impeccable records in Lagos State after setting the right template for economic growth and political stability. “As pathfinder, Asiwaju charted the developmental trajectory of modern Lagos, raising the bar of governance and public service in the state and indeed, Nigeria. “A cheerful giver who cares about the welfare of the people, Asiwaju personifies tolerance and humanity. The story of Nigeria’s democracy cannot be told without the name of the Jagaban Borgu written in gold. Thousands are today direct beneficiaries of his political benevolence,” Sanwo-Olu said.  Source By Yemi Adeleye Lagos -  A coalition of youth associations and student groups, under the auspices of Sanwo-olu Youths and Students’ Campaign Organisation (SYSCO), on Saturday, drummed support for the governorship ambition of Mr Babajide Sanwo-olu. Sanwo-olu, a governorship aspirant of the All Progressives Congress (APC), is up against the… In "Politics" By Chioma Ugboma Lagos -   The Lagos State chapter of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has expressed its appreciation to the  people of  the state for massively voting  the party in Saturday’s governorship election. The party said it remained grateful that the people and residents of the state voted… In "News" According to Sun News, a former Head of Service in Lagos State, Alhaji Rafiu Tinubu is dead. Tinubu died in Abuja on Wednesday at the age of 75, after a brief illness. A statement signed by Mr Gboyega Akosile, Chief Press Secretary to Lagos State Governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu described Tinubu’s… In "Top Stories"