Oba of Lagos Rilwan Akiolu on Wednesday said that those who invaded his palace last October during the #EndSARS protest stole $2 million and N17 million.  Youths vandalised the monarch’s Iga Idungaran, Lagos Island palace, and went away with some properties including the Staff of Office. Akiolu at the commissioning of the Glover Hall Memorial in Lagos said those who attacked his palace were ignorant of the implication of their action. He called on the Federal Government to assist Lagos to recover from the destruction it suffered during the crisis. “I will support anything that will move Lagos forward. I have appealed to the Federal Government to assist Lagos with what we have suffered. The incident that happened here from October 20th to 23rd is so saddening. The destruction we suffered in Lagos is enormous. “Many buildings were burnt, including vehicles used to generate income. I can now say publicly that they stole from my palace $2 million and N17 million,” he said.  Source Rilwan Akiolu, the Oba of Lagos, is said to have returned to his palace on Friday — two months after a mob invasion during the #EndSARS crisis. AdvertisementIn October, there were demonstrations against police brutality across the country, organised under the #EndSARS campaign. However, hoodlums had hijacked the protest and… In "News" Gov Sanwolu Commend Police for Exercising Restraint During Violent Attacks on Officers and Formation in Lagos …Adamu: ‘Destruction uncalled for, police tracking culprits’ Lagos State Governor, Mr. Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Tuesday, received the Inspector General of Police (IGP) Muhammed Adamu, at the State House in Marina on a commiseration visit.… In "Security" Besides the death of some protesters that have left their family and friends grieving, the real estate sector of the Nigerian economy is the worst victim of the wanton destruction that trailed the mindless killing of #EndSARS protesters at the Lekki Tollgate in Lagos by persons suspected to be Nigerian… In "News"