Nigeria’s former President Olusegun Obasanjo has revealed that he once tested positive for coronavirus.  Obasanjo made the disclosure on Friday.  According to him, he was relieved 72 hours later when subsequent tests came out negative. Obasanjo who turned 84 today (March 5), said he was a bit concerned such that he had to call his daughter, Dr. Iyabo Obasanjo – Bello, that he was not having any symptom but COVID – 19 test from sample extracted from him reads positive. The elder statesman who disclosed this in Abeokuta while making his remarks at a colloquium put in place to celebrate his 84th birthday within Olusegun Obasanjo Presidential Library (OOPL), Abeokuta, said Iyabo’s verdict was that the result might be faulty and required further tests. According to him, subsequent tests 72 hours later, all certified him negative to the coronavirus. Obasanjo therefore, advised people not to be afraid to come close to felicitate with him on his birthday because of the dread of COVID – 19 infection, saying he has tested negative three times.  Source Former President, Chief Olusegun Obasanjo, has tested negative for COVID-19. Special Assistant to Obasanjo on Media, Kehinde Akinyemi, disclosed this in a statement on Sunday. Akinyemi explained that his boss took the test on Friday, August 7, 2020, at his Olusegun Obasanjo Presidential Library, Pent House residence, Okemosan, Abeokuta, Ogun… In "Health" Former President Olusegun Obasanjo on Saturday disclosed that he has discovered the reason God spared his life to witness the New Year despite the turbulence and grave assault on humanity in 2020 by a ravaging Coronavirus pandemic. Obasanjo, an Octogenarian, falls into the category of persons that WHO and physicians… In "News" Since Nigeria recorded the index case of COVID-19 on February 27, the number of confirmed cases keeps increasing. As at 09:30pm on April 7, there were 254 confirmed cases reported by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC).Number of deaths recorded so far is 7 while 44 people have recovered… In "News"