Nigerians will now pay for using the Unstructured Supplementary Service Data services (USSD).  This comes after the The Central Bank of Nigeria on Tuesday introduced new charges for customers using USSD services. The apex bank said effective Tuesday, customers will pay a flat fee of N6.98 per transaction every time they use USSD services. It said the new charges was part of the agreement reached when banks and telecommunication operators met on Monday to discuss the N42bn debt owed mobile operators by banks. This was contained in a statement released on Tuesday and jointly signed by the apex bank’s Acting Director, Corporate Communications, Osita Nwanisobi; and Director, Public Affairs, Nigerian Communications Commission, Ikechukwu Adinde. It partly read, “We are pleased to announce that after comprehensive deliberations on the key issues, a resolution framework acceptable to all parties was agreed thus: “Effective March 16, 2021, USSD services for financial transactions conducted at DMBs (Deposit Money Banks Business) and all CBN-licensed institutions will be charged at a flat fee of N6.98 per transaction. This replaces the current per session billing structure, ensuring a much cheaper average cost for customers to enhance financial inclusion. This approach is transparent and will ensure the amount remains the same, regardless of the number of sessions per transaction. “To promote transparency in its administration, the new USSD charges will be collected on behalf of MNOs (Mobile Network Operators) directly from customers’ bank accounts. Banks shall not impose additional charges on customers for us of the USSD channel.” The Federal Government had last week asked telecommunication operators to put on hold, their impending suspension of USSD services over a N42bn debt owed by banks. Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Isa Pantami, had convened a meeting with financial institutions and mobile network operators on Monday. The CBN said the new fee was part of the resolution reached at the meeting.  Source By Okuanwan Offiong Lagos - The Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) on Wednesday said it had revised its determination on Unstructured Supplementary Service Data (USSD) pricing. The commission said the pricing, published on July 23, 2019, was in furtherance of its mandate to protect the interests of consumers and support a… In "News" By Chinyere Joel-Nwokeoma Lagos - Participants at the Nigeria Fintech Week in Lagos on Tuesday said telecommunications, banks and Fintech stakeholders needed to partner to make USSD short codes free to all users to boost financial inclusion. They said that collaboration of stakeholders in making USSD free would enable Nigeria… In "News" The Nigerian Communications Commission has called for an amicable resolution to the discrepancies in USSD charges received by banks and payments made to telecom operators. The Director of Licensing and Authorisation at NCC, Alhaji Mohammed Babajika, made the call during a webinar themed ‘Financial Inclusion in the New Normal, Leveraging… In "News"