The governor of Lagos State, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has gifted veteran Nollywood actress, Lanre Hassan popularly known as Iya Awero, a three-bedroom apartment.  The governor gave Iya Awero the apartment as he commissioned, delivered and renamed the LagosHoms, Igbogbo as Prince Abiodun Ogunleye Housing Estate, Igbogbo. The Chief Press Secretary to the governor, Gboyega Akosile, made the announcement via his Twitter account on Wednesday.  Akosile also shared a video of the handing over with the caption: “Governor @jidesanwoolu today commissioned and delivered and renamed the LagosHoms, Igbogbo as Prince Abiodun Ogunleye Housing Estate, Igbogbo.” Her new house is located in the newly commissioned Prince Abiodun Ogunleye Housing Estate, Igbogbo, Lagos State. The elated actress thanked the governor and his team for their kind gesture. She said, “I don’t know what to say. I am so short of words. I am so happy today. Thank you so much, my governor, may the Almighty Allah continue to bless you. Also, deputy, thank you so much. I am so grateful. If anyone shelters you whenever you wake up, all you do is pray for the person. God will keep blessing, helping and supporting you. This our land will be peaceful, God will fix Nigeria and take the country to greater heights. Once again I thank everyone for this gift.”  Sanwo-Olu after presenting the gift to Iya Awero noted that veteran thespians should be celebrated while they are alive. “We don’t need to celebrate them when they die, we can celebrate them while they are still alive. These are our Nollywood stars that have worked for over 30-40 years and they need to be celebrated. Congratulations ma. Thank you,” the governor said. The 70-year-old actress began her career in the movie industry with the Ojo Ladipo Theatre Group. Her acting career has spanned over four decades and she has featured in both the Yoruba and English speaking sectors of the film industry. She has featured in movies such as King of Boys, Owo Blow, Family on Fire, Sade Blade, among others.  Source By Folasade Adeniran Lagos, - Gov. Akinwunmi Ambode of Lagos State on Thursday assured that all housing schemes spread across the state would be ready for residents who applied under the Lagos Home Ownership Mortgage Scheme (Lagos HOMS) within the next six months. Ambode, who gave the assurance when he… In "News" A former governor of Lagos state, Babatunde Fashola on Wednesday was honoured by Gov Babajide Sanwo Olu after he named a housing estate, Lagos HOMS, Iponri after him. The project is now known as ‘BRFHOMS, Iponri’. The governor commissioned the project on Wednesday, delivering additional 132 homes to the housing… In "Politics" By Florence Onuegbu Lagos - In fulfilment of his promises to renew infrastructure in critical sectors, Lagos State Gov. Babajide Sanwo-Olu is to inaugurate housing, education and road projects as part of activities to mark one year on office. The state Commissioner for Information and Strategy, Mr Gbenga Omotoso, said… In "Politics"