No fewer than four people have been confirmed dead at Igangan, Oyo State in what seems to be a reprisal of arrested Iskilu Wakili. The victims were said to have been hacked to death in their homes at about 2am Monday in the village. Two of the victims of the gruesome nocturnal attack were said to be members of the community police in the area. The Aare Onakankanfo of Yorubaland, Iba Gani Adams raised the alarm of the killings of the residents. This is as he also called the police to release his members who were arrested for showing gallantry in apprehending Wakili, urging the security operative to concentrate on getting rid of bandits and kidnappers holding sway in the Igangan forests. Iba Adams in a statement by his Special Assistant on Media, Kehinde Aderemi said the four men were killed in the most gruesome manner, adding that the audio and pictorial evidences at his disposal indicated that the killers have been terrorising the village and its environs, engaging in untold kidnapping and killing. He alleged that the kidnappers have collected over N800 million as ransom from their captives in the axis. He said “Wakili men have displaced more than a million residents in the over 10 villages in Oke Ogun. They have raped and killed residents at will. “The late Alhaja Sherifat and the late Dr Fatai Aborode and several others were killed and they are still on a rampage till today. They have been terrorising our people for more than six years. “Wakili was a comedian, pretending to avoid being investigated. He was hail and hearty but started pretending shortly after he was captured. “It is sad that kidnapping and killing still continue unabated without any clue as to the time it will end. “Today, four men were hacked to death at Idiyan village, and it is sad and most unfortunate that the police have not been able to unravel the killers till the present time.” Adams expressed worry that the security situation in the Southwest is becoming too worrisome, maintaining that the situation could have been so worse if not for the efforts of the OPC. The Yoruba generalissimo, however, warned criminal herders to stay away from the region, disclosing that OPC and other local security operatives will continue to ensure that the region is safe for residents. Adams, while reacting to the arrest of four members of the OPC that nabbed the notorious Kidnapper said it is purely an admittance of failure for the police to arrest our gallant men that had assisted them in nabbing the notorious kidnapper, Wakili and three of his men. “With the detaining of the OPC members, it shows that the police are ready to frustrate the efforts of the people. The police that are supposed to commend the joint security team for complementing their efforts went ahead to detain them unjustly, alleging arson and killing of an unknown person and up till now the police have failed to unravel the killers of the four men. “People are beginning to lose confidence in the ability of the police. It will be disastrous for the police to lose the respect of the people”, he added. Adams, however, urged the police to release the members and concentrate on getting rid of the Igangan forests of bandits.  (Daily Independent) A joint team of Ibarapa security operatives, including Oodua Peoples Congress, Vigilante, and other groups have arrested the notorious Fulani warlord terrorising Oyo communities, Iskilu Wakili. The PUNCH gathered that Wakili was arrested after several attempts resulting in a gun battle. There had been reports that Wakili and his gang… In "News" No less than least four farmers have been killed on Monday by gunmen in Konkobudo village, Idiyan axis, a border village located between Ibarapa North and Iwajowa Local Government Areas of Oyo State. It was gathered that the gunmen on motorcycles stormed the village before sunrise on Monday and shot… In "News" Fulani herdsmen, who on Sunday seized hectares of farmlands at Ayete in the Ibarapa area of Oyo State, on Monday consolidated their hold on the farms despite the visits of the state Governor, Mr Seyi Makinde, to the area on Sunday and Monday. The Asawo of Ayete, Oba Emmanuel Okeniyi,… In "News"