Former Italian prime minister Silvio Berlusconi has been hospitalised, his lawyer said Wednesday, during the latest court hearing over the media mogul’s “bunga-bunga” parties.  “Due to health problems, Berlusconi has been hospitalised since Monday morning,” said his attorney, Federico Cecconi, at the hearing in Milan. The flamboyant 84-year-old billionaire and media tycoon, who has dominated public life in Italy since the 1980s as a businessman and three-time prime minister, has had a string of health problems in recent years. In January, Berlusconi — who had open-heart surgery in 2016 — was admitted to a hospital in Monaco for heart problems. Last September, he was hospitalised for 11 days with Covid-19. On Wednesday, a source within Berlusconi’s Forza Italia party said doctors had carried out previously scheduled tests at the hospital, adding that Berlusconi’s condition was not worrying. Cecconi did not ask for a postponement because of the hospitalisation. The hearing regards the latest prong of the long-running investigation involving Berlusconi’s infamous “bunga-bunga” parties and the participation of alleged underage prostitute Karima El-Mahroug, dubbed “Ruby the heart-stealer”. The probe involves alleged payments to witnesses by Berlusconi to buy their silence over the parties. Prosecutors say that Berlusconi paid 10 million euros (some $12 million) between 2011 and 2015 to various people. Seven million euros allegedly went to Ruby, who was a minor when she participated in the parties. Berlusconi has always maintained that investigations against him have been politically motivated. AFP Rome, - Former Italian premier Silvio Berlusconi on Monday said he was “fine” as he was released from hospital almost a week after bowel obstruction surgery. The 82-year-old was rushed into the San Raffaele hospital near Milan on April 30, forcing him to cancel a campaign event for this month’s… In "Foreign" MILAN   - Former Italian prime minister Silvio Berlusconi is set to open exclusive talks on Tuesday with a group of Chinese investors over the sale of the AC Milan soccer club, one of his most cherished assets, according to a source close to the matter. Fininvest, the Berlusconi family… In "Sports" Harare -  Zimbabwe opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai who is currently hospitalised in South Africa remains unwell but stable, his spokesperson, Luke Tamborinyoka says. “He is unwell; I last spoke with him on Wednesday morning. “But we expect him home soon,’’ Tamborinyoka said while addressing a news conference to clarify the… In "Foreign"