The Accident Investigation Bureau Nigeria (AIB-N) has reversed itself after earlier claiming that the tyre of a Boeing 737-300 with registration number 5N-BUQ belonging to Air Peace burst on landing at Runway 18 of the Murtala Muhammed International Airport, Lagos. The airline had disputed AIB’s initial report, insisting that while taxing over two kilometres to the domestic terminal (MMA1), known as General Aviation Terminal (GAT), the aircraft suffered a tyre puncture but didn’t burst on landing as stated by the AIB. In the latest statement signed by AIB’s General Manager, Public Affairs, Mr. Tunji Oketunbi and titled, “Update on Air Peace Aircraft Incident at Lagos Airport”, he stated: “We refer to the occurrence involving a Boeing 737-300 aircraft with nationality and registration marks 5N-BUQ, operated by Air Peace Limited, which occurred at the Murtala Mohammed International Airport, Ikeja, Lagos on Monday, March 8, 2021. “Initial findings made by the Accident Investigation Bureau, Nigeria (AIB-N) following a download of the aircraft’s Flight Data Recorder (FDR) and Cockpit Voice Recorder (CVR) revealed that the aircraft experienced a burst tyre during taxing. “As the occurrence falls under the category of incident, AIB-N has therefore ceded the investigation to the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA). Further enquiries on this occurrence should be addressed to the NCAA forthwith.” Spokesman of the airline, Stanley Olisa, said that if the tyre had burst on landing as reported by the AIB, the aircraft would not have moved two kilometers from the international wing to the domestic wing “The aircraft safely landed at the international wing of the airport and while taxing to the domestic wing, had a tyre puncture which cause is yet to be ascertained. “The incident, which occurred at about 12 minutes of taxing and very close to the domestic wing, was duly reported to the authorities. Passengers disembarked seamlessly and the incident is currently being investigated as statutorily required. We, therefore, take exception to reports implying that the aircraft had a tyre burst on landing, as this is conveying a wrong impression about the airline to the flying public. If the tyre had burst on landing, the aircraft would not have moved 2 km from the international wing to the domestic wing. Air Peace is committed to providing best-in-class fight services and will relentlessly observe the highest standards of safety in its operations,” he said. Sun News By Adekunle Williams Ikeja - The Accident Investigation Bureau (AIB) has accused Air Peace of failure to report accidents or serious incidents to the bureau at the exact time the incidents had occurred. The General Manager, Public Affairs, AIB, Mr Tunji Oketunbi, made the disclosure in a statement signed in… In "News" Six hours after an AZMAN Air Boeing 737-500 experienced a burst tyre on landing at the Runway 18R/36L of the Murtala Muhammed International Airport Lagos, the Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN) has reopened the runway for normal flights. The re-opening of the runway for flights was sequel to the… In "Business" By Adekunle Williams Ikeja - The Nigerian carrier, Air Peace, has called for more synergy between the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA) and the Accident Investigation Bureau (AIB) to enhance air safety in Nigeria. Capt. Victor Egonu, the Chief Pilot, Air Peace, made the call while speaking with newsmen on… In "News"