Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  Around midnight on Sunday, Governor Babagana Umara Zulum showed up at Mohammed Goni College of Islamic Legal Studies (MOGOCOLIS), in -Maiduguri, where some Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) from Abadam Local Government Area of Borno were being camped. Upon arrival, Zulum immediately sealed the entrance and supervised a headcount to identify actual IDPs, in order to put a stop to rampant cases of dubious residents pretending to be displaced. These shady individuals spend their day time at IDP camps to share food meant for IDPs, and towards the night, they return to their homes to sleep, with some of them benefiting from other means through which the state distributes food to vulnerable non IDPs in communities. Governor Zulum’s mission at the camp which ended at about past 1am, led to the discovery that out of 1,000 households in the records of humanitarian officials, 650 households were ghosts (non-existent). About 450 households were found to be real IDPs after Zulum’s midnight headcount which was conducted by the governor alongside an official of the National Emergency Management Agency, NEMA, Air Commodore M. T. Abdullahi, and two commissioners (Agriculture, and Local Government and Emirate Affairs). In the humanitarian system, a household normally consists of at least six persons who are either related through families or chosen to stay together for the purpose of receiving household aids. Officials who were part of the midnight headcount said Governor Zulum was not aversed to approving support for any citizen who may be vulnerably in need of food since there is a committee doing that, however, the governor is vehemently opposed to some residents making dubious claims in other to take what is meant for IDPs while also benefiting from other existing welfare activities that target non IDPs. (Channels TV). By Ruth Oketunde Yola - Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) in Adamawa have endorsed the food rationing for deserving households adopted by the National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA). The development followed a resolution by the IDPs when the Director General of NEMA, Mr Mustapha Maihaja, paid a situation report visit to… In "News" Maiduguri -  The Borno Government announced on Thursday that it had abolished the Committee for the Feeding of Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) in the State. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that this followed a protest by some displaced persons over poor feeding. The Deputy Governor of the state,… In "News" By Muhammad Auwal Yola - No fewer than 1,400 Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) including the elderly, women and children from Fufore in Adamawa are complaining of acute food supply in the camp. Malam Bakura Umar, an IDP and leader of IDPs in Fufore Camp, disclosed this to the News Agency… In "News"