A Fulani warlord, Iskilu Wakili, has finally spoken about his arrest while in police custody.  According to Wakili, he fainted several times while he was being taken to a police station after he was arrested on Sunday.  Wakili was arrested by a joint team of Ibarapa security operatives, including Oodua Peoples Congress, Vigilante, and other groups. The warlord and his gang had been fingered in the killings, kidnapping and other criminal activities in Ibarapa, Oke Ogun, Oyo State. Speaking to newsmen at the State Criminal Investigation Department at Iyaganku, Ibadan, Wakili said he was alerted by the women in his compound of the presence of those who arrested him. “I told them to run for their lives, but I stayed back, lying down because I was sick and unable to run,” Wakili stated as quoted by Oyo Affairs. He said he was taken to the Igboora police by men who dragged him out of his hut naked. “I fainted several times before we got there. From the police station, we were moved to the State Criminal Investigation Department, Iyaganku, Ibadan,” he said. “I later learnt that my house had been razed and my son’s wife, called Kande, was shot. She’s lying in the mortuary now.” According to Oyo affairs, Wakili denied the allegations against him, saying he has never been a kidnapper. He added that he had also paid a ransom to the tune of millions after two of his children were kidnapped.  Source The police command in Oyo state has been accused of lying against the Oodua Peoples Congress. The OPC while reacting to accusations of burning down the house of notorious Fulani warlord Iskilu Wakili, said there is no truth in the police report. The Police had claimed that OPC men burnt… In "News" A joint team of Ibarapa security operatives, including Oodua Peoples Congress, Vigilante, and other groups have arrested the notorious Fulani warlord terrorising Oyo communities, Iskilu Wakili. The PUNCH gathered that Wakili was arrested after several attempts resulting in a gun battle. There had been reports that Wakili and his gang… In "News" •Iskilu Wakili The Oodua Peoples Congress, on Sunday, narrated how its men arrested notorious Fulani bandit, Iskilu Wakili who terrorised Ayete and neighbouring villages in Ibarapaland, Oyo State. Speaking in an interview with The PUNCH on Sunday, Adedeji Oluwole, the OPC sector coordinator, who led his operatives and other vigilante groups to… In "Top Stories"