The pan-Northern socio-political organisation, Arewa Consultative Forum, has asked the Governor of Zamfara State, Bello Matawalle, to name those behind the kidnap of the 317 students of Government Girls Secondary School, Jangebe in Talata Mafara in Zamfara State.  The governor had reportedly said that he knew the identity of the kidnappers and if revealed, Nigerians would be shocked. Matawalle had stated this when emirs in the state paid him a solidarity visit on the kidnap of the students. But the ACF said security operatives should treat the governor as an accomplice to the kidnappers, failure of him to tell Nigerians those behind the dastardly acts. According to the ACF, the north is embarrassed by the statement of the governor and the sundry kidnapping as well as insecurity ravaging the region. The National Chairman of the ACF, Chief Audu Ogbeh, who signed the statement and released it to newsmen by the National Publicity Secretary of the organisation, Emmanuel Yawe, in Kaduna State on Tuesday, warned against such unguarded statement by those in authorities. The statement read, “The Arewa Consultative Forum ACF is stunned by a statement accredited to the Zamfara Governor, Bello Matawalle. “The governor is reported in the media to have told 17 Emirs who paid a sympathy visit to him on the kidnap of 317 school girls from Government Girls Secondary School Jangebe in Talata Mafara that he knew the identity of the kidnappers & if he revealed their identity, Nigerians will be shocked. “We ask the governor to reveal their identity and let Nigerians be shocked or even the heavens fall. “We also ask the security agencies to question the governor on the identifies of the criminals he is trying to hide. If he refuses to disclose their identities, he must be treated as an accomplice to the criminal act of kidnapping. “The ACF has been embarrassed by the spate of kidnappings especially of school children spreading like wild fire all over the north. “People in positions of authority that will help us out of this mess like Governor Mutawalle must stop embarrassing the north and country with careless statements on a serious issue like the kidnappings of school children. “Zamfara State and the north are way behind the rest of the country in educational development. The serial kidnappings of school pupils in the north will only worsen a bad and unacceptable state of education in the North.”  Source Obasanjo has diminished his status as a statesman – ACFACF’s allegation, rubbish – AfenifereACF supporting evil, says Middle Belt By Adelani Adepegba, Godwin Isenyo, James Abraham and Raphael Ede  The pan-Northern organisation, the Arewa Consultative Forum, on Wednesday lashed out at the Southern and Middle Belt Forum leaders, saying they should… In "Top Stories" Claims and counterclaims, yesterday, trailed the fate of the abducted students of Government Girls Secondary School, Jangebe, Zamfara State. While one source said they had been released and were in the palace of the Emir of Anka waiting for transportation to Gusau, the state capital, earlier in the day, another… In "News" The pan northern socio-political organisation, Arewa Consultative Forum (ACF), said Friday the activities of the Boko Haam insurgents are boasted by cooperation and support from within the military and other security agencies. It therefore asked the government to carry out an in-house search of its security apparatus and put in… In "News"