A total of 85,700 residents of Delta State are expected to receive the first dose of the Oxford-AstraZeneca vaccine beginning on Friday, March 12. This follows the arrival of the vaccine on Wednesday night at the Asaba airport in the state capital. Briefing reporters on Thursday, Commissioner for Health Dr Mordi Ononye said frontline healthcare service providers would be given priority in administering the vaccines. Ononye said Governor Ifeanyi Okowa and other strategic political leaders in the state would also be considered first in the vaccination process. He explained that the 85,700 doses of the Oxford-Astra Zeneca vaccine are the first tranche of vaccine expected, adding that when the second tranche arrives, the recipients of the first tranche would complete their dosages in the vaccination process. Ononye urged residents to disregard apprehensions about the vaccine, urging them to take advantage of the arrival of the Oxford-AstraZeneca doses to boost their immunity against COVID-19. The health commissioner said the use of the vaccine would enhance immunity and reduce the chances of infection, noting also that the vaccine is free and safe. Stating that personnel have been trained specifically for the administration of the vaccine, Ononye disclosed that the vaccine could be accessed across the 64 state hospitals and some select primary healthcare centres. On preservation, the commissioner said: ‘We have put in place a robust plan to preserve these vaccines, so the issue of preservation is not a challenge. Delta State over the years has developed proper storage facilities.’ Sun News State governments, except Lagos and Oyo, are not making independent plans to procure COVID-19 vaccine, officials told The PUNCH on Sunday. Officials of states including Plateau, Delta, Ekiti, Gombe, Cross River and Bauchi, in separate interviews with The PUNCH, said they had not made any plan to buy the vaccine,… In "Features" Israel has given vaccinations against coronavirus to more than one million people, the highest rate in the world, as global immunisation efforts step up. Israel has a rate of 11.55 vaccination doses per 100 people, followed by Bahrain at 3.49 and the UK at 1.47, according to a global tracking… In "Foreign" The Nigerian Medical Association, the National Association of Nigerian Nurses and Midwives and a coalition of labour and civil society organisations, the Alliance for the Survival of COVID-19 and Beyond, have advised the Federal Government to ensure transparency in the distribution of COVID-19 vaccines. The NMA, the NANNM and the… In "News"