President Muhammadu Buhari on Monday narrated how he fought for the unity of Nigeria during the civil war of 1967 to 1970. He also explained how he saw first-hand the unspeakable horrors of war. Buhari spoke at the 12th Asiwaju Bola Tinubu Colloquium held in Kano, monitored virtually by The Nation. Participating virtually at the event marking the 69th birthday of Tinubu, Buhari explained how he has been opportune to serve in all parts of Nigeria, seeing first-hand the enticing possibilities of a strong, united nation. “I can also relate personally to the ideals of one Nigeria. As a military officer, I have served with great comrades from all the nooks and crannies of our country. “I have seen over and over again that their goodness or failings did not depend on ethnicity or religion. “In the course of my career, I have also been opportune to serve in all parts of Nigeria, seeing first-hand the enticing possibilities of a strong, united nation. “More importantly, I fought for the unity of Nigeria during the civil war of 1967 to 1970, and I saw first-hand the unspeakable horrors of war, not just on fellow soldiers on both sides, but on the civilians: innocent children, women and elderly citizens that they left behind,” he stated. The Nation • My Problem With Osinbajo • The injustice against Igbo Chief Femi Fani-Kayode, a former minister is a lawyer, essayist, poet and a political activist. He spoke to AKANI ALAKA on the contemporary political developments in Nigeria, relations among the ethnic groups in the country, the civil war, agitations for… In "Interview" •Femi Fani-Kayode •Atiku, Obasanjo, Kwankwaso, Tambuwal, Dino Melaye, Saraki  are victims of the monster they created  •My Problem With Osinbajo • The injustice against Igbo Chief Femi Fani-Kayode, a former minister is a lawyer, essayist, poet and a political activist. He spoke to AKANI ALAKA on the contemporary political developments in Nigeria,… In "Interview" A former Managing Director of Nigeria Breweries Plc and immediate past Chairman of the National Population Commission, Festus Odimegwu, has written a lengthy article endorsing the presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress, Muhammadu Buhari, and explaining why he is the best man for the nation’s top job as Nigeria… In "News"