However, the Araba, represented by his deputy, the Araba Oluisese of Ibadan, Ifalere Odegbola, in an interview with journalists in Ibadan, Oyo State, on Tuesday, said, “We are appealing to the Governor of Kwara State to caution against steps that are capable of turning Kwara State and the entire country into crises.  “Peace will reign supreme if religions generally are given pride of place. Let the Christian schools be, same for Muslim schools and schools for the traditional worshippers, without any religion lording it over the other. “A traditional worshipper who decides to attend Christian school should imbibe the Christian practices and principles and ditto for a Christian child who chooses to attend a Muslim school. If he decides to attend the school, he has to abide by the practices. “It is wrong for a child who belongs to another faith to want to force his way through. The governor should desist from acts that can incite violence or civil disorderliness. Academics should not continue to get interrupted as we have it at the moment.  “In the same vein, we are appealing to the National Assembly to drop the issue of use of hijab; we are warning that religious intolerance should not be allowed to polarise us as a people. Nigeria as a secular nation should be receptive to all religions and people should be free to practice their own faith without any interference.”  Source By David Adeoye Ibadan  - Some traditional worshippers, Tuesday held a peaceful march to the Oyo state government secretariat complex at Agodi Ibadan, to protest against alleged discrimination by the state government. The News Agency of Nigeria(NAN) reports that the protest was organised under the umbrella of Traditional Religion Worshippers’… In "News" •AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq, Governor of Kwara State I am writing this as a response to Rafiu Ajakaiye, CPS to the governor of Kwara State, whose piece on the same subject I just read.   What are the issues involved in this case and how can these be resolved without snowballing into a… In "Opinion" Kwara State is in the news again, this time for the wrong reason. The State has recently been embroiled in needless controversies arising largely from the internal wrangling between various factions of the ruling All Progressive Congress, APC. The question that I’ve been asking myself in respect of this matter… In "Opinion"