Controversial businessman, PrettyMike is still in the custody of the Lagos state taskforce office as he has not met his bail condition.  Mike Eze, popularly known as Pretty Mike, was arrested on Thursday, March 4 over the failure of Cubana night club to adhere to COVID19 protocols. Recall that on Saturday, February 27, over 200 clubgoers and workers of the club were arrested by the police for failing to adhere to the COVID1919 guidelines. PrettyMike, who is said to have a stake in the club, went to the Bar Beach police station to see the police over the arrest of the clubgoers and workers. He was immediately arrested as well. In a chat with LIB this morning, the spokesperson of the Lagos state police command, Muyiwa Adejobi, said Pretty Mike was charged to the Mobile court in Oshodi yesterday and is yet to meet his bail conditions which include N1 million, a traditional ruler who would stand as a surety as well someone who owns a landed property. ‘He is a consultant and manager of the place. He was charged to the mobile court yesterday but he has not met his bail conditions. He is still with them there in taskforce Oshodi. He has not met his bail conditions which includes One Million Naira, a traditional ruler and someone who owns a landed property. He is still looking for those ones.”Adejobi told LIB  Source Popular socialite, Mike Eze alias Pretty Mike has been arrested by operatives of the Lagos Police Command. He was arrested over alleged breaching of COVID-19 protocols by Cubana Nightclub. Eze is alleged to be a director in the Cubana group and had gone to the Bar Beach Police Division this… In "Features" Controversy has trailed the arraignment of a female doctor, Bolanle Aseyan, by the State Criminal Investigation and Intelligence Department, Yaba, for false rape accusation. The convener of the #EndSARS movement, Segun Awosanya, who posted a screenshot of the charge sheet on the social media, claimed that Aseyan was remanded in… In "News" By Maureen Ojinaka   Enugu   -    The Enugu State Police Command has arrested a 28-year-old man, Ifeanyi Odo, who hangs around court premises in the metropolis and swindle litigants by offering to help them perfect their bail conditions. The Command’s Spokesman, SP Ebere Amaraizu, said in Enugu on Friday that… In "Metro"