Chief Mrs. Eunice Aghanya, wife of a retired Deputy Inspector General (DIG) of Police, Mr. Ibe Aghanya, was Friday murdered at her residence in Makurdi, Benue State capital. Husband of the deceased told The Nation on phone that he left Makurdi few days ago only to receive a phone call that something strange has happened at my Makurdi residence. “I got a called that my wife’s car was outside and the gate was open. So it was strange.”  Aghanya, who served as Police Commissioner in Benue and Kogi States and later DIG in charge of Zone 2, before he retired, said he called his brother in Makurdi to go to the house and find out what had happened. “Initially when I got the news, I suspected kidnappers but later I was told that my wife was found in a pool of her own blood with a deep cut in the neck. The door was forced open. They killed her, locked her in the room and made away with the key. He told The Nation that the killing of his wife has nothing to do with his service in Benue State as police officer. Aghanya and his late wife lived all her life in Benue State. The Late Eunice was a business woman who, through her EunnyLand Bakery, gave many youths employments. The State Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), DSP Catherine Anene, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), that the victim was killed by unknown gunmen at her Makurdi residence, behind Kismet Hotel, yesterday afternoon. She said since the incident, investigations had been ongoing.  Source Mrs. Eunice Aghanya, wife of a former Commissioner of Police was Friday murdered in her residence in Makurdi, Benue state. Her husband, Mr.Aghanya, told The Nation on the phone that he left Makurdi a few days ago only to receive a phone call that something strange has happened in his… In "News" Victoria Wilcox, Ralph Wilcox A man who survived a near death experience after his houseboy killed his wife and almost took his own life has recounted the heartbreaking ordeal. Mr Ralph Wilcox, from Bonny LGA in Rivers State, revealed how tragedy befell his family on June 1, 2020. His wife,… In "News" Suspected Fulani herdsmen have invaded Mbanyiar community in the Guma Local Government Area of Benue State and raped three women including the district head’s wife. According to Punch, the tragic incident happened in the early hours of Thursday. A native of the community, who simply identified himself as Terka, said… In "News"