A 32-year-old man, Sunday Ojekale was on Thursday ordered to be remanded in Ilesha Correctional Center for allegedly marrying a second wife and threatening to kill his first wife. Sunday was dragged before an Osun State Magistrates’ Court, Osogbo on three counts of unlawful marriage, threatening to kill and refusing to provide care for his children. The police prosecutor, Inspector Elisha Olusegun, said, “the defendant on December 28th, 2019 at Christ Apostolic Church, Oke-Onitea, Osogbo having being married to one Funmilayo Oluwaseun Ojekale F’, and while she is still alive and without the marriage been dissolved or declared void by a court of competent jurisdiction, unlawfully married another wife- one Christiana Olujide. “He threatened to kill his wife and failed to provide necessary things for his children without lawful excuse.” He noted that the offence committed is contrary to sections 86, 339 and 370 of the Criminal Code Cap 34 Vol.ll Laws of Osun State of Nigeria, 2002. However, the defendant pleaded not guilty to the charges preferred against him by the police. The defendant’s counsel, Mr. R. I Alebiosu, made an oral bail application assuring the court to provide reliable sureties. Magistrate A. A Adeyeba declined the oral bail application, saying, he should file a formal bail application. He, therefore, ordered that the defendant be remanded in Ilesha Correctional Facility and adjourned the case to 23rd of March, 2021 for hearing. The Nation By Olawale Akinremi   Ibadan    -       Chief Ademola Odunade, the President of a Mapo Customary Court in Ibadan, on Wednesday dissolved the eight-year-old marriage between one Saheed Olodipupo and wife, Rashidat, over threat to life. Odunade ordered Saheed and Rashidat to maintain peace as any reported… In "Metro" By David Adeoye Ibadan -   A housewife, Kafayat Akinade, has approached a Grade C Customary Court at Agodi, Ibadan, to seek dissolution of her 13-year-old marriage over seizure of her monthly menstrual pad by her husband. Akinade told the court that her husband, Muideen Akinade, was in the habit… In "Metro" By Deborah Akpede Igando (Lagos State) - An Igando Customary Court in Lagos on Friday dissolved the union between a 58-year-old Islamic cleric, Ahmed Salisu, and his wife, Fatimo, on ground of adultery. The Court President, Mr Adeniyi Koledoye, said that the court was left with no option than to… In "News"