The National Secretary of the Congress for Progressive Change (CPC) party, Buba Galadima, has lamented about the high spate of insecurity in the country.  Galadima said if bandits coordinate themselves properly, they will take over the Nigerian government. Speaking exclusively with DAILY POST, the elder statesman anchored his claims on the belief that the Federal Government was treating the issue of banditry and kidnapping with “kid gloves.” According to Galadima: “The Federal government treats this matter with kid gloves. If bandits are well coordinated, they can take over the government of Nigeria. “So this is a serious matter which government should give due consideration and the rate it’s going, this thing may consume all of us. “You can see that the former set of Service Chiefs that just left the office lacked coordination, and this allowed this issue to flourish. Even now, if the Service Chiefs do not come together, the problem will not go away. These bandits, we are told, move in batches of 100 to 200 motorcycles in the night. What stops the Air Force from bombing them, but you cannot do that If you do not take over the territory. “In the case of this war in Nigeria, all the security forces are on the defence. It’s when they are attacked that they react,” he said. The activities of bandits have increased lately, with Niger, Katsina, Kebbi and Kaduna States being the most affected. These bandits abducted several students and residents. While those affected in other states have been released, those abducted in Kaduna are still in captivity.  Source •Sheik Gumi The recent abduction of 27 pupils and 15 workers of Government Science College, Kagara, Niger State by armed bandits is another demonstration of the dilapidated state of security in Nigeria and the Nigerian State's failure to secure the lives and ensure the safety of her citizens. According to… In "Column - Monday" By YUSHA’U ADAMU IBRAHIM & HABIBU UMAR AMINU KATSINA - It was a terrifying moment for residents of Yankara village in Faskari Local Government Area of Katsina State when dozens of armed bandits stormed the village and kidnapped a bride-to-be and her best friend 48 hours to her wedding Fatiha.… In "Metro" By Emmanuel Mogbede Abuja -  Mr Adams Oshiomhole, the All Progressives Congress (APC) National Chairman, has said that the APC leadership will rather ignore members of the Reformed-APC than be bothered by their action. He stated this on Friday in Abuja when Chairmen of the defunct Congress for Progressives Congress… In "Politics"