Former Kogi West Senator, Dino Melaye, has carpeted the President Muhammadu Buhari-led administration. He described Buhari’s administration as the “greatest scam that came out of Africa”. He spoke on the Channels TV programme Politics on Saturday, monitored by The Nation. Melaye who represented Kogi West in the Senate between 2015 and 2019, said he regretted supporting Buhari’s candidacy in 2015 when he was a member of the ruling APC. He however noted that the PDP, has better chances of winning the 2023 presidential elections. Melaye said, “To start with, I apologise to God Almighty who is the Supreme Controller of the universe and to Nigerians for supporting Buhari. The Buhari agenda is the greatest scam that came out of Africa. The Buhari presidency in 2015 is the greatest scam that came out of Africa because the subject-matter Buhari is the greatest con that came out of Africa.” Melaye further said he regrets playing a part in bringing the present administration to power. “Once I was blind, now I can see. How can one remain in a political party or support a president with what is happening today in Nigeria? How? So, I regret very seriously because we were scammed.” He stressed that the ruling APC is not a party to be reckoned with, arguing that the leading party lacks structure in which a nation can progress politically. Melaye said, “I spoke like this even when I was a member of the APC and because I am a Christian and the Bible is superior to the constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria and it talks about unequal yokes, darkness and light don’t concur, so I had to leave the party.” The Nation By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Federal lawmaker representing Kogi West, Senator Dino Melaye has slammed president Muhammadu Buhari over his reaction to the attack against Nigerians in South Africa, wondering why Buhari was not once a general. Senator Dino Melaye Dino expressed his surprise in response to President… In "Top Stories" The Senator representing Kogi West, Senator Dino Melaye has apologized for marketing President Muhammadu Buhari to Nigerians in 2015. Speaking on AIT’s The Weekend, Senator Melaye regretted his membership of the All Progressives Congress (APC). “I regretted being a member of the APC. I apologize to Nigerians for marketing President… In "Top Stories" Abuja - President Buhari's aide, Lauretta Onochie has taken to her social media page to mock embattled senator Dino Melaye who recently lost the Kogi West senatorial seat to Smart Adeyemi, although she didn't mention his name.  In her Tweet, Onochie wrote, 'Congrats To The Newest Senator In Town. How To… In "Entertainment"