Doctors in the country have given the federal government conditions to meet before they can go back on the planned strike as the 60-day ultimatum by the National Association of Resident Doctors (NARD), to press home its demands, expires today, March 31, 2021.  The doctors have scheduled a nationwide strike to begin tomorrow, April 1. The doctors listed four demands that must be met by the Federal Government to shelve their planned action. NARD President Dr. Uyilawa Okhuaihesuyi confirmed slated meetings with Labour and Employment Minister Dr. Chris Ngige and the Senate Committee on Health. The conditions listed by the doctors are: full payment of salaries of all House Officers and Residents on the GIFMIS platform; upward review of hazard allowance from N5, 000 to 50 per cent of consolidated basic salaries of all health workers and the immediate payment of 2019, balance of 2020 and 2021 Medical Residency Training Funds (MRTF). The doctors also demanded the issuance of vouchers to the families and loved ones of doctors who lost their lives in service, especially those on the frontline of the battle against the COVID-19 pandemic and other infectious diseases, according to The Nation. Okhuaihesuyi said the listed conditions “are considered prime among other demands.” Confirming the moves by stakeholders to avert the strike, he said: “I was called by the Minister of Labour, Chris Ngige, and we will have a meeting with him tomorrow (today) by 3pm. I was in a meeting with the House of Representatives Committee on Healthcare Chairman Tanko Sununu on Monday. “We will also have a meeting with the Senate Committee on Health Wednesday by 11am. We look forward to seeing them and we are hopeful that we can get some of our demands.” The Labour and Employment minister also confirmed the meeting with NARD’s leadership at his ministry’s Conference Room. Ngige said his team would hold a separate meeting with the Federal Ministry of Health and the Medical and Dental Council of Nigeria before the meeting with the NARD.  Source By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - The Minister of Labour and Employment, Dr Chris Ngige, on Friday in Abuja updated President Muhammadu Buhari on developments regarding the ongoing industrial action by National Association of Resident Doctors (NARD). The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the Ngige was accompanied by Ministers… In "Health" By Ismaila Chafe Abuja -The Federal Government has released the sum of N4.5 billion to 31 Federal Teaching and Medical Centres across the country, and earmarked N9billion for payment of insurance claims.Labour and Employment Minister, Dr Chris Ngige, announced this when he alongside Health Minister, Dr Osagie Ehanire, briefed State… In "Health" By Joan Nwagwu Abuja - The meeting between the Federal Government and the members of the National Association of Resident Doctors (NARD) has ended in deadlock. NARD had embarked on nationwide strike on Monday to press home its demands for payment of hazard allowance, group life insurance, payment of minimum… In "News"