President Muhammadu Buhari has ordered 6,000 troops to Zamfara state.  This is to help complement the efforts of the current security forces in the state.  This was disclosed by the governor of the state, Bello Matawalle, who also revealed that the movement of motorcycles in large numbers has been banned in the state. Matawalle who shared on Twitter also warned that any politician that incites violence and endangers the security of the state will be apprehended and dealt with. He said, “@MBuhari has approved the deployment of 6,000 troops to complement efforts of the current security forces in the state. “As a further push to bring to an end the activities of armed bandits, Conveyance of more than two persons on a motorcycle is hereby banned with immediate effect “Movement of motorcycles in large numbers is banned, spreading fake news by social media users will not be tolerated, anyone found in this act will be dealt with decisively. Traditional rulers and sole administrators of LG council are to always remain in their respective domains. “Any politician that incites violence and endangers the security of the state will be apprehended and dealt with. Security agents are directed to arrest and arraign violators for prosecution.” Zamfara recently had close to 300 schoolgirls abducted by bandits who stormed their school on motorcycles and whisked them away into the forest. The girls have since been released.  Source Aerial supply of arms, ammunition and food to bandits is a major reason for the imposition of ‘no fly zone’ order on Zamfara State, it was learnt on Wednesday.Besides, helicopters are also used to illegally transport gold mineral from the state. The Federal Government slammed the “no fly” order on… In "Top Stories" By Abubakar Ahmed GUSAU - Governor Bello Matawalle of Zamfara State has received 14 AK47 rifles and 10,000 live ammunition recovered from bandits by troops of  Operation Hadarin Daji (OPHD).Brig.-Gen. Aminu Bande, Commander of the OPHD handed the firearms to the governor at the Operation’s headquarters in Gusau.Bande, who is… In "Top Stories" By Abubakar Ahmed Gusau - The renewed onslaught against armed bandits in Zamfara by the military under Operation Hadarin Daji (OPHD) is gaining momentum and has disorganised the hoodlums. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the hoodlums had been giving residents of the state sleepless nights for about… In "News"