The Inspector-General of Police (IGP) Muhammed Adamu has set up a Special Investigation Task Force to further probe the attack on Benue Governor Samuel Ortom.  The team led by the Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP) Abba Kyari has already arrived in Makurdi, the Benue State capital. A statement on Sunday by the Force Public Relations Officer, CP Frank Mba, said Kyari is expected to takeover over and consolidate all on-going investigation into the matter. The IGP last Sunday ordered immediate deployment of a team of specialised investigators from the Force Criminal Investigations Department (FCID) Abuja to Benue State. The deployment, according to the IGP is to provide additional investigative support to the Benue State Police Command, following the attack on Ortom by some people he identified as herders on his farm at Tyo-mu on the Makurdi-Gboko road. The statement reads in parts: “The team, led by DCP Abba Kyari – a no-nonsense investigator – consists of operatives from the Tactical Investigation Units of the Force Intelligence Bureau (FIB) and other experienced, crack detectives with specialized competencies in crime scene investigation and reconstruction, ballistics, fingerprint analysis and other core areas of forensics. “The team is expected to take over and consolidate all on-going investigation into the incident. The Team is also expected to investigate all angles of the reported attack with a view to ensuring that all persons empirically linked to the incident are apprehended and brought to book.”  Source The Inspector–General of Police (IGP) Muhammed Adamu on Sunday ordered immediate deployment of a team of specialised investigators from the Force Criminal Investigations Department (FCID), Abuja to Benue State. The deployment, according to the IGP, is to provide additional investigative support to Benue Police Command following the attack on Governor… In "News" Prominent groups in the country, including the Middle Belt Forum, the Arewa Consultative Forum and the Northern Governors’ Forum on Sunday condemned Saturday’s assassination attempt on the Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom. As the groups, in separate interviews with The PUNCH, condemned the attack, the Inspector-General of Police, Mohammed Adamu,… In "News" The President of Nigeria, Muhammadu Buhari has condemned attack on Benue Governor, Samuel Ortom by some unknown gunmen. Buhari condemned the attack on Sunday describing it as unacceptable, warning, however, that the incident should not be politicised. Buhari who said an attack on any Nigerian is an attack on all… In "News"