Gunmen have abducted three sisters from a family in Eteh – Okofi community in Kogi-Koton Karfe Local Government Council of Kogi State. A member of the victims’ family, who preferred anonymity, said the incident happened in the early hours of Tuesday. He said the gunmen went straight into the bedroom where the three sisters were sleeping, woke them up and marched them into the bush. “You know, the three of them were sleeping in one room… it was a strange sound that one of the brothers heard and decided to open the door to find out what was happening. They started shooting into the air and by then, they already held the sisters,” he said. He said the family has been able to establish contact with the kidnappers, who have demanded N100 million in ransom. “Actually, a contact was established this afternoon, just at about 30 minutes ago… they were demanding for N100 million ransom, but negotiation is still ongoing,” he said. The Chairman of Kogi-Koton Karfe Council, Isah Abdulkarim, confirmed the incident but said he was yet to get details about the kidnap incident. ASP Williams Ayah, spokesman of the Kogi State Police Command, neither answered calls nor replied a text message sent to his phone over the development. (Daily Trust) A Magistrate with Kogi State Judiciary, Mr Sam Unwuchola, has been abducted by unknown gunmen on Ajaokuta-Lokoja road. An eye-witness who prefers anonymity, told DAILY POST that the magistrate who was returning from Onyedega, his station, in company of a friend, was kidnapped at Jimgbe, near Salem University, Lokoja at… In "Top Stories" By Ibrahim Bello Birnin Kebbi - Gunmen that killed a businessman and abducted his daughter-in-law in Kebbi, have demanded N100 million ransom from the family for the release of the woman. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that gunmen on June 28 killed Alhaji Yusuf Garkar-Bore, a businessman in… In "Metro" The elder brother of Governor Bala Mohammed of Bauchi State, Alhaji Adamu Mohammed Duguri, has recounted his ordeals in the hands of kidnappers. He declared that N50 million ransom was paid to secure his release. Duguri, who regained freedom after spending 13 days in kidnappers’ den, said security agents had… In "News"