The new service chiefs appointed by President Muhammadu Buhari have been confirmed by the senate.  The Senate confirmed the new service chiefs on Tuesday after the consideration of the report of the Committee on Defence which recommended their confirmation.  The Senate President, Ahmad Lawan, had on Wednesday, penultimate week, referred the request of the President, Major General, Muhammadu Buhari, (retd.), for the confirmation of the new service chiefs, to the committee on Defence. Lawan, gave the committee, led by Senator Aliyu Wamakko, two weeks to carry out their assignments and report to the Senate in plenary. The Senate confirmed their appointments both at the committee of the whole and at plenary on Tuesday following the Wamakko report’s consideration The new service chiefs are: Maj. Gen. Lucky Eluonye Onyenuchea lrabor as Chief of Defence Staff; Maj. Gen. Ibrahim Attahiru (Chief of Army Staff); Rear Admiral Awwal Zubairu Gambo, (Chief of Naval Staff); and Air Vice Marshal Isiaka O. Amao as Chief of Air staff. They replaced the former Chief of Defence Staff, General Abayomi Olonisakin; Chief of Army Staff, Lt-Gen. Tukur Buratai; Chief of Naval Staff, Vice Admiral Ibok Ekwe Ibas; and Chief of Air Staff, Air Marshal Sadique Abubakar. Lawan asked the new service chiefs to take the war to the bandits and insurgents and dislodge them in their strongholds.  Source By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate has received a formal request from President Muhammadu Buhari for the confirmation of the newly appointed Chief of Defence Staff and Service Chiefs. The request which was contained in a letter dated 27th January, 2021, was read by the Senate President,… In "Top Stories" Abuja - The Senate on Tuesday announced the receipt of a letter from President Muhammadu Buhari, requesting the confirmation of Service Chiefs, recently appointed by him. President of the Senate, Bukola Saraki, read the letter at plenary as the Red Chamber resumed after five weeds recess. Saraki said that the… In "News" Abuja - The Senate on Tuesday confirmed the appointment of service chiefs recently appointed by President Muhammadu Buhari. The service chiefs, who were confirmed after a four-and-half hour screening, were urged to tackle the problem of insecurity and oil theft, among others. In his remarks, the President of the Senate,… In "News"