The Office of Communications (Ofcom) in the United Kingdom has fined a religious channel, Loveworld, owned by popular Nigerian cleric, Chris Oyakhilome. A statement obtained by The Nation on March 31, explained that the station was fined £125,000 (N65.6m) for breaching the country’s broadcasting code by disseminating misinformation on COVID-19. According to Ofcom, it was the second time that the broadcaster breached its rules on accuracy in news, and harm in its coverage of the Coronavirus. Ofcom noted that the inaccurate and potentially harmful claims made during the programme were unsupported by any factual evidence and went entirely without challenge. The statement read in part, “Ofcom has imposed a financial penalty of £125,000 on Loveworld Limited after a programme broadcast on its religious service Loveworld Television Network featured inaccurate and potentially harmful claims about the Coronavirus without providing adequate protection for viewers. “Ofcom considered these breaches to be serious, repeated and reckless, warranting the imposition of a statutory sanction beyond the direction to broadcast a statement of our findings that Ofcom issued in its Decision published 15 January 2021. “Ofcom’s investigation found that the 29-hour programme, Global Day of Prayer, included statements claiming that the pandemic is a “planned” event created by the “deep state” for nefarious purposes, and that the vaccine is a “sinister” means of administering “nanochips” to control and harm people. “Some statements claimed that fraudulent testing had been carried out to deceive the public about the existence of the virus and the scale of the pandemic. Others linked the cause of Covid-19 to the roll out of 5G technology,” the statement added. The Nation Nigerian Pastor, Chris Oyakhilome and his religious channel, Loveworld has been fined N65.6 million by the United Kingdom's Office of Communications better known as Ofcom. Ofcom said in a statement that the station was fined £125,000 (N65.6m) for breaching the country’s broadcasting code by disseminating misinformation on COVID-19. The statement… In "News" Due to the coronavirus pandemic, the Federal Government has imposed a ban on religious gatherings, something that doesn’t go down well with Pastor Chris Oyakhilome. Chris Oyakhilome the founder and president of LoveWorld Incorporated, also known as Christ Embassy, has called out pastors who are in support of the church… In "News" A medical doctor with the Federal Medical Centre, Makurdi, Benue State, Ifegbike Kalu, on Friday warned that constant washing of hands, wearing facemasks could make one susceptible to COVID-19. Dr Kalu spoke in while reacting to claims by Pastor Chris Oyakhilome of LoveWorld Incorporated that the use of face mask… In "Health"