Oyo State governor, Engr. Seyi Makinde on Saturday disclosed that no governor in the state has ever handed over to his successor after the expiration of their tenure in office. Makinde while speaking during the Inauguration and Duty Commencement Service of the 8th President of Christ Apostolic Church Worldwide, held at the CAC International Headquarters, Ibadan promised that he would be the first governor in the state to hand over to his successor. He said, “No governor has ever handed over to his successor in this state, Baba Lam Adeshina didn’t hand over to his successor, former governor Ladoja, Ladoja didn’t hand over to former governor Adebayo Alao Akala, Akala didn’t hand over to Abiola Ajimobi, and Ajimobi also didn’t hand over to me, but am standing in front of the altar of God, I will be the first governor to hand over to my successor.” Makinde however commended the smooth process that led to the inauguration of the new CAC President, saying that though Nigeria is at the cross road, but priority of all Nigerians should be how to end crisis of division in the nation. The Nation To the chagrin of all, the headlines hit the airwaves on Tuesday November 12, 2019 reading- “Confusion in Oyo over Appeal Court ruling.” It was a shock find for millions of residents and indigenes of Oyo State and observers of activities in the Pacesetter State since the close of the… In "Opinion" Following the now-viral news that newly elected governor of Oyo State, Seyi Makinde, has made public his asset which amounts to N48b, Nigerians have reacted. Nigerians while reacting have hailed him for being the first governor of the state to tow that path. What Nigerians are saying: https://twitter.com/akaebube/status/1151051201498308608?s=19 https://twitter.com/dondekojo/status/1150864741839056896?s=19 https://twitter.com/SimplyTEEWHY/status/1151064816846553088?s=19… In "Social Media Feeds" President Muhammadu Buhari, Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, 29 governors and their deputies will take their oath of office today. However, some of the outgoing governors have already handed over the baton of leadership to their successors ahead of time. President Buhari and his running mate Osinbajo of the All Progressives… In "Top Stories"