Three members of the Odua Peoples Congress were on Sunday detained after they arrested notorious Fulani warlord, Iskilu Wakili.  Wakili was arrested by OPC members on Sunday morning.  The police confirmed this in a press statement on Sunday, warning that people who engage in criminal activities would not be spared in the state. The statement titled, ‘Oyo police assures of diligent prosecution of suspected criminals’, was signed by Ogun Police Public Relations Officer, Fadeyi Olugbenga. OPC sector coordinator, Adedeji Oluwole, had raised the alarm that three of OPC operatives were detained for allegedly arresting notorious Wakili, who has been accused of sundry crimes in the Ayete area of Ibarapaland in the state. But the police said the three OPC members were detained for alleged murder and arson. It alleged that one person died in the process of arresting Wakili, adding that the warlord’s house was also set ablaze. Part of the statement read, “The State Commissioner of Police has quickly moved into action and preliminary findings revealed that some OPC members went to Kajola community in Ibarapa North Local government Area of Oyo State. “While there, the house of the Wakili in question was set ablaze, while a female (the identity of who is yet to be ascertained) was burnt in the fire and Wakili (about 75 years old and blind) with two other persons were picked up. “The three of them are presently in the custody of the Police. The Commissioner of Police has directed that Wakili (due to his frail appearance and state of health), be moved to the Hospital, while others are being interrogated. Others being interrogated are the OPC members, involved in arson and murder. “Meanwhile, the Oyo State Police Command wishes to inform the general public that any person or group of persons from any region or tribe that has been found culpable to have committed any criminal act (s) in the State would not be spared, but would be arrested and dealt with according to extant laws. “Therefore, it is worthy of note that the good people of Oyo State and the general public should rest assured that the officers and men in the Command would not derelict in its duty to bring to book criminal elements arrested for any infringement on the laws of the land, as adequate security measures have been emplaced against anything untoward while soliciting credible information from members of the public to enable the Police and other Security Agencies clampdown on crime and criminality in the State.”  Source •Iskilu Wakili The Oodua Peoples Congress, on Sunday, narrated how its men arrested notorious Fulani bandit, Iskilu Wakili who terrorised Ayete and neighbouring villages in Ibarapaland, Oyo State. Speaking in an interview with The PUNCH on Sunday, Adedeji Oluwole, the OPC sector coordinator, who led his operatives and other vigilante groups to… In "Top Stories" The Oodua Peoples Congress, on Sunday, said the men of Nigeria Police Force in the Oyo State detained three OPC operatives for arresting notorious Fulani warlord Iskilu Wakili, who has been accused of sundry crimes in the Ayete area of Ibarapaland in the state. The PUNCH had reported that farmers… In "News" A joint team of Ibarapa security operatives, including Oodua Peoples Congress, Vigilante, and other groups have arrested the notorious Fulani warlord terrorising Oyo communities, Iskilu Wakili. The PUNCH gathered that Wakili was arrested after several attempts resulting in a gun battle. There had been reports that Wakili and his gang… In "News"