Kaduna State government has confirmed that bandits shot at the official vehicle of Emir of Birnin-Gwari around the Zonkoro axis of the Kaduna-Birnin Gwari road, within Chikun local.  The State Commissioner of Internal Security and Home Affairs, Samuel Aruwan confirmed the incident in a statement, saying that, the incident happened at about 4:30pm on Tuesday. The commissioner said only the driver, Umar Jibrin, and an orderly, Inspector Sani Yahaya, were in the vehicle, on their way to Kaduna. The Emir was in Kaduna at the time of the attack. “No life was lost, and the Emirate Council relayed details of the incident to the Kaduna State Government,” Aruwan added. Besides, the Commissioner said Security agencies have reported several notable incidences across the State within the last 48 hours. In another incident, the commissioner said armed robbers barricaded a bridge leading to Kitansa village, Kauru LGA and shot dead one Danladi Goriye, while another, Sunday Garba sustained gunshot wounds. Similarly, he said armed bandits barricaded the Buruku-Mando road, Igabi LGA and opened fire on vehicles plying the road. One Abdullahi Baballe, a resident of Lema area in Mando, was killed. According to him, “Yesterday, Tuesday 16th March 2021, in Kiffin Chawai District, Kauru Local Government Area, troops of Operation Safe Haven rescued two travelers, Ismail Haruna and Isa Mohammed, who had been attacked by a mob of youths in the area. “The two persons were on their way from Bassa Local Government Area in Plateau State, to Marwa village, in Bakin Kogi, Kauru LGA, when they were intercepted by the youths who attempted to lynch them. The timely intervention of the troops prevented this, and the two travelers were duly rescued. “In another incident, troops of Operation Safe Haven apprehended a suspected bandit informant, Muhammad Sani Abubakar, at Apyimbuu village, Zangon Kataf local government area. The suspect has been handed over to the Police for further investigation. “In another development, troops of Operation Thunder Strike neutralized two bandits during a raid at a suspected bandit camp called Rafin Rikamba in Chikun LGA. Other bandits are suspected to have escaped with Gunshot wounds. “A kidnapped truck driver escaped from the bandits during the raid. “Furthermore, Police personnel intercepted two suspects, Abdullahi Samaila and Adamu Samaila, brothers, from Toro, Bauchi State, along the Kaduna-Saminaka road with 150 rounds of 7.62mm ammunition concealed in the door of their vehicle. “The suspects confessed to supplying ammunition to three previously arrested suspects, Marcus Danladi, Danjuma Dachi and Ibrahim Haruna (arrested in late February) from Plateau State for onward supply to one Usman aka Gurgu in Kaduna State. “The trio were arrested with 1,565 rounds of ammunition on February 28th. Following that, one Suleiman Tukur and his son, Shuaibu Suleiman, were arrested in Karahi as part of the same syndicate. They were in possession of 231 rounds. “The most recently arrested suspects attempted to escape, and in the process, Adamu Samaila was fatally wounded and was confirmed dead in hospital. Abdullahi Samaila was injured on his right leg. “Efforts to arrest other members of the gang are ongoing. “Governor Nasir El-Rufai received the reports with thanks, and extended his sympathy to the Emir of Birnin Gwari over the attack on his vehicle. He also sent condolences to the families of those killed by bandits, and prayed for the repose of the victims’ souls. “Furthermore, the Governor commended troops and personnel for the successful arrests of suspects and gun runners, as well as the engagement of bandits in clearance operations,” Aruwan said.  Source Bandits have killed three persons in Mariri District of Lere Local Government and Randagi village of Birnin-Gwari Local Government area of Kaduna. Commissioner for Internal Security and Home Affairs, Samuel Aruwan confirmed the development in a statement on Tuesday. He said the military under the auspices of Operation Safe Haven… In "News" Gunmen have killed Terkula Suswam, the elder brother of former Benue State Governor Gabriel Suswam. They also killed his aide in an attack that occurred at Anyiin in Gaambetiev of Logo Local Government Area at about 8.40 pm. An eyewitness said the late Suswam was working outside his compound when… In "News" Some gunmen have attacked four communities in Shiroro council area of Niger State, killing 21 persons and abducting about 40, it was learnt on Tuesday. Sources said that over 100 bandits attacked Kurebe, Sabon Gida, Sararai and Rafin Kanya at different times on Monday evening. Many were injured in the… In "News"