According to Governor Abdullahi Sule, when the communities in Nasarawa are alerted about the arrival of bandits, they rise to the occasion and fight them.  Sule revealed this while appearing on a Channels Television programme on Tuesday March 2. He noted that grazing reserves in the north have become a hideout for bandits, but added that if such areas are put to good use, persons with criminal intentions will have nowhere to hide. Governor Sule said; “Everyone has their own approach to security challenges. What we do in Nasarawa is that the moment we see the bandits coming in, we actually alert our people; we let them know. And then, the communities actually rise up to the occasion and they also fight them. “We’re coming up with plans that will reduce all these crises. Most of these grazing reserves today that are not utilised, especially here in the north, have become hideouts for some of these bandits. By the time we utilise them, we will put some of these bandits under check; they’ll have no place to go to.” On efforts of Northern leaders to tackle insecurity, Sule said; “Every time we say something, we try to provide solutions. Just last week, we had a meeting for two days of the northern governors — the northern elders forum was there; the Arewa consultative forum was there; our traditional rulers were there. Everybody was there to give their own solution. “So, it is not that the leaders are sleeping. The leaders are up to the task. They are working day and night, but you see, these criminals are hit and run. They are not criminals that confront you. When they carry out an activity, say in Nasarawa, before morning, on motorcycles, they have already passed Niger and are somewhere in Zamfara or Katsina.”  Source The upper chamber of the National Assembly also berated governors negotiating with bandits, saying such negotiations were fuelling banditry. The senators stated these on Wednesday during an extensive debate on a motion by the Deputy Senate Leader, Ajayi Boroffice, on the growing insecurity in all parts of the country. In… In "Features" Northern Nigeria is wide awake today because the backwardness of the region is gradually catching up with the political class who have ignored the abject poverty in the region. The millions of Almajiri and the large tribe of beggars on Nigerian streets are mainly from the North. The North contributes… In "Opinion" Tired of the incessant attacks and raids on their communities by bandits, the people of Niger State have decided to forgo the option of looking up to the military, police and other security agencies for rescue. Rather, the affected communities have resorted to bringing in spiritualists who they believe would… In "News"