By GARBA MUHAMMAD, Kaduna Persons suspected to be bandits and armed with dangerous weapons are said to have attacked the staff quarters of the Federal Airport Authority of Nigeria (FAAN) at Kaduna International Airport. It is not yet clear how they gained access into the quarters but residents of the village bordering the airport said some staff of FAAN living in the quarters who managed to escape reported that some staff with their families have been abducted by the bandits. One of them, Abubakar Sani, put the number of those abducted at 11, among them a staffer of the Nigerian Airspace Management Agency (NAMA), with his entire family, and a wife and kid of a staffer of the Nigeria Meteorological Agency (NiMET). “Two houses were attacked inside the quarters and they later moved to the airside of the airport around 2am today (Saturday). “The situation is as bad as that. Many of us the villagers have left the village and have evacuated their families this morning. Even the remaining airport staff are leaving for a safe place. The kind of gunshots we heard is very scary,” a staffer of one of the agencies, who pleaded anonymity, said. When contacted, ASP Mohammed Jalige, Spokesperson, Kaduna State Police Command, said he was not aware of the attack but would make findings. “I am attending a programme now. I will make my inquiries and get back to you later in the afternoon,” he said. An official of FAAN who insisted he would not want his name mentioned because he does not have the official permission to do so, confirmed the attack. “Yes, there was an attack by bandits at the airport quarters around 2am. There was an exchange of fire between the bandits with a combined team of the army and air force operatives. “They abducted 11 staff of some agencies, including their families. It is not true; the bandits did not attack any part of the main airport – they only fled through a section during the exchange. “Our national headquarters may give official statement anytime,” the official said. By John Gabriel Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Federal Airport Authority of Nigeria (FAAN) on Saturday, in Kaduna, advised its staff to stay off early and late movement on the road leading to Kaduna International Airport due to the current state of insecurity on the route. It said the airport… In "Top Stories" Bandits have burnt down the Holy Family Catholic Church, and two houses in Kikwari village, Kajuru council area of Kaduna State. Another set of gunmen also invaded Baka village in Igabi council area and killed two persons. Commissioner for Internal Security and Home Affairs Samuel Aruwan said in a statement… In "Features" ZARIA - In what seems fast becoming a sort of epidemic, bandits again struck in the far north this time at Ahmadu Bello University (ABU), one of Nigeria’s premier universities where they spirited away an entire family from the staff quarters in Zaria. In the daredevil attack, which is becoming… In "Metro"