Controversial rapper, Kanye West is now worth $6.6 billion, making him the richest Black man in U.S. history.  The 43-year-old’s worth is led by his Yeezy line which is now in partnership with Adidas AG and Gap Inc, with the business valued between $3.2 billion and $4.7 billion. According to Bloomberg, the upcoming collaboration between Yeezy and Gap – which is set to hit stores this summer “could be worth as much as $970 million of that total” with additional income coming from his music catalog, cash, stocks and business investments such as estranged wife Kim Kardashian’s SKIMS underwear brand. As well as having $1.7 billion in other assets, ‘Ye has $110 million from his music catalogue and $122 million in cash. West currently has full ownership and creative control of the Yeezy brand by himself after he previously signed a 10-year agreement to design and sell clothes under the Yeezy Gap label last year, Bloomberg adds. Citing the document obtained by their outlet, Bloomberg noted that the new Gap line is expected “to break $150 million in sales in its first full year in 2022.” News of Kanye’s worth comes days after his 22nd Grammy win for Best Contemporary Christian Music Album for his LP Jesus Is King. It also comes amid his split with estranged wife Kim Kardashian, who filed for divorce last month. The couple share four children: daughters North, 7½, and Chicago, 3, and sons Saint, 5, and Psalm, who will turn 2 in May.  Source Rapper, Kanye West went off on a Twitter rant on Monday July 20, calling out his wife Kim Kardashian and mother-in-law, Kris Jenner. In series of tweets he shared, the rapper accused Kim and Jenner of trying to lock him up. He also compared his life to the movie Get… In "Foreign" Los Angeles   -   More than 20 million viewers watched rapper and fashion designer, Kanye West, put his own twist on a New York Fashion Week runway show on Thursday. This was at the debut of a new album and clothing collection at famed music venue, Madison Square Garden.… In "Entertainment" Los Angeles - Ventures backed by big-name entertainers Kanye West and Francis Ford Coppola were among those approved for loans under a U.S. government programme to help businesses survive the Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic, according to a list released on Monday. Billionaire rapper West’s clothing brand Yeezy received clearance for a… In "Foreign"