The government of Nigeria has tendered an apology to Nigerians on Friday over the confusion surrounding the latest fuel price increment.  Speaking at the groundbreaking for the Rungas composite cylinder manufacturing plant in Alaro City Free Zone, Epe, the Minister of State for Petroleum Resources, Mr Timipreye Sylva, apologised to Nigerians explaining that it was a mix-up. He urged Nigerians to disregard the increase. Meanwhile, the Petroleum Products Pricing Regulatory Agency, PPPRA, has declared that its publication of monthly template, does not amount to increasing the price of petroleum products, as such increases are supposed to be determined by market forces, under the current deregulation of the sector. In a statement obtained by Vanguard, Friday, Executive Secretary, PPPRA, Abdulkadir Saidu, stated: “The attention of the Petroleum Products Pricing Regulatory Agency (PPPRA) has been drawn to speculations about the increased pump price of PMS. “The PPPRA by this release wishes to state clearly that the Guiding Prices posted on our website was only indicative of current market trends and do not translate to an increase in the pump price of PMS. However, publications by the media to this effect have been misconstrued and thus misleading. “The Agency wishes to remind the general public of the introduction of the Market-Based Pricing Regime for PMS Regulation 2020 as gazetted by the Federal Government. Based on this regulation, prices are expected to be determined by market realities in line with the dictates of market forces.” He stated: “One of the conditions for the implementation of the Market-Based Pricing Regime for PMS Regulation 2020 is the monthly release of Guiding Price to reflect current market fundamentals. “The PPPRA in line with its mandate to maintain constant surveillance overall key indices relevant to pricing policy, monitors market trends on a daily basis to determine Guiding Prices. “The Agency is not unaware of the challenges with the supply of PMS due to some concerns leading NNPC to be the sole importer of PMS. PPPRA is also mindful of the current discussion going on between the government and the Organised Labour on the deregulation policy. While consultation with relevant stakeholders is ongoing, PPPRA does not fix or announce prices and therefore there is no price increase. The current PMS price is being maintained while consultations are being concluded.” He added: “Even though market fundamentals for PMS in the past few months indicated upward price trends, the pump price has remained the same and we are currently monitoring the situation across retail outlets nationwide. While assuring the public of adequate products supply as the average PMS Day-Sufficiency as of March 11, 2021, is over 35 days, the PPPRA pledges to continue to perform its statutory function in ensuring that the downstream sector remains vibrant as well as support both government and members of the public. Source ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) on Tuesday warned President Muhammadu Buhari against removing fuel subsidy through the back door. The Congress particularly pointed out that the vacillations and flip flops from the Federal Government are not only designed to confuse Nigerians, but to pave the way… In "News" Motorists and commuters in Abuja and Lagos woke up to a rude shock on Sunday morning to find most filling stations shut, with few others operating swamped by scores of vehicles on long queues waiting to buy petrol.When Daily Sun went around Abuja metropolis, it was only the Nigerian National… In "News" By Yetunde Bada Abuja -   The Federal Government on Tuesday, urged Nigerians to embrace the concept of developing bio-fuels for everyday use to reduce over-dependence on imports of petroleum products. Dr Ibe Kachikwu, Minister of State for Petroleum Resources, gave the advice in Abuja at a sensitisation workshop, organised… In "News"