The African Giant, Burna Boy, has made another great stride less than a week after winning his first-ever Grammy Award. The superstar has collaborated with Canadian singing superstar, Justin Bieber, to deliver the hit song, Loved By You, to the delight of their teeming fans.  The song is on Beiber’s sixth album, Justice, which was released on Friday, March 19, 2021, with Burna Boy’s feature on Track 14. So far, the Canadian superstar is currently trending on Nigerian Twitter space over the release of his latest project, Justice, which has become a favourite among music lovers.  Nigerians on Twitter are hailing Grammy Award-winning singer, Burna Boy, for his verse on the song, Loved By You. The song is co-produced by Nigerian music producer, Leriq. The ecstatic music producer, in a tweet in March, noted that he was honoured to be a part of the project. Leriq tweeted, “Honored to have co-produced the @justinbieberX@burnaboy track!! Supa stoked to be part of this !! #JUSTICE #3/19 #calltheparamedic ” A Twitter user, Sophia, with the handle @90sSophie, noted that Burna Boy almost outshone Bieber on his song. She tweeted, “King Burna boy almost chance Justin Bieber on his song ‘Loved by you’. No give Odogwu free role oh.”(sic) After listening to the song, Numen LA’BODE, with the handle @ItzLabode, noted that Burna Boy truly deserved the Grammy award. She tweeted, “Have you listened to “Loved by you” by Justin Bieber ft Burna Boy? Omo!!!! Burna truly need no explanation on why he won a grammy! If you are good you are Good!” For Twitter user, YungLaFlame, with the handle @YungLaFlame8, Loved By You is definitely the best song on the album simply because of Burna Boy’s feature. “That new Justin Bieber and Burna Boy is definitely the best song on the album #JUSTICE.”  Another Twitter user @michael_mickyt, wrote, “I love this new album of Justin Bieber and most especially the track he featured Burna Boy, Odogwu really did well in that track.” More so, Nigerians also felt that the verse given to Burna Boy was too short based on his beautiful delivery on the song. Burna Boys verse was less than 30 seconds but it made the desired impact. @Filaman19 tweeted. “Burna boy verse on Justin Bieber Justice Album is too short. We go manage am like that.” Popular Nigerian singer, Davido has congratulated his colleagues, Burna Boy and Wizkid as they both bagged a Grammy award last night. The 28-year-old singer reacted to Burna Boy and Wizkid wins hours after the 63rd edition of the awards ceremony hosted by Trevor Noah on Sunday, March 14, in the… In "Entertainment" American rapper, record producer and record executive has congratulated Nigerian artiste, Burna Boy on his Grammy award-win. Recall the Nigerian superstar at the 63rd Grammy Awards on Sunday, March 14, won his first Grammys with the album 'Twice As Tall' after being nominated in the Best Global Music Album category.… In "Entertainment" Popular Nigerian singer Damini Ebunoluwa Ogulu, known as Burna Boy has lost the 2020 Grammy Award for the Best World Music Album to Angelique Kidjo, Celia. It was Burna Boy’s first Grammy nomination and his multiple award winning African Giant was widely expected to clinch it for him. Burna Boy… In "Entertainment"