Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue state on Wednesday commended President Muhammadu Buhari for the steps he is now taking to end insecurity in Nigeria. Ortom also said the fight against insecurity is the responsibility of every Nigerian and should not be politicised or regarded as a party issue. Ortom who said this in an interview with journalists at the Makurdi Airport after his meeting with the president stated that it was good the country has now been reawaken following the attack on him. He noted that after his meeting with the president in Abuja, he also met with some security chiefs and there is a new resolve to fight insecurity to a stand still. He said the attempted assassination on him ironically has brought a new resolve to end insecurity in the country. “The meeting in Abuja was very fruitful and Mr. President was quite sympathetic and condemned the attempted assassination on me. “I also met with some service chiefs, including the DSS, Chief of Defense Staff, the Inspector General of Police among others.” The Nation The House of Representatives has charged the Nigeria Police Force and the Department of State Services to go after a shadowy group, Fulani Nationality Movement, which has claimed responsibility for the recent attack on the Governor of Benue State, Samuel Ortom. The lawmakers, at the plenary on Tuesday, unanimously adopted… In "News" The Benue State Governor, Mr Samuel Ortom, on Tuesday visited the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), at the Presidential Villa, Abuja, three days after he was attacked by herdsmen. At the end of the meeting held behind closed doors, the governor told State House correspondents that with the current… In "Politics" Prominent groups in the country, including the Middle Belt Forum, the Arewa Consultative Forum and the Northern Governors’ Forum on Sunday condemned Saturday’s assassination attempt on the Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom. As the groups, in separate interviews with The PUNCH, condemned the attack, the Inspector-General of Police, Mohammed Adamu,… In "News"