Four persons were reportedly killed and one admitted in hospital after renewed cult activities at Okija in the Ihiala Local Government Area of Anambra State.  No fewer than seven persons have lost their lives in the community under similar circumstances in the past few months. Last week, a young man had his head severed in the presence of his nonagenarian mother and taken away by suspected cultists. It was gathered that three persons were killed on Monday, while the latest victim, who hailed from Umuatuegwu village, was hit by a stray bullet when rival cults were exchanging gunfire. A source said members of the groups created tension in the area as they continued to harass each other at the busy Nkwo Okija Market. The source said, “As I am speaking, there is commotion at the Nkwo Market and the disturbing thing is that these boys are using the opportunity to extort money from people. “Those who refuse to give them money usually have their cars torched. The development has forced many people to hurriedly leave the market for their homes.” He said police personnel had been deployed in the area, adding that the expectation was that they would return normalcy to the town. The state Police Public Relations Officer, Tochukwu Ikenga, said he had yet to get the report of the incident.   Source Two persons were feared killed during clashes between suspected cultists at Coker-Aguda Local Council Development Area (LCDA) of Lagos. But the police said one person died in the fracas. The Nation learnt that one of the deceased was lured out on Saturday night from his Aguda residence before he was… In "News" The fight against criminals and cultism in Lagos is really gaining momentum as the Police made serious breakthrough by arresting a notorious and wanted cult leader, Yusuf Omidele, popularly known as General in the crime world. P.M.EXPRESS reports that General, who was known as the elder in the council of… In "Metro" Some unknown gunmen suspected to be cultists have killed a former police officer and four others.   Gunmen suspected to be cultists on Thursday morning killed five persons in Ilile community, Ohaji/Egbema Local Government Area of Imo State, according to a report by Punch.  The incident occurred around 3am in the… In "Metro"