appealed to the state government to assist them, especially the only survivor, who is currently receiving treatment at the UITH.  Gana stated, “The incident happened around 10pm last night and we tried our best to rescue them, but we were only able to rescue one of the children from the fire. The four siblings and their mother were burnt to death. We had to contact the father, who was out during the incident, on the phone and he is now in the hospital. “We are appealing to the government and all kind-hearted Nigerians to come to our aid.” The Chairman, Ifesowapo Community, Awodun Yinka, told reporters that a noise was heard from a room and a parlour apartment and residents rushed down to the house but were unable to rescue the victims. A resident, Pastor Abayomi Kolapo, said, “Only one out of five children was rescued. Presently, he is having a heart problem and he is half burnt. We need the child to survive. “The father was unconscious yesterday and was behaving abnormally because of the impact and effect of the situation on him. We want to beg the Kwara State Government to assist the father and the only surviving child.” Efforts to get the reaction of the state fire service were not successful as the Head of Media and Publicity of the agency, Hassan Adekunle, did not pick calls made to his phone line. . All rights reserved. This material, and other digital content on this website, may not be reproduced, published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in whole or in part without prior express written permission from  PUNCH. A woman and her three children, including a one- month -old baby, were burnt to death in their house in Nkangbe, a suburb of Minna, the Niger state capital. The fire, which started at about 11.30 pm, raged for over three hours burning down the house completely. However, the second… In "Metro" By Okon Okon Karu (Nasarawa State) -   An early morning inferno on Saturday in Ado village, Karu Local Government Area Nasarawa State has burnt three children of the same parents to death, the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports. A correspondent of the NAN in the area reports that… In "News" By Augustine OkezieEleven cattle traders who were travelling from Dan Iyau/Karaje village in Batagarawa Local Government Area, Katsina State, to Kasuwan Shinkafi in Zamfara State, in March this year, had an ugly encounter with bandits who set their vehicle ablaze and burnt 10 of the 11 travellers to death after… In "News"