•The suspects as paraded by Delta State Police Command ASABA – Operatives of the Delta State Police Command on Wednesday arrested members of a nine-man kidnap gang in possession of human parts in Obiaruku, Ukwuani Local Government Area of Delta State. It was gathered that the gang kidnapped one Joy Osameze on 5 February 2021 while she was on her way back from the farm at Abraka Farm reserve, Obiaruku. It was revealed that the five members of the gang, Emmanuel Ojibe, Osam Ogolime, Ossai Reuben, Odigili Chukwutem and Ukpaka Confidence were arrested after officers of the Department of the Special Anti-Kidnapping And Cyber Crimes Squad (SAKCCS) raided their hideout. It was further gathered that the confession of Emmanuel Ojibi, led to the arrest of the trio of one Razaq Ifamaye, Gbenga Olawuyi both natives of Ekiti State but resident at Old Market Road, Obiaruku and one Samson Oduni, a native of Obiaruku. Upon interrogation, one Ifamaye confessed to the crimes of kidnapping after which he led Police operatives attached to the Special Anti-Kidnapping and Cyber Crimes squad to Shegelo Beach, Obiaruku where a Baco Bag containing human skull and other human parts suspected to be that of their victim, Joy Osameze, were recovered. It was revealed that the gang leader, Chikogwu Isaac A.K.A Ikukwu, a native of Obiaruku, in whose premises the exhibits were found, was arrested after he instigated four others who are now at large to attack the operatives in order to prevent the operatives from making the recovery. However, the Delta Police Command confirmed that the human remains were taken to the Agbor General Hospital for autopsy. (Daily Independent) A member of a notorious kidnap gang, Sunday Clark, who plotted the abduction of a businessman, Mr. Adewale Kazeem, has been arrested by operatives of Federal Special Anti-Robbery Squad attached to the Rivers State Police Command. Clark told newsmen he acted as an informant to the gang to kidnap a… In "Metro" By Joseph EdehAbuja,. -. The Police on Sunday said they had killed the suspected mastermind of the kidnap of the Board Chairman, Universal Basic Education Commission ( UBEC )and his daughter. Muhammed Mahmood and his daughter were kidnapped on April 29 around Katari Village, along the Kaduna-Abuja Highway and later… In "Metro" By Ahmed Mohammed Kaigama Bauchi - The Police Command in Bauchi has arrested a 19-year-old suspected leader of a kidnap gang, Mohammed Jibrin alias Al-amin, with three others for kidnapping a 15-year-ol school boy. Mr Philip Maku, the Commissioner of Police in the state, disclosed this while parading the suspects… In "Metro"