By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The former minister of Aviation, Femi Fani-Kayode has called on the Federal Government to shut down Fulani National Movement (FUNAM) in Nigeria, declare them a terrorist organisation and arrest or eliminate all their members, friends and associates before they push us into an avoidable and horrific full-scale civil war. Recall that the Governor of Benue State, Samuel Ortom escaped assassination on Saturday by gunmen suspected to be herdsmen. According to FFK, FUNAM is a foreign-based, foreign-sponsored and foreign-manned counter intelligence operation whose sole purpose is to destabilise and destroy Nigeria. He made the call against the backdrop of FUNAM’s claim that it’s responsible for the attack on and attempted assassination of Governor Ortom of Benue state. Fani-Kayode who took to his twitter handle account to disclose this, further stated that FUNAM is closely affiliated with ISIS West Africa and often share intelligence and collaborate with them in joint operations. The tweet read: FUNAM, who have claimed responsibility for the attack on and attempted assassination of Governor Ortom of Benue State, is a foreign-based, foreign-sponsored and foreign-manned counter intelligence operation whose sole purpose is to destabilise and destroy Nigeria. They are closely affiliated with ISIS West Africa and often share intelligence and collaborate with them in joint operations. Though they do have a few local allies, in the main they do not represent the Fulani of Nigeria but only the foreign Fulani terrorists and their international backers who want to throw Nigeria into chaos, drive us into a civil war and cause us to slaughter one another so that they can come into our country in full force and pick up the pieces. They are a cancer that need to be cut out of our body politic. The attempt to assassinate a sitting Governor by this terrorist organisation takes this whole thing to a different dimension. Ortom must be fully protected and the Federal Government must shut down FUNAM in Nigeria, declare them a terrorist organisation and arrest or eliminat all their members, friends and associates before they push us into an avoidable and horrific full-scale civil war. The only other terrorist Organisation that has had the nerve and audacity to attempt to kill a Governor is Boko Haram who have tried to murder Governor Zulum of Borno state. FUNAM must be viewed and treated in exactly the same way as Boko Haram and the full might and force of the Nigerian military and FG must be unleashed against them. The murder of innocents has no place in a civilised society and those that unleash terror on our people must be utterly crushed.  Prominent groups in the country, including the Middle Belt Forum, the Arewa Consultative Forum and the Northern Governors’ Forum on Sunday condemned Saturday’s assassination attempt on the Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom. As the groups, in separate interviews with The PUNCH, condemned the attack, the Inspector-General of Police, Mohammed Adamu,… In "News" •Sultan of Sokoto, Sa'ad Abubakar "I am the leader of Uthman Danfodio dynasty. I have never seen where in the hundred books that Uthman Danfodio said Nigeria belongs to the Fulani. What he wrote was the role of Islam in leadership, governance etc. He never mentioned of conquering any particular… In "Opinion" There is an abysmallylow legal literacy in Nigeria. And the Nigerian political elite have discovered that they can exploit the fear and ignorance of the law in the general population to terrorize their critics into silence and self-censorship through the threats— or actual institution— of meritless lawsuits.   American defamation… In "Opinion"