The ongoing forensic audit of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC), will soon be submitted, the Delta State Director of the commission, Engr. Audu Ohwavborua, has said.  He further revealed that a substantive board will also be constituted for the Commission. Ohwavborua disclosed this during an inspection of the Emevor-Orogun Road in Isoko North and Ughelli North council areas of Delta state, assuring that the interventionist agency will fast track the project. According to him, the problem of the road was lack of capacity on the part of the company awarded the road contract. However, the NDDC director assured that the road will be put on priority list of projects of the Commission to fast track its completion. He directed the contractors to return to site assuring that their certificates will be processed for payment on the condition that they returned to site. “Let me say that the problem of the NDDC is that we haven’t been able to develop to the point where our indigenous contractors can comfortably compete with the multinationals. “As an institution, we haven’t done well too for the people of the Niger Delta, but I can assure you that with the forensic audit coming out soon, we will overcome that set back,” he stated. In his remarks, Commissioner representing Isoko Ethnic Nationality in the Board of Delta State Oil Producing Areas Development Commission (DESOPADEC), Dr Paul Oweh, said the road had become an embarrassment to the community and urged the NDDC to do everything possible to ensure the completion of the road. President General of Emevor Community, Sir Moses Agboro said the community would remain grateful to the NDDC once the Emevor-Orogun Road is completed. A member of the Emevor Infrastructural Committee, Professor Roland Ubogu, said with the visit of the NDDC Director to the project, there is light at the end of the tunnel. He encouraged leaders of the community to cooperate to ensure prompt delivery of the project.  Source FG Orders Probe Of NDDC Personnel In "Top Stories" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Acting Managing Director of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC), Prof. Kemebradikumo Pondei, has assured that the forensic audit in NDDC between 2000 and 2019, ordered by President Muhammadu Buhari, is not for witch-hunt, but declared that there would be no sacred cows. He also… In "Top Stories" The immediate past Acting Managing Director, Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC), Dr. Joy Nuniel, told on Friday of how pressure was mounted on her to give out Christmas palliatives last year to the tune of N10 billion. Had she yielded, each of the states under the operations of the commission… In "News"