Former Minister of Aviation, Chief Femi Fani-Kayode has attacked popular Islamic scholar, Sheikh Ahmad Gumi over ‘unholy’ comments, saying he is shrouded in darkness and deceit. Fani-Kayode was reacting to comments attributed to Gumi when he said “If coup plotters are pardoned, why not bandits?” Fani-Kayode said “Maybe we should give Hitler, Pol Pot, Stalin, King Leopard 11 of Belgium, Osama Bin Ladin, Al Bagdadi, Abubakar Shekau and every other mass murderer and genocidal maniac in world history a posthumous pardon too! “First he urges the terrorists to target Christian soldiers, then he said that the kidnapping of children from their schools by the same terrorists was a lesser evil and now he says this. “Has Sheik Ahmad Gumi finally lost his mind. Is he in desperate need of medical attention Has he become the official spokesman for the terrorists that are slaughtering, tormenting, raping, mutilating and kidnapping our people all over the country?” Fani-Kayode said he was convinced that Gumi is no longer himself and that something had gone wrong with him. “He is shrouded in darkness and deceit. Someone please tell him that we have had enough of these asinine, puerile, infantile, insensitive, uncharitable, wicked, dangerous and self-serving contributions and remarks. ”The country is already on the brink of war and fratricidal butchery: Gumi should not push us into it with his reckless provocations and deeply insensitive, callous, heartbreaking and insulting commentary,” he added. He said the terrorists Gumi is defending were a living manifestation of pure and unadulterated evil and that every single one of them deserved to be eliminated or brought to justice in a court of law for their crimes against humanity. “Gumi, stop pampering blood-thirsty and blood-lusting psychopaths and murderers. Anyone that targets innocent and defenceless women and children and kills them is the scum of the earth and deserves to be sent to hell in a glorious hail of bullets,” he said. The Nation Femi Fani-Kayode, a former minister of aviation has slammed prominent Islamic cleric, Sheik Gumi after he stated that if Nigeria can forgive coup plotters, they can also forgive bandits kidnapping and molesting women. Reacting to Gumi's statement likening bandits to coup plotters, FFK via his Twitter handle wrote; "If coup… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  Former Minister of Aviation and chieftain of the People’s Democratic Party,  (PDP) Femi Fani-Kayode, has been summoned by the Nigeria Police to appear before it for fact-finding over alleged “conspiracy, criminal and inciting publication”. Mr Fani-Kayode, has remained a vocal critic of the… In "Top Stories" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - Chief Femi Fani-Kayode, former Minister of Aviation, has criticised the response made by APC national leader, Senator Bola Tinubu to the killing of Mrs Funke Olakunrin, daughter of Afenifere leader, Pa Reuben Fasoranti. In a statement sent to Sundiata Post on Monday, Fani-Kayode said: "The greatest… In "Top Stories"