President Muhammadu Buhari has explained why he has shown so much concern about happenings with the borders of Nigeria’s neighbouring countries; the Republic of Niger. According to President Buhari, Niger shares a length of more than 1,400 kilometres of border with Nigeria, which he said should make Nigeria pay serious attention to any development going on with its borders, especially its stability. President Buhari spoke on Monday at the State House, Abuja, while receiving a report on the elections in the neighbouring country from former Vice President, Namadi Sambo, who is ECOWAS Head of Mission on the election in Republic of Niger. A statement issued by his Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Mr. Femi Adesina, the President said “Nigeria shares more than 1,400 kilometres of border with Republic of Niger, and we should be concerned about the stability of that country. “We are concerned about their stability, and I am glad the elections went well. I am happy it was transparent, as attested to by most of the observers,” President Buhari said. He congratulated Architect Sambo and his team for a job well done, stating; “I am glad you came back with good news.” The ECOWAS Head of Mission on the election said he met with all the stakeholders before the polls, which went into run-off after the initial exercise in December last year was inconclusive, “and we observed about 400 polling units in five regions of the country, and the process was peaceful, done professionally. Every citizen was given the right to vote and be voted for.” The candidate of the ruling party was announced by the electoral body as having won more than 50% of the votes, a decision disputed by the opposition candidate, who has now approached the constitutional court for redress. It is the court which has powers to declare a winner in an election, according to the Constitution of Republic of Niger. Former Vice President Sambo described the election as “a great improvement on that of December 27 last year,” and thanked President Buhari for facilitating the transportation needs of his team. The Nation President Muhammadu Buhari has said that only God can effectively supervise Nigeria’s border with the Republic of Niger. According to a statement issued on Tuesday by the presidential spokesman, Femi Adesina, President Buhari stated this in Abuja while receiving former Vice President Namadi Sambo, who heads ECOWAS Election Mission to… In "News" By Ochereome Nnanna ABUJA (Sundiata Post) For some reasons unknown to me, Nigerians are no longer paying attention to things that matter about the way they are being ruled. They no longer pay attention to some of the things their rulers say. Otherwise, a strange item in President Muhammadu Buhari’s… In "Social Media Feeds" Abuja  -  President Muhammadu Buhari has congratulated President Mahamadou Issoufou of Niger Republic on his re-election. This is contained in a statement issued in Abuja by Mr Femi Adesina, Special Adviser on Media and Publicity to the president. President Buhari extended his best wishes to Issoufou and the people of… In "News"