ABUJA – Executive Chairman, Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS), Mr. Muhammad Nami, has lauded Nigerian mothers and their counterparts globally for their untiring contributions to family stability and national development. Mr. Nami gave the commendation on the occasion of this year’s International Mother’s Day in a statement issued at the weekend in Abuja. The FIRS executive chairman commended mothers for their “tenacity of purpose and leadership in situations of distress” like the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, stressing that “sadly, mothers have become the carriers of the burdens of the society especially in times of insecurity, wars, pandemics, and other socio-economic eventualities.” Mr. Nami called on “governments all over the world to evolve programmes of support and empowerment for mothers and their children.” On the part of the FIRS, Mr. Nami disclosed that the Service is “supportive of women and mothers in their respective desire to become professionals in their chosen careers. Today, there are more female directors in the Service than any other time before now. This is our own way of empowering the women and mothers to be able to provide care and support to their families and the society.” He also noted that “the Federal Government has equally appointed more women into positions of authority than any previous administration. This is heartwarming considering the enormous potentials with which the women are endowed.” Mr. Nami urged all “women and mothers to continue to be positive role models by weaning their children off negative vices such as kidnapping, thuggery, thievery, drug abuse, and other forms of criminality. Our women and mothers have a great role to play in bringing an end to the spate of insecurity in our dear country.” The statement reads in full: “On the occasion of this year’s International Mother’s Day, I felicitate with the mothers across the world and commend their resilience, tenacity of purpose and leadership especially in situations of distress. I particularly wish to identify with the mothers who are having to grapple with the hardship occasioned by the outbreak of the Covid-19 pandemic which has disrupted businesses globally on which most of them and their children depend for their livelihood. “I also recognise the position of mothers as the bedrock of the family which is the nucleus of the society. This makes them important in the life of every society as they serve as agents of positive value orientation and social engineering. Sadly, mothers have become the carriers of the burdens of the society especially in times of insecurity, wars, pandemics, and other socio-economic eventualities. I therefore call on governments all over the world to evolve programmes of support and empowerment for mothers and their children. “We, at the FIRS, are supportive of women and mothers in their respective desire to become professionals in their chosen careers. Today, there are more female directors in the Service than any other time before now. This is our own way of empowering the women and mothers to be able to provide care and support to their families and the society. “The Federal Government has equally appointed more women into positions of authority than any previous administration. This is heartwarming considering the enormous potentials with which the women are endowed. I want to use this occasion to urge women and mothers to continue to be positive role models by weaning their children off negative vices such kidnapping, thuggery, thievery, drug abuse, and other forms of criminality. Our women and mothers have a great role to play in bringing an end to the spate of insecurity in our dear country. “Once again, I congratulate all mothers across the world as they mark this year’s International Mother’s Day.” ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - Despite the national and global economic upheaval caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, the Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS) has continued to record significant increase in collectable tax revenue from the non-oil sector of the economy. Executive Chairman, FIRS, Mr. Muhammad Nami, disclosed this on Tuesday in… In "News" In the 21st century, rating effective leadership is now based on leaders’ possession of “soft skills”. Leadership today is no longer rated by intimidating or swaying charisma like that of Adolf Hitler. Soft skills, according to Joana Marques in “Leadership Today” include purpose, morality, values, vision, authenticity, empathy and emotional… In "Opinion" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS) collected N4,952,243,711,728.37 in total tax revenue in the year 2020. This landmark achievement represents approximately 98% of the national tax target of N5.076 trillion set for the FIRS by the Federal Government. This was disclosed by the Executive Chairman of… In "News"