•Tanker blockade Drivers of petroleum tankers and other articulated vehicles on Wednesday blocked the Benin-Ore highway, at Ofosu, over the killing of two drivers by suspected Fulani herdsmen on Tuesday night. Ofosu is the boundary community between Edo and Ondo states. The hoodlums were said to have also made away with an undisclosed amount of money stolen from their victims. The angry drivers, who blocked the ever-busy highway at the military checkpoint, refused all plea made to them by other motorists, to vacate the road. A driver, who delivers newspapers to Edo State, lamented that he was stuck in the traffic since early Wednesday morning, saying business has been disrupted by the blockade. “It is a terrible experience getting stuck on the road. The protesting drivers said two of their colleagues were robbed and killed by suspected herdsmen. We are all stuck here and our businesses have been disrupted,” he said. It was also gathered that the security operatives at the checkpoint have abandoned their posts due to the chaotic atmosphere, while the angry drivers are insisting that Governor Godwin Obaseki of Edo State must come to address them before they will open up the road for use. When contacted, PPRO of the Edo Police Command, Kontongs Bello, confirmed the incident but said the location is under the Ondo Police Command. (The PUNCH) According to a report by Punch Metro, a 16-year-old girl, Chinyere, has narrated how suspected Fulani herdsmen abducted her and other co-travellers at the Okada junction on the Benin-Ore Expressway, Edo State. The victim said she was held for five days as the herdsmen tortured the men in the group… In "Metro" There is complete blockade of the Ofosu end of the Benin-Ore Expressway following a robbery attack on a luxury bus belonging to Young Shall Grow Motors. Ofosu is in Ondo State. Eye witnesses told NewsProbe that the attack occurred between 3 and 4am today. Unconfirmed reports say the driver of… In "News" By Temitope Salami Ijebu-Ode (Ogun) -   Ms Kofoworola Kuku, a 300-Level Human Kinetics student of Tai Solarin University of Education (TASUED), Ijebu-Ode, was on Wednesday knocked down by a truck, killing her instantly. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) gathered that the victim was knocked down on the Sagamu-Benin… In "Metro"