A new 18-kilometre gas pipeline has been launched in Ogun State.  The 150 million standard cubic feet per day of gas (mmscfd) pipeline runs from Ibefun to Rite Foods Ltd’s large-scale factory in Ososa. The pipeline was built by Axxela Ltd through its subsidiary, Transit Gas Nigeria Ltd (TGNL) in partnership with the Nigerian Gas Marketing Company Ltd (NGMC). Speaking at the inauguration, Axxela Chief Executive Officer Bolaji Osunsanya said: “Axxela/NGMC pioneered gas distribution in the greater Lagos area, and our current positioning enables us to increase our industrial and commercial client footprint across the south-western corridor. “By providing the gas advantage, we are enabling the development of self-sustaining industrial clusters to bolster Nigeria’s industrialisation and socio-economic empowerment.” The project is under the Sagamu Gas Distribution Zone (SGDZ), a joint venture between NGMC and TGNL (the NGMC/TGNL JV), which began operations in 2019 by delivering gas to growing industrial users. On the NGMC/TGNL JV and the new pipeline grid, NGMC Managing Director Faruk Usman said: “The SGDZ will contribute to the development of Sagamu and its environs by facilitating industrial growth, cleaner energy generation and fostering community employment through gas availability.” Source In line with the present administration’s policy trust to deliver infrastructure to boost the economy and improve oil production capacity and increase the supply of electricity, the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) has completed the construction of Escravos-Lagos pipeline project phase 2 (36’x342km), and delivered for immediate transmission of gas… In "News" The introduction of gas-fired city buses as part of autogas initiative would save $2.5 billion yearly for Nigeria, currently struggling to come out from its worst recession ever. In an interview with our correspondent, managing director, Powergas, Mr Sumeet Singh, said: “The introduction of the gas-fired city buses is estimated… In "News" By Yunus Yusuf   Lagos   -       Shell Petroleum Development Company of Nigeria Limited (SPDC) has announced the Final Investment Decision (FID) on the Assa North Gas Development Project in Imo, a major momentum to the domestic gas aspiration of the Federal Government for increased power generation and industrialisation. At peak… In "Business"