President Muhammadu Buhari has urged Nigerians to take the COVID-19 vaccine while stating that it is safe. Buhari gave the assurance after he was vaccinated alongside the Vice President, Yemi Osinbajo at the State House in Abuja, on Saturday. They received the first doses of the AstraZeneca COVID-19 vaccine on live television. Speaking after the vaccine was administered to him, President Buhari described his decision to take the vaccine in public as ‘‘a demonstration of leadership and faith in the safety and efficacy of the vaccines.’ ‘‘I have received my first jab and I wish to recommend it to all eligible Nigerians, to do same so that we can be protected from the virus,’’ he said. He urged all state governments, traditional and religious leaders, to take the lead in the mobilization effort within their environment and areas of influence. ‘‘The vaccine offers hope for a safe country, free of coronavirus. ‘‘I similarly urge all eligible Nigerians to present themselves and be vaccinated in accordance with the order of priority already mapped out at the various authorized designated centres ONLY,’’ he added. Source Boss Mustapha, the Chairman of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 has stated that soon, no one will be able to travel the world except they have the COVID-19 vaccination certificate. He, therefore, urged Nigerians to avail themselves to be vaccinated against the lethal virus. Mustapha, who is also the… In "News" An electronic platform has been opened by the Federal Government for Nigerians to register in order to get coronavirus vaccine. The platform was launched on Monday. The T.E.A.C.H strategy, which combines indigenous (traditional) approaches with modern technologically enabled systems of vaccination, will leverage experiences gained during the polio immunization programs.… In "Health" The Nigerian Medical Association, the National Association of Nigerian Nurses and Midwives and a coalition of labour and civil society organisations, the Alliance for the Survival of COVID-19 and Beyond, have advised the Federal Government to ensure transparency in the distribution of COVID-19 vaccines. The NMA, the NANNM and the… In "News"