Turkish President, Recep Tayyip Erdogan has emerged winner of the 2020 Global Muslim Personality, a global award organised by Muslim News Nigeria. Erdogan was declared the winner of the award, tagged #MNAwards2020 for the third consecutive time by the Publisher of the newspaper, Mr. Rasheed Abubakar. Abubakar, in a statement said, though the year 2020 was very challenging for the world due to the outbreak of COVID-19 which has affected all facets of human endeavour, President Erdogan remained committed to a just cause, and his achievements surpassed that of the previous years. The statement noted that the emergence of President Erdogan as a visionary and pragmatic leader has been a blessing not to Turkey alone but to the global Muslim community which has fallen prey to the belligerence of predator nations. Turkish President, Recep Tayyip Erdogan has emerged winner of the 2020 Global Muslim Personality, a global award organised by Muslim News Nigeria. Erdogan was declared the winner of the award, tagged #MNAwards2020 for the third consecutive time by the Publisher of the newspaper, Mr. Rasheed Abubakar. Abubakar, in a statement said, though the year 2020 was very challenging for the world due to the outbreak of COVID-19 which has affected all facets of human endeavour, President Erdogan remained committed to a just cause, and his achievements surpassed that of the previous years. The statement noted that the emergence of President Erdogan as a visionary and pragmatic leader has been a blessing not to Turkey alone but to the global Muslim community which has fallen prey to the belligerence of predator nations. The Nation By Ismaila Chafe   Abuja -   President Muhammadu Buhari on Friday evening spoke with his Turkish counterpart, Mr Recep Erdogan, via telephone, and congratulated him over his re-election. The President’s Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, Malam Garba Shehu, made this known in a statement in Abuja on… In "Top Stories" Istanbul -   Sudanese President, Omar al-Bashir, was in Turkey on Friday for a meeting of Muslim nations on Jerusalem and Palestine, defying an international arrest warrant against him. Al-Bashir, 74, is wanted by the International Criminal Court (ICC) on allegations of genocide and other war crimes in Sudan. Turkish… In "Foreign" Istanbul - President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey has commended the New Zealand authorities for their handling of the Christchurch mosque attack. “I would like to thank the New Zealand government, Prime Minister Ardern in particular, for their sensitivity and firm stand against the incident,’’ Erdogan told a summit of… In "Foreign"