A notorious bandit leader has finally met his death in the hands of Nigerian troops.  Rufai Maikaji, a deadly bandit commander has been confirmed dead by the Kaduna State Government.  A statement on Thursday by the state Commissioner for Internal Security and Home Affairs, Samuel Aruwan, said Mr Maikaji and dozens of his fighters were neutralized during air interdictions around the fringes of Malul Forest in Igabi LGA of Kaduna Central Senatorial District. The statement said: “The aerial missions in which ‘Rufai Maikaji’ and his gang were neutralized were conducted in late February when he (Rufai Maikaji) and the bandits under his command, on sighting ground troops, escaped from Anaba village of Igabi LGA where they killed some citizens, burnt houses and kidnapped some locals. “The prompt response by the air platforms ended the reign of terror maintained by ‘Rufai Maikaji’ and his bloodsucking accomplices. “From further checks, ‘Rufai Maikaji’ and his group were confirmed to be responsible for the killing, kidnapping and cattle rustling in many communities in Giwa, Igabi and Chikun LGAs, especially in the following locations: Iyatawa, Garke, Kumfa, Bakali, Karau-karau and Galadimawa, Anaba, Kerawa, Hashimawa, Sabon Birni, Buruku general area and parts of Chikun LGA axis of Kaduna-Birnin Gwari Road. “‘Rufai Maikaji’ is said to have begun his ignoble career as an errand boy to some deadly bandits in and around Sabon Birni general area of Igabi LGA. From this position, he grew to become a household name in banditry.” According to the statement, the state government, military, police, SSS and all agencies assured residents of the communities that suffered the brutality of ‘Rufai Maikaji’ that aggressive pursuit of other accomplices who escaped the onslaught is in full swing, and they will be caught sooner rather than later. “In his response, Governor Nasir El-Rufai praised the military for taking down the bandit leader and his accomplices. “The Governor further assured them of the firm commitment of the government and people of Kaduna State in the ongoing operations against the bandits throughout the state,” the statement noted.  Source Some unknown gunmen have invaded the residence of a traditional ruler and shot him dead. The tragic incident happened in Kaduna. According to TheCable, Haruna Kuye, district head of Gidan Zaki, Zangon Kataf local government area of Kaduna state was killed in the early hours of Tuesday. Kuye and his… In "News" …Kaduna, Zamfara, Borno deadliest states…North-West deadliest zone AS flames of violence and other forms of lives guzzling insecurity flicker in many parts of the country, Nigeria has literally become a killing field. In the first six weeks of 2021, lives of no fewer than 1,525 persons have been wasted across… In "Top Stories" Bandits have burnt down the Holy Family Catholic Church, and two houses in Kikwari village, Kajuru council area of Kaduna State. Another set of gunmen also invaded Baka village in Igabi council area and killed two persons. Commissioner for Internal Security and Home Affairs Samuel Aruwan said in a statement… In "Features"