Islamic cleric, Sheikh Ahmad Gumi, has stated that his dialogues with bandits in the north have been fruitful. He said: “My interaction with bandits has yielded instant results. When you are dealing with somebody engrossed in criminality, if you approach him as a policeman, you will have a problem but if you come to him as a pastor, he will confess all his sins to you. “So we approach them as clergy, and they feel comfortable to vomit all their problems. Hence, we see how we can appease and help them. “We are not approaching them as an authority but from the spiritual angle. You know every human being has that spiritual influence, and that is why we are adopting that,” he said. He also tackled those urging government to arrest him because of the meetings he holds with bandits. Describing such people as clowns, Gumi revealed that government officials also attend the meetings with the bandits. He told Daily Post the cleric he’s not the first to hold dialogue with bandits. He said: “Even the Kaduna State governor dialogued with them, Zamfara governor dialogued with them. “I’m not the first person that started dialoguing with them (bandits). I only added value and I find them to be religious; religion is the only thing that teaches you that blood has sanctity. So this is the religious angle. ‘’I’m trying to gather them and teach them that there is sanctity to life. They cannot kill, rape and so on. This is the addition I hope will work. Note, I never visited these bandits without a government official, but they are in the background. “All the bandits we met were with government officials, and that is why I said those calling for my arrest are clowns.” The Nation Islamic cleric, Sheikh Ahmad Gumi, has attacked those calling for his arrest. Recall that Nigerians called for his arrest because of the meetings he holds with bandits. However, the cleric has fired back at those making the call by saying that such people as clowns. According to him, government officials… In "Features" Kaduna-based Islamic cleric, Sheik Ahmad Gumi, on Sunday said the amnesty he proposed for bandits in the North should be extended to the Fulani involved in kidnappings in the South. Gumi, who stated this in an interview with one of our correspondents, also said the bandits involved in kidnappings were… In "News" •Sheikh Gumi with bandits leader Dogo Gide Hope was initially raised yesterday on freedom for the abducted 27 students and 15 others at Government Science College, Kagara, Niger State, but later dashed, with the bandits insisting on N500 million ransom before releasing the abductees and other people kidnaped in NSTA… In "Top Stories"