Abuja (Sundiata Post) –   There are plans by terrorist groups, Al-Qaeda and ISIS to penetrate Southern Nigeria, the United States has warned the Nigerian government. The US says the dreaded groups are looking to make an inroad into Southern Nigeria, this is just as It confirmed that Al-Qaeda has started penetrating the north-western part of the country. In a media briefing, Dagvin Anderson, Commander of the US special operations command, Africa, said AlQaeda is also expanding to other parts of West Africa. According to report obtained from TheCable by Sunday Tribune, Anderson said the US will continue to partner with Nigeria in sharing intelligence “We have engaged with Nigeria and continue to engage with them in intel sharing and in understanding what these violent extremists are doing,” he said. “And that has been absolutely critical to their engagements up in the Borno state and into an emerging area of northwest Nigeria that we’re seeing al-Qaeda starting to make some inroads in. “So, this intelligence sharing is absolutely vital and we stay fully engaged with the government of Nigeria to provide them with an understanding of what these terrorists are doing, what Boko Haram is doing, what ISIS-West Africa is doing, and how ISIS and al-Qaeda are looking to expand further south into the littoral areas. Anderson regretted that despite successes recorded in previous years, there has been a setback, adding: “We as a community of international nations, keep thinking we have defeated them or we have put them on their back foot and that they’re just moments from disintegration.” Anderson said for international efforts to yield desired results in the fight against terrorism in Nigeria, the government must take the lead. “When it comes to Nigeria in general, Nigeria, obviously, is a critical nation to West Africa. It is a critical nation and we realise that Nigeria is a lynchpin,” he said The United States has raised the alarm that the Al-Qaeda insurgent group has started penetrating the northwestern part of Nigeria. US warned that violent extremist organization were seizing on Africa’s ineffective maintenance of the coronavirus pandemic to advance their goals in vulnerable societies in Nigeria and other African countries. The… In "News" By Sumaila Ogbaje Abuja - The Defence Headquarters said that the Armed Forces and all relevant security agencies are leaving nothing to chance on the warning by the United State of America on the infiltration of Al-Qaeda and ISIS into the country. The Coordinator, Defence Media Operations, Maj.-Gen. John Enenche… In "News" By Tim Lister There are many groups listed by the U.S. State Department as terrorists. But few fit the classic definition -- threatening and inflicting terror on a civilian population -- better than Boko Haram in northern Nigeria. What's more difficult to work out, beyond Boko Haram's hatred for everything… In "News"