By CHIMEZIE ENYIOCHA KADUNA – Gunmen suspected to be kidnappers have attacked the Federal College of Forestry in Kaduna State, abducting several students. The college is located few metres away from the Nigerian Defence Academy in the Mando area of Kaduna State. Confirming the incident, the spokesman of the Kaduna State Police Command, Mohammed Jalige told  Channels Television that the attackers invaded the college located at Mando area in the outskirts of Kaduna metropolis at about 3am on Friday and abducted some students. He however said that the exact number of students abducted is uncertain. He explained that security operatives were mobilized to the college upon hearing about the attack and were able to secure the remaining students. The spokesman also said that investigation is ongoing to ascertain the actual number of students that were abducted with a view to track down the gunmen and rescue the victims. The fresh abduction comes 48 hours after the Kaduna State Commissioner for Internal Security and Home Affairs, Samuel Aruwan, presented the 2020 security situation reports to Governor Nasir el-Rufail. Aruwan said bandits killed no fewer than 937 persons, kidnapped 1,972 persons in the state in 2020. On his part, Governor el-Rufai had ruled out the possibility of his administration to negotiate or grant amnesty to bandits. (Channels TV) One person has been reported killed while many others, including final year students of a Junior Secondary School abducted in Kaduna The Nation gathered the incident took place at Damba-Kasaya community in Chikun Local Government Area when gunmen on motorcycles invaded the community on Monday at about 8am. The gunmen,… In "News" Some very dangerous gunmen have struck again in Kaduna State. The gunmen abducted students of the Federal College of Forestry Mechanism in Mando area of Kaduna. According to the BBC, a witness said half of the female students were taken but not a single male was abducted. Commissioner for Internal… In "News" Gunmen on Friday (early this morning) abducted yet to be ascertained number of schoolgirls from Government Girls Secondary School, Jangebe in Talata Mafara local government area of Zamfara state. However, in a developing story on BBC Hausa, about 300 felames students were said to have been abducted. This is coming… In "Top Stories"