LAGOS – KilRox alcohol disinfecting wipes finally makes entry into the Nigeria market. KilRox wipes kills 99.9% of germs and also cleans, disinfects non porous surfaces as a dual action when in Use. Germs are abound everywhere, even more now with the global pandemic, which has inevitably heightened the consciousness and knowledge toward maintaining effective hygiene and general wellness. Viruses, Bacteria, Fungi and Protozoa are germs which infect humans causing diseases and if unchecked can lead to death. KilRox wipes have been introduced into the Nigeria disinfectants space to be amongst the covid-19 protocol advisory namely, maintaining social distance, Wearing a Mask, Washing your hands with soap and Disinfecting with KilRox alcohol Disinfecting Wipes. Alcohol which is one of the active ingredients of KilRox wipes kills germs by denaturing the outer proteins of microbes and dissolving their membranes according to Google. KilRox Wipes are made with bleach free formula that Kills 99.9% of Virus, Bacteria and Fungi including Cold and Flu viruses. KilRox wipes also kills Staphylococcus (staph), Escherichia coli (E.Coli), Methicillin-Resistant Staphylococcus Aureus (MRSA), Salmonella, Streptococcus (Strep), and Klebsiclla (Kleb). KilRox alchol Disinfecting wipes come in two distinctive packing, the Canister package and the Soft Bag package with a lemon scented option, each loaded with the 99.9% germs killing promise that the KilRox brand guarantees due to the active ingredients of 75% medical alcohol, Benzalkonium chloride, Cetylpyridinium chloride and Agua as a strong catalyst. KilRox alcohol Disinfecting Wipes is approved by National  Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC) as suitable to be used in Hospitals, Athletic Facilities (stadiums, locker rooms), Hospitality (Hotels, Restaurants, etc), Travels- Airlines passengers sanitization and airport surfaces disinfection, Schools as a convenient addition in school bags, classroom doorknobs and conveniences disinfection, Churches and Mosques, Offices and Household general cleaning and Disinfection, ETC. According to Nnamdi Nwokike, managing director of Saftermobo Nigeria Limited, marketers of the product in Nigeria “w ithout doubt the entry of KilRox alcohol Disinfecting wipes into the Nigeria hygiene conscious space is considered by opinion leading and consumer influencer blogs as a game changer” “This is because, the Nigeria discerning consumer will  always adapt to the immeasurable benefits of using KilRox wipes to clean Hands, Smartphone, ATM machines, doorknobs, inside Car surfaces, Office tables and Computers, Saloon equipments, Microphones and a reliable assurance in our ever germ infected surroundings. Some are now certain with KilRox wipes,that hitherto been sceptical about the use of sanitizers (with the proliferation and not knowing the contents of most sanitizers in the market) are going to trust KilRox wipes for effective disinfection” he said. Ikorodu (Lagos State)  -Two health experts on Wednesday in Lagos cautioned against sharing of bath towels, saying it could lead to transmission of infections and diseases. They told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) that sharing of bath towels could result in transmission of diseases like gonorrhea, trichomonas, rashes, eczema… In "Health" By Jacinta Nwachukwu The importance of hygiene cannot be over-emphasised as good hygienic conditions bring about ways of protecting oneself and others from contracting illness. This is because the human body can be home to an array of diseases; with germs and parasites growing and multiplying in certain parts of… In "News" Abuja -  A physician, Dr Arikawe Adeolu, has advised users of cell phones to always clean them regularly with antiseptic wipes to avoid contracting infections from them and lead a healthy life. Adeolu, a general physician with the Federal Medical Centre, Jabi, Abuja, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN)… In "Health"