Nigeria’s First Lady, Mrs Aisha Buhari has commented on the abduction of girls by bandits.  Aisha lamented the continuous mass abductions of women and girls by bandits and insurgents, especially in the north. Aisha in a statement on the occasion of the International Women’s Day posted on her official Twitter handle @aishambuhari, said: “As a mother, I share the sorrow and agony of the victims and families”. “I am also not unaware of the impact that these abductions could have in reverting many successes we have hitherto achieved, especially in terms of girl-child education and early marriages.” She however called on all stakeholders to exert their different levels of influence towards bringing the mass abductions to an end. While appreciating efforts of women and girls in the fight against COVID-19, she noted the pandemic has had a huge impact on women, disrupted education, careers and proliferation of domestic violence. She urged everyone that beyond spreading the message of COIVD-19 protocol, they should remember and support those negatively affected by the pandemic.  Source The Zamfara State Governor, Bello Matawalle, on Tuesday insisted that he would reveal the identities of people behind the abduction of over 300 students of Government Girls’ Secondary School, Jangebe in the Talata Mafara Local Government Area of the state. The governor, who stated this in an interview with one… In "News" By Ahmed Ubandoma Abuja -  Wife of the President Mrs Aisha Buhari says she shares in the sorrow and agony of parents of all abducted girls in the country. Mrs Buhari said that she shared the agony of especially parents of the abducted Chibok and Dapchi school girls. She expressed… In "News" ...Police DIG relocates to Yobe  ...Aisha Buhari Begs Abductors to Leave Our Daughters Alone   Abuja （Sundiata Post）-  Some parents of the 110 abducted Government Girls Science and Technology College pupils in Dapchi, Yobe State, and sympathisers on Thursday occupied the premises of the National Assembly complex in Abuja, calling on… In "News"