No less than least four farmers have been killed on Monday by gunmen in Konkobudo village, Idiyan axis, a border village located between Ibarapa North and Iwajowa Local Government Areas of Oyo State.  It was gathered that the gunmen on motorcycles stormed the village before sunrise on Monday and shot the farmers who were asleep on their farmland. The criminals also hacked their victims before fleeing the village. A resident of the village, Ogunniyi Joel, said the remains of the victims have been taken away by men of the Nigeria Police Force in Iwajowa. “They came over night on about 10 motorbikes, shot the four farmers, hacked them and left. One of those killed is Sunday Okanlawon, a close relation. No one knows their identities whether they were herdsmen or not but the bodies of the farmers have been taken away by the police,” he told The PUNCH. Also, the Public Relations Officer of Igangan Development Advocates in Ibarapaland, Oguntowo Abideen, confirmed the incident to The PUNCH. Efforts to reach the Police Public Relations Officer in Oyo State, Olugbenga Fadeyi, proved abortive as he did not respond to calls put to his line. A text message sent to his phone on the incident was also not replied to as of the time of filing this report. Monday’s incident occurred barely a day after the men of the Oodua Peoples Congress and other vigilante groups arrested and handed over notorious Fulani warlord Iskilu Wakili to the police. Before Wakili’s arrest, farmers and residents of Ayete, Kajola and other neighbouring villages in Ibarapaland lived in perpetual fear of the notorious warlord who has been accused of displacing them from their farms, kidnapping their rich men and raping their women. Details later…   Source It has been reported that some armed men on Monday attacked a school in Kaduna, killing one person and kidnapping seven students and a teacher, residents said. According to PREMIUM TIMES, the armed men killed a man and abducted seven students and a teacher of Prince Academy, located at Damba-Kasaya… In "News" …Kaduna, Zamfara, Borno deadliest states…North-West deadliest zone AS flames of violence and other forms of lives guzzling insecurity flicker in many parts of the country, Nigeria has literally become a killing field. In the first six weeks of 2021, lives of no fewer than 1,525 persons have been wasted across… In "Top Stories" MINNA - Six people have been killed and three others kidnapped when bandits invaded two local government areas in Niger State. Five of those killed were at Babban-Rami village, while the sixth person killed was at Sabonrijiya in Mashegu Local Government Area of the state. Those kidnapped were ladies and… In "Top Stories"