Eight persons have been feared dead and many injured in multiple road accident in Bauchi State on Wednesday.  The Nation gathered that the first crash which claimed six lives occurred around Darazo-Dukku road.  It involved over 70 traders who were travelling in a trailer from Darazo town, Darazo Local Government Area of the State. They were on their way to Dukku market in Gombe State. Several people were severely wounded and rushed to the Abubakar Tafawa Balewa University Teaching Hospital (ATBUTH) and the General Hospital, Darazo for prompt medical attention. The other occurred at at Dungulbi village, about 10km away from Bauchi metropolis on the ever busy Bauchi – Gombe highway. It involved a Toyota Hummer bus belonging to the National Tourism Development Commission (NTDC) which had a head-on collision with a Sharon commercial bus conveying about 17 passengers to Gombe . Two persons were said to have died while several persons also sustained injuries. The third accident had no death recorded but left about eight persons injured. It was said to have occurred along Bauchi -Toro road. It involved a Truck which collided with a Tricycle locally called Keke-Napep. The Sector Commander, Federal Road Safety Corps, Bauchi State, Assistant Corp Commander, Yusuf Abdullahi, who confirmed the multiple crash to our correspondent in a phone interview said the FRSC had a tough time carrying out a rescue operation. He said though the exact number of casualty is yet unknown as at press time, but about 23 persons were injured. He said, “Yes, there was an accident this morning involving over 70 people who were in a truck going to Dukku market. “The truck skidded off the road and threw the people away. They were hung on the truck. It took us (FRSC) hours to carry out the rescue operation and presently, the victims are being sorted out. “I cannot tell you the exact number of the casualties but some of the traders have died, about six of them. ” Also In Bauchi – Gombe road two commercial vehicles collided while 2 persons died , the other person lose his life at the hospital. ”Fifteen people were also injured. The vehicles involved are one Sharon commercial bus and one Toyota hummer bus. ”The third accident occurred along Bauchi -Toro road. It involved a Truck and Keke Napep. Eight persons were injured but no death recorded.”  Source Twenty people were burnt to death in an auto accident along Potiskum-Sade Road in Misau Local Government Area of Bauchi State on Friday night. Although the exact cause of the accident was not known, it was learnt that the two vehicles had a head-on collision, leading to the death of… In "Metro" A fatal crash at the Tirwun suburb of Bauchi, about three kilometres to the state capital, has claimed the lives of 20 persons, who were burnt beyond recognition. Our correspondent learnt that the crash involved two vehicles. It was gathered that only two females survived without the accident out of… In "Metro" Gombe- A member of Gombe State House of Assembly, Alhaji Umar Aminu (APC), and eight others are feared killed by insurgents on Saturday. The insurgents who attacked Dukku and Nafada local government areas of the state were said to have killed the lawmaker representing Dukku South Constituency. A source told the… In "News"