Polaris Bank has commenced implementation of the Central Bank of Nigeria’s (CBN) ‘Naira 4 Dollar Scheme’ under which recipients receive N5 for every dollar received into domiciliary accounts or as cash over the counter. Its Managing Director, Mr Innocent Ike said there was growing evidence of a positive relationship between diaspora remittances and growth, adding that the bank will continue to contribute its quota to enhancing economic development in the country. He explained that the extra cash payment is in line with the CBN’s directive and fully aligns with efforts to encourage the inflow of diaspora remittances into the country. He described the “CBN Naira 4 Dollar Scheme” as an unprecedented incentive for senders and recipients of international money transfers, noting that the scheme which took effect from March 8, 2021 will run till May 8, 2021. “We have started paying extra N5 on every dollar to beneficiaries at our branches. This is in addition to the foreign currency they receive from their family and friends abroad,” Ike said. He said Polaris Bank is committed to delivering products and services across all sectors. The Nation ‌Nike Popoola, Okechukwu Nnodim, Tunde Ajaja, Alexander Okere and Tope Omogbolagun The Central Bank of Nigeria’s ‘Naira-for-Dollar’ policy may increase the country’s foreign remittances to $34.89bn by 2023. Forecast by PricewaterhouseCoopers, one of the big four accounting firms, had suggested that Nigeria’s remittance flows could reach $34.89bn by 2023 if… In "Business" Diaspora remittances into Nigeria fell by 27 percent, year-on-year (y/y) to $12.9 billion as at September 2020 from $17.6 billion in the corresponding period of 2019. The 27 percent decline is 3.9 percentage points higher than the 23.1 percent decline projected by the World Bank for the Sub Sahara Africa… In "News" In what will come across as good news to Nigerians, the naira this morning reversed its two weeks loss to the dollar in the parallel market. According to Vanguard, the Naira appreciated by N20 to N470 per dollar. The naira had earlier depreciated by N30 against the dollar, as the… In "News"