The Elders Council of Ohanaeze Ndigbo Worldwide has resolved to ensure that Ndigbo produces the next president in 2023. It mandated the President-General, Prof George Obiozor, and his executive members to begin consultation, with the Igbo socio-cultural and political elite. In a communiqué issued at the end of a meeting in Owerri, the Imo State capital, at the weekend, the Elders Council faulted the position of some leaders that zoning should be de-emphasised. The elders said jettisoning zoning should be “after Ndigbo has taken its turn.” The Council mandated the Ohanaeze Ndigbo leadership to work in consultation with other ethnic groups to realise the Igbo president objective. It urged every Igbo man or woman with the capacity to vie for the top job to show interest in the race. The communique was signed by Prof. Obiozor, Secretary-General Okey Emuchay, Eze Cletus IIomuanya, Chief Ikedi Ohakim, Senator Theodore Orji, Archbishop Emmanuel Chukwuma and Giddy Uwazuruike. Others are High Chief Joel Kroham, Agbogidi Obi of Onitsha, Igwe Alfred Achebe, Eze LOC Agubuzu and Gen. Abel Obi Umah. They agreed that there was a need for the different components of the Nigerian nation to come together and dialogue on their future. The elders also urged the leadership of Ohanaeze Ndigbo to address the increasing cases of “out-of-school children, particularly the girl-child”. They noted that education had remained the only weapon the Igbo have in pursuit of their collective destiny. The Nation A former Nigerian ambassador to the United States, Israel and Cyprus, Prof. George Obiozor, has emerged the President-General of Ohanaeze Ndigbo. Obiozor emerged in an election held at Dan Anyim Stadium in Owerri, the Imo State capital. This was even as other candidates for the position boycotted the election. Chief… In "News" Ahead of the election of a new Ohanaeze Ndigbo President-General in January next year, the Director-General of Voice of Nigeria (VON), Osita Okechukwu has appealed to Ndigbo to vote for a true Zikist among the five candidates from Imo State vying for the position. Okechukwu insisted that the next Ohanaeze… In "News" The leadership of Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council (OYC) Worldwide has thrown its weight on the decision of the Governor of Ebonyi State, Dave Umahi to dump the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) for the All Progressives Congress (APC) The Igbo Youth group in a statement by the President General and Secretary… In "News"