“We are using kinetic and non-kinetic approaches, and the non-kinetic is working for us. If not, we wouldn’t have successfully negotiated the release of… Zamfara governor Bello Matawalle on Tuesday said while the state was in negotiation with kidnappers of Jangebe schoolgirls, the armed men were offered money by unnamed persons not to release the girls. Matawalle spoke when he was addressing the freed Jangebe schoolgirls on Tuesday. He said he would soon reveal the mystery behind the abduction of the girls adding that those instigating criminals should be careful. He said he talked to the relevant security agencies including the police, DSS and army to discreetly investigate the matter. “I didn’t sleep for four days. We worked hard for days to ensure the safe return of the girls to their families. We are using kinetic and non-kinetic approaches, and the non-kinetic is working for us. If not, we wouldn’t have successfully negotiated the release of these girls, ” he said. He said the abducted and freed girls were 279 and all were released. The Podium •The hostel of the abducted schoolgirls in Zamfara State GUSAU - Seven out of the 317 female students abducted at the Jangebe Government Girls Secondary School in Zamfara State have escaped from their abductors. A source who spoke with Channels Television from Jangebe town via a phone call on Friday… In "Top Stories" Claims and counterclaims, yesterday, trailed the fate of the abducted students of Government Girls Secondary School, Jangebe, Zamfara State. While one source said they had been released and were in the palace of the Emir of Anka waiting for transportation to Gusau, the state capital, earlier in the day, another… In "News" The pan-Northern socio-political organisation, Arewa Consultative Forum, has asked the Governor of Zamfara State, Bello Matawalle, to name those behind the kidnap of the 317 students of Government Girls Secondary School, Jangebe in Talata Mafara in Zamfara State. The governor had reportedly said that he knew the identity of the… In "News"