At least 100 miners have been abducted by bandits in Anka and Maru Local Government Areas of Zamfara State and 10 others killed.  The revelation was made by the Emir of Anka, Attahiru Ahmad. NAN reports that he spoke in Gusau when the Chief of Defence Staff (CDS), Gen. Lucky Irabor visited Governor Bello Matawalle. The Chairman of Zamfara Council of Chiefs disclosed that bandits also killed 10 persons during an invasion of a mining site. He said the incident was overshadowed by the abduction of Jangebe schoolgirls. Ahmad lamented how bandits regularly attack miners and steal their money and property. The monarch added that miners have greatly contributed to the state’s economic growth. The traditional ruler expressed surprise about the declaration of ‘no fly zone’. The presidency had cited arms supply and illegal mining as the reasons. “The state does not even have an airport. We know there are states with more security challenges than Zamfara. “We expected that if such an order would be issued, it should also cover such states”, Ahmad complained. The federal government has approved the deployment of additional 6,000 soldiers to Zamfara.  Source •Alhaji Attahiru Ahmad, Emir of Anka  By ABUBAKAR AHMED GUSAU - No fewer than 100 miners operating between Anka and Maru Local Government Areas of Zamfara have been abducted by bandits, the Emir of Anka, Alhaji Attahiru Ahmad, has disclosed.He also lamented that the Federal Government deployed only 5,000 security… In "Top Stories" By Ishaq Zaki Anka (Zamfara) - The Emir of Anka and Chairman, Council of Chiefs in Zamfara, Alhaji Attahiru Ahmad, has advised the Federal Government to reconsider its decision to ban illegal mining in the north-western state. The monarch gave the advice on Tuesday while receiving the Commandant of the… In "News" By Ishaq Zaki Anka (Zamfara) - The Zamfara Government on Tuesday donated cash to families of those killed by gunmen in Kawaye village in Anka Local Government area of the state . The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the  gunmen had attacked the village, killing 13 persons and… In "News"