From Vincent Nyinongu, Makurdi Tragedy struck in Benue State on Tuesday night as unknown gunmen killed Dr. Terkula Suswam, the immediate elder brother to Senator Gabriel Suswam, who represents Benue North-East Senatorial District.The gunmen were said to have killed the elder Suswam at his country home in Anyiin, Logo Local Government area of the state.It was revealed that the killers arrived the deceased’s residence in a Toyota Corolla car popularly known as ‘dog nyash’, parked it in front of his residence and walked down to where he was seated and shot him to death unhindered. According to sources, the killers, having completed their mission, walked back into their vehicle and drove off without any interruption.It was after they had left the scene that security officials arrived and conveyed the lifeless body of Suswam to the mortuary, a source informed. The late Terkula Suswam, who held a high profile chieftaincy title in Tivland, was a serial investor and presided over the Ashi conglomerate with many firms in the portfolio. He was the oroprietor of Ashi Polytechnic, Anyiin and chairman of Ashi FM 99.9 radio station in Katsina-Ala. He also founded the Ashitek Printing Press in Makurdi, among other investments. A politician, businessman and academic, Dr Suswam obtained a Ph.D in Military and Diplomatic History at the Benue State University and was author of several books and academic articles in renowned journals. The late Suswam renowned for his philanthropy, started out as a political activist and became the Benue State Vice Chairman of the defunct National Republican Convention (NRC), during the aborted Third Republic transition politics.He later retired from politics to settle for business, academics and community service. The late Suswam is survived by his wife, many children and siblings, including his immediate younger brother, Senator Suswam who is  immediate past governor of the state. (Daily Asset) MAKURDI - The All Progressive Congress (APC) in Benue, on Thursday said it would sue two radio stations in the state for[pro_ad_display_adzone id="10"] libel. The party's Organizing Secretary, Mr Tutus Zaam told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in[pro_ad_display_adzone id="10"] Makurdi that it would drag Radio Benue and Ashi Waves… In "News" Former Governor of Benue State and Senator representing Benue North East Senatorial District, Senator Gabriel Suswam has kicked against the executive Water Resources Bill saying it will be dead on arrival. Senator Suswam who described the bill as anti-people said it is capable of causing confusion in the country and… In "News" Outgoing Benue State Governor, Dr. Gabriel Suswam has said that 150 communities benefitted from rural electrification project under his administration. Suswam who stated this during an interactive session with newsmen at the Benue Government House in Makurdi yesterday listed other achievements of his administration to include education, infrastructural development, water,… In "Politics"