Presidential aide, Garba Shehu has stated that nobody can bring down the Buhari-led government.  Due to the level of insecurity in the country, there have been agitations by secessionist groups calling for the removal of the Buhari government.  According to the Senior Special Assistant to President Buhari on Media and Publicity, nobody can bring the government down because it is a government elected democratically. “I want to assure Nigerians that the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari is addressing multiple challenges that are facing the country especially in dealing with security and yet we are still making progress in agriculture, economy, anti-corruption. It is sad for the country that opposition is exploiting some of these things. It is quite unfortunate and I want to assure that the president remains focused in preserving the security and unity of this country. We accept that dissent is allowed, this is a democracy and people have a right to tell truth to government but we must be careful in doing that. Nobody can bring down the government because this is a government elected democratically. Government in a democracy come through periodic elections and if we have a government in office as we have, sponsored by political parties to win the elections, it is telling you that that confidence of the public is still there. People with strong ambitions, wait till four years, in fact, in our case, two more years to go to election and President Buhari will not be a candidate in that election” he said.  Source By Godwin Onyeacholem In the light of almost two decades of horrendous governance under the PDP administration, the call for change by a large section of Nigerians was expectedly overwhelmingly loud. Thus, this piece is a response to Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity,… In "Opinion" Magu: Osinbajo Is On His Own, Attorney General Malami Says In "Top Stories" Kaduna   -  Mallam Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant to President Muhammadu Buhari on Media and Publicity, has said that the ongoing anti-corruption campaign is bound to offend many as big toes will be stepped on. Shehu, who made the statement on Friday in Kaduna at the ongoing 3-day Retreat… In "Top Stories"