ABUJA – Dealboku (https://dealboku.com), Nigeria’s leading online services and products deals market place has launched its mobile app. The app is now available on Google play store (https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.dealboku.mobileapplication).Project director of Dealboku, Mrs Hannah Atomode, in a statement issued on Tuesday, said the iOS version of the mobile app would be available soon on App store.She said “Dealboku has been able to come up with a mobile app that is unique in it’s own way. Going through all the e-commerce mobile apps in Nigeria, Dealboku mobile app is ahead of competition because it is very light at 2mb. It is therefore space efficient and makes shopping very easy with good speed. There are various payment options incorporated into the mobile app so a buyer will have no hitch making payment for goods and services”.Also, Dealboku has commenced sale of mobile phones and accessories at heavily discounted prices. The projector director said the e-commerce platform is commencing with six brands namely Samsung, Nokia, Itel, Infinix, Tecno and Huawei. She also said all phones purchased at Dealboku come with 12 months warranty.The phones come with 12 months warranty.Dealboku was launched on 9 July 2020 as the e-commerce subsidiary of Sundiata Post Media Ltd. It is a deals marketplace and products and services are sold in a way that guarantees customers hugely discounted prices on all items bought.Mr Max Amuchie, founder of Dealboku and CEO of Sundiata Post Media Ltd, described the launching of the mobile app as a significant step in the direction of making the e-commerce platform available to a greater number of Nigerians and foreigners resident in Nigeria.He said with the mobile app, which  is very user friendly, all that an existing or prospective customer needs to do is to download the app from Google play store and sign up with login details. Thereafter, the customer can proceed to make purchases.He said Dealboku uses two payment gateway platforms namely Paystack and Flutterwave, both of which are currently the best in the industry, adding that customers’ need not worry about the safety of their card details while using any of the payment platforms. ABUJA (SundiataPost) - Nigeria's latest e-commerce platform, Dealboku (https://dealboku.com) opens for business today, Thursday, 9 July 2020.Dealboku is promoted by Sundiata Post Media Ltd, publishers of Sundiata Post (https://sundiatapost.com), Nigeria's fast growing multimedia news platform.According to a statement signed by Mr. Max Amuchie, Founder/CEO of Sundiata Post Media, Dealboku is… In "Top Stories" ABUJA (SundiataPost) - Nigeria's online deals marketplace, Dealboku, has released a set of frequently asked questions (FAQs) in response to inquiries by customers. The FAQs released by the project consultant, Hannah Atomode, reads:Question: How do I register as a customer?Answer: Kindly log into www.dealboku.com, click on sign in or join… In "Business" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - Nigeria's online deals marketplace, Dealboku (https://dealboku.com), has named it's customer and merchant of the year.According to a statement issued on Thursday by Mrs Hannah Atomode, managing consultant, Mr Goodsuccess Abayomi emerged the Dealboku Customer of the Year 2020 while Ezy Auto Spray is Merchant of the… In "Top Stories"