A 35-year-old man identified as Kingsley Igwe has been arrested by officials of the Anambra police force for allegedly stabbing his 31-year-old wife, Onyinye Obi to death with a kitchen knife in the early hours of today March 4, at the home they share at Dueze street Otigba in the 3-3 Area of the state.  A statement released by Haruna Mohammed, spokesperson of the state police command, said the suspect allegedly ran amok in circumstances yet to be ascertained and attacked his wife with a kitchen knife, inflicting multiple fatal injuries all over her body. ”Police detectives visited the scene and rushed the victim to Apex hospital for medical attention but was certified dead on arrival by a medical doctor. Corpse deposited at the hospital’s morgue for autopsy. The knife used in perpetrating the act was also recovered and resgistered as exhibit.” Haruna said. The spokesperson added that the state Commissioner of Police, CP Monday Bala Kuryas, has directed the DPO to transfer the case to State CID, Awka, for discreet investigation in order to unravel the actual cause of the incident.  Source A 57-year-old Nigerian man has gotten himself into serious trouble after allegedly stabbing his brother to death.   The Kano State Police Command said it had arrested a 57-year-old man, Tijjani Yahaya, for allegedly stabbing his 20-year-old brother, Aminu Mohammad, to death, PM News reports. This is contained in a statement… In "Metro" A 41-year old man, Ogbonna Nwankwo has been arrested for allegedly attempting to murder a 29-year old woman Bella Joseph at Dollar inn Motel Ihite in Orumba South LGA of Anambra. The suspect was said to have attempted to remove the victim’s breast after stabbing her with a knife causing… In "News" A 30-year-old housewife, Mrs Janet Jegede has been arrested by the Ekiti Police Command for allegedly stabbing her husband, Jegede, to death at their house on Alafiatayo, zone 1, Bamgboye area of Ado Ekiti, the state capital. The Nation gathered that the wife who was said to be a professional… In "Metro"