•Emir of Zazzau, Ambassador Ahmed Bamali KADUNA – Emir of Zazzau, Ambassador Ahmed Bamali, and Emir of Birnin-Gwari, Alhaji Zubairu Maigwari II, have stated their subjects have paid hundreds of millions as ransom to bandits. They spoke at the presentation of 2020 security reports to Governor Nasir El-Rufai in Kaduna. Maigwari said: “It is terrible when you see 200 to 300 bandits with weapons surrounding a village and killings people and collecting their money. Our people paid hundreds of millions of naira as ransom.” Bamali commended security forces but said:  “We still have challenges in Zaria, Giwa because after 6pm some areas become no go area. There are other dangerous places.” Traditional ruler of Zangon-Kataf, Agwatyap, Chief Dominic Yahaya, said despite occasional banditry and kidnappings in his domain, the peace committee he set up was not discouraged to ensure peace in the area. Agwa tyap, Dominic Yahaya said: “However, when perpetrators are arrested and taken to the police, we don’t know what happened afterwards. “We will continue to tread the path of peace. We will continue to work very hard to ensure that there is no reprisal”. (The Nation) President Muhammadu Buhari promised Nigerians on Thursday that bandits, criminals and kidnappers will continue to be dealt with by security agents. “The Government shall continue to deal with insurgents, bandits, kidnappers and other criminals who constitute a threat to innocent citizens across the country. “Criminals are criminals and should be… In "News" President Muhammadu Buhari on Thursday ruled out the possibility of the Federal Government’s readiness to grant amnesty to armed criminals terrorising the country, saying his government will continue to deal decisively with bandits, kidnappers and insurgents. The President who stated this while declaring open the a joint security meeting of… In "News" By Abubakar Ahmed Anka -. Zamfara Council of Chiefs has requested the Federal Government to set up a panel or commission of inquiry to establish those behind banditry in the state and punish them. The Chairman of the council and Emir of Anka, Alhaji Attahiru Ahmad, made the appeal on… In "News"