GUSAU – Some students who were studying at a secondary school in Damaga community, Maradun Local Government Area of Zamfara State, fled on Wednesday when armed bandits struck. Residents said dozens of unidentified armed men arrived on motorcycles and opened fire immediately. At least 13 people were reportedly killed in the attack while cows were also rustled. “They arrived at the community around 1pm and started shooting people. Students were taking lessons at the Day Secondary School in the community but on sighting the armed criminals, they abandoned the classrooms and scampered for safety” “As I’m talking to you, the bodies of the victims are being recovered and we have concluded arrangements for their burial,” a resident identified as Musa Damaga told Daily Trust. When contacted, Police Public Relations Officer in the state, SP Muhammad Shehu, simply said: “Give me some time I will get back to you.” Zamfara is one of the states where bandits have made life a living hell for the people. Worried by the high rate of attacks, President Muhammadu Buhari had declared the state a no-fly zone and also banned mining activities. He had also ordered the deployment of 6,000 troops in the state. (Daily Trust) Some gunmen who are suspected to be bandits have struck again in Zamfara State. The gunmen invaded Ruwan Tofa village in the Maru Local Government Area of Zamfara State, abducting over 70 people, including nursing mothers and children. According to SaharaReporters, it was gathered that the armed men riding motorcycles,… In "News" At least 50 persons have been reportedly killed while 31 sustained injuries after suspected bandits attacked some communities in Zamfara state during the weekend. The armed men were said to have attacked communities in Maru, Gusau and Birnin Magaji local government areas of the state. The attackers came in motorcycles,… In "News" Some students of the Government Girls Secondary School, Jangebe, Zamfara State, who managed to escape have said that there were women the armed gang who abducted him. It had been reported that the school, which is located within the Talata-Mafara Local Government Area of the state, came under siege by… In "News"