Alex Iwobi, the popular Super Eagles midfielder, has tested positive for coronavirus. The PUNCH gathered that he will miss the match against Benin Republic at 5pm. By testing positive, Iwobi is also expected to miss next Tuesday’s clash against Lesotho at the Teslim Balogun stadium in Lagos. According to reports, Benin’s Rodrigue kossi and Jacques Bessan will also miss out for testing positive. In the earlier fixture between both teams, in November 2019, the Squirrels shocked the Eagles with a goal inside the first five minutes at the Godswill Akpabio Stadium in Uyo, before goals by Victor Osimhen (from six yards after defender Olaoluwa Aina was upended in the box) and Samuel Kalu (after a solo run) earned the Eagles all the points at stake. Nigeria followed up with a 4-2 defeat of Lesotho in Maseru four days later to fly to the top of the pool, but draws in their home-and-away duels with Sierra Leone a year later (the long interlude as a result of the coronavirus pandemic) prolonged celebrations of qualification and drew the sharp angle of fans’ tongues. Details later…  The Super Eagles midfielder may not recover in time to help his side’s title chase after an injury against the Barea. Nigeria captain John Obi Mikel could miss the remainder of the country's campaign at the 2019 Africa Cup of Nations. Mikel strained his knee in the Super Eagles’ 2-0… In "Sports" Super Eagles management has dismissed reports in some quarters that some of the players in the team’s Austria camp have tested positive for COVID-19. Some sections of the media had reported on Thursday that four players of the Super Eagles tested positive for the deadly COVID-19 and had to undergo… In "Sports" Super Eagles striker Paul Onuachu has tested positive for coronavirus, according to his Belgian club Genk. But his club mates and compatriots Stephen Odey and Cyril Dessers tested negative. The 26-year-old striker is the only positive case in the club. “In the run-up to the first exhibition game of the… In "Sports"