The Edo State Governor, Mr. Godwin Obaseki at the weekend maintained that he has no personal grudges against his predecessor and former chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, but only dislikes his style of politics. Obaseki disclosed this to journalists in Auchi, Etsako-West Local Government Area of the state, at the Centenary Birthday Thanksgiving of Msgr. Thomas Oleghe and 18th Canonical Erection Anniversary of the Diocese of Auchi held at Immaculate Conception Cathedral in Auchi. Obaseki, who exchanged greetings with an elbow-bump in compliance with COVID-19 preventive protocols, with his predecessor, said they are both sons of Edo with the interest of the state at heart. The governor said: “I don’t have anything personal against Oshiomhole. I may not like his politics, but he has not done anything personal against me. We all are interacting with the interest of the country and the development of our community at heart.” The governor said the Zonal Congress of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), which was scheduled to hold this Saturday, was postponed due to the local government elections taking place in Delta State. “The Zonal Congress, which was to hold today has been postponed to Tuesday and it’s a normal routine to satisfy the party’s constitution; there is nothing amiss,” he added. On his part, Oshiomhole, who was a guest at the event, hailed his successor, Governor Obaseki, describing him as ‘his brother and friend.’ Oshiomhole stated: “Once the governor speaks, the matter ends. The governor knows that pensioners here might not be able to do much, that is why he said every other thing required to complete the hostel of the Catholic School of Nursing and Midwifery in Uzairue, his government will do.” The Nation It couldn’t get worse. Like many family feuds, offence festered as quickly as affection grew. In this case, though, there was some hope that the feuding parties had too much going for them to risk losing all. And for what? Comrade Adams Oshiomhole was the common glue. A decorated unionist… In "Column - Thursday" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Comrade Adams Oshiomhole has said that the alleged rift between himself and his successor, Governor Godwin Obaseki is the creation of people with personal interest, describing Obaseki as his brother. Oshiomhole said this on Monday night while receiving… In "News" The campaigns of the first-tier contenders in the Edo governorship election have been largely ensconced in the agitprop of godfatherism. While Godwin Obaseki, incumbent governor of the state, claims he is wrestling against the forces of recidivism who have held Edo down and who want to keep lording it over… In "Opinion"