By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  The Senate Committee on Customs, Excise, and Tariff has threatened to issue warrant of arrest on chairman of Yokohama Motors if he fails again to honour it’s invitation to appear before it on Thursday. This comes as counsel to Yokohama Motors Kanu Agabi and Associates, represented by Barrister Kanu Oko, insisted that the section of the constitution that gives the Senate their powers only gives them the power when it relates to issues of making laws for the Federal Republic of Nigeria, with emphasis laid on section 88 (2) of the constitution. Indeed, the committee declared that Yokohama Motors is owing Federal Government customs duties worth millions of naira, but when the committee invited Yokohama Motors to throw light on those millions of naira they have not paid, Yokohama “went to Kanu Agabi Chamber to obtain a letter saying that the Committee cannot invite him to our meeting” adding “we are not over sighting Yokohama. We are saying he should throw more light on the Custom duty that he evaded”. Chairman of the Committee, Senator Francis Alimekhena made the disclosure on Tuesday shortly after the Committee’s meeting in Abuja. “Instead of him to pay the money, he is running to various legal practitioners to obtain the letter. We have invited Chairman of Yokohama Motors to appear before us on Thursday unfailingly otherwise we will issue a warrant of arrest” he said. Acccording to the lawmaker, the amount of money involved is about N575 million that he is owing the Federal Government. Meanwhile, a lawyer in the chamber of  Kanu Agabi and Associates, Barrister Kanu Oko, said “I believe if the Chairman of the Committee takes a look at the section just mentioned, they will understand the limits of their power. They feel and have made us understand that the Senate has unfettered powers and that their powers are limitless; they said that to us. But I believe that a court of competent jurisdiction will see to it in good time”. Kanu said they are seeking legal option because the senate committee cannot take the law into their hands. •Nnamdi Kanu A criminal complaint has been lodged against the leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Nnamdi Kanu, at the International Criminal Court (ICC), in The Hague, Netherlands. The complaint dated September 2, 2019, was filed by one Thomas Carroll of GAYLORD POPP, LLC, acting on behalf of… In "Top Stories" Abuja    -      Japan will now host two of the biggest events on the athletics calendar in successive years after the choice of Yokohama for the 2019 IAAF World Relays. The International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) said in a statement on Friday that its Council voted this week to award… In "Sports" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - Lagos lawyer and human rights activist, Festus Keyamo, on Tuesday stunned the Senate when he told its Committee on Ethics, Privileges and Public Petitions that it lacked the powers to summon the immediate past Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC)‎, Mr. Ibrahim Lamorde,… In "News"