Bandits have killed four persons in another attack on Igabi and Jema’a Local Government areas of Kaduna state. Three persons were killed by bandits in Ungwan Lalle village, Igabi local government area while one was killed in an attack on Niima Clinic in Golgofa village of Jemaa local government. The incidents occurred in the early hours of Monday 22nd March 2021 Commissioner for Internal Security and Home Affairs, Samuel Aruwan confirmed in a statement on Tuesday. He said the bandits initially attempted to barricade the Kwanar Tsintsiya road, along the Kaduna-Zaria highway but were repelled by troops and vigilante on patrol. According to him, “As the bandits retreated to their camp, they attacked the village and killed the following locals: Dayyabu Yarima, Dalhatu Ashiru and Suleiman Samatu. “In another incident, troops of Operation Safe Haven reported that gunmen attacked Niima Clinic in Golgofa village, Jema’a local government area, late Monday night. “One person on the staff of the clinic was killed, and three others sustained gunshot injuries.” The Nation •A file photo of a gun seized from crime suspects in Nigeria  KADUNA - Six persons have been killed by bandits during fresh village attacks in Igabi and Kauru Local Government Areas (LGAs) of Kaduna State. This latest killing took place barely 24 hours after attacks by bandits in Zango… In "Top Stories" Kidnappers and gunmen have sustained attacks in different parts of the country abducting 75 persons and killing 18 others. In Niger State, no fewer than 50 persons were abducted in the early hours of Thursday when bandits attacked Bassa community in the Shiroro Local Government Area of the state. Nine… In "News" …Kaduna, Zamfara, Borno deadliest states…North-West deadliest zone AS flames of violence and other forms of lives guzzling insecurity flicker in many parts of the country, Nigeria has literally become a killing field. In the first six weeks of 2021, lives of no fewer than 1,525 persons have been wasted across… In "Top Stories"