Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu has gifted Nollywood veteran, Lanre Hassan, popularly known as Iya Awero, a three-bedroom flat. Iya Awero’s house is located in the newly commissioned Prince Abiodun Ogunleye Housing Estate, Igbogbo, Lagos State. The Chief Press Secretary to Lagos State Governor, Gboyega Akosile, announced Sanwo-Olu’s gift on Twitter on Wednesday. Akosile also shared a video of the handing over with the caption: “Governor @jidesanwoolu today commissioned and delivered and renamed the LagosHoms, Igbogbo as Prince Abiodun Ogunleye Housing Estate, Igbogbo.” 70-year-old Mama Awero began her career in the movie industry with the Ojo Ladipo Theatre Group. Her acting career has spanned over four decades and she has featured in both the Yoruba and English speaking sectors of the film industry. Before she became a celebrated movie star, her acting career was met with some resistance from her parents and guardians in the early days. It took much convincing before they finally accepted her career choice. Also, she faced a strong career resistance from her late husband upon marriage but he was later convinced by the late Diran Ajijedidun of the Nigerian Television Authority and Bank Olemo. She has featured in movies such as King of Boys, Owo Blow, Family on Fire, Sade Blade, among others. Watch the video below; The Nation The governor of Lagos State, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has gifted veteran Nollywood actress, Lanre Hassan popularly known as Iya Awero, a three-bedroom apartment. The governor gave Iya Awero the apartment as he commissioned, delivered and renamed the LagosHoms, Igbogbo as Prince Abiodun Ogunleye Housing Estate, Igbogbo. The Chief Press Secretary to… In "News" A former governor of Lagos state, Babatunde Fashola on Wednesday was honoured by Gov Babajide Sanwo Olu after he named a housing estate, Lagos HOMS, Iponri after him. The project is now known as ‘BRFHOMS, Iponri’. The governor commissioned the project on Wednesday, delivering additional 132 homes to the housing… In "Politics" By Folasade Adeniran Lagos, - Gov. Akinwunmi Ambode of Lagos State on Thursday assured that all housing schemes spread across the state would be ready for residents who applied under the Lagos Home Ownership Mortgage Scheme (Lagos HOMS) within the next six months. Ambode, who gave the assurance when he… In "News"