RECRUITMENT SCAM: A DISCLAIMERThe  Board and Management of the Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS) hereby notifies the general public of the activities of fraudsters extorting unsuspecting job seekers under the pretense of getting them jobs in the Service. Already, these criminally-minded persons have defrauded many innocent Nigerians of their hard-earned money through this illegal scheme. Although some of the perpetrators of this illegal job racketeering have been arrested, the Service wishes to dissociate itself from this recruitment scam. The Service also wishes to reiterate that whenever it decides to carry out recruitment, adverts and notices would be placed in the appropriate channels,  and due process would be followed. This way, no candidate would be required to pay anything to be employed into the Service.The general public is therefore advised to be wary of carrying out any cash transactions with anybody or group of persons for the purpose of job placements in the Service, and should also report such to the appropriate authorities.Please be guided.Signed:Muhammad NamiExecutive Chairman Abuja  -  The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) on Monday dissociated itself from scandalous adverts on employment from the commission. This is contained in a statement signed by the Head, Media and Publicity of the Commission, Mr Wilson Uwujaren, made available in Abuja. According to the statement, the scam… In "News" ABUJA - Mr David Parradang, the Comptroller-General, Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS) has urged Nigerians seeking employment into the service to disregard money-for-job offers by individuals, saying they are scams. This is contained in a statement signed by Mr Chukwuemeka Obua, the service Public Relations Officer (PRO) and made available to… In "News" By Ariwidola Idowu Ado Ekiti - Gov. Kayode Fayemi of Ekiti, on Friday said that no genuine staff of the state public service was sacked by his government. Fayemi, in a statement by his Chief Press Secretary, Mr Olayinka Oyebode, explained that he was only correcting the fundamental error of his predecessor, Mr… In "Politics"