The National Agency for the Prohibition of Trafficking in Persons (NAPTIP), has solicited the assistance of the Nigerian Air Force (NAF) to combat human trafficking. NAPTIP Director General (DG), Hajiya Imaan Sulaiman-Ibrahim, who made the appeal during a visit to the Chief of Air Staff, Air Marshal Oladayo Amao, sought NAF’s support in the areas of intelligence gathering and technical training of its personnel. According to her, “human trafficking is the second most lucrative criminal enterprise in the world that poses human and strategic risks to national securities of nations” The DG stated further that “human trafficking as a form of modern-day slavery is lucrative as it is a $150 billion industry, hence the need for all stakeholders to synergize to tackle the menace”. She also disclosed that plans were underway by the Agency to establish a training academy and requested NAF assistance towards the provision of infrastructure. In his remarks the CAS, Air commended NAPTIP over the fight against human trafficking in Nigeria, assuring of NAF’s willingness to partner with the Agency. He said the Agency could leverage on NAF School of Air Intelligence at Makurdi to train its personnel in acquiring basic knowledge to bring them up to speed in intelligence gathering to combat human trafficking. According to Amao, “it is good that we all work together to keep our citizens and nation safe.” The Nation By Aderogba GeorgeAbuja - The National Agency for the Prohibition of Trafficking in Persons (NAPTIP) says the agency has adopted world best practices in handling victims of human trafficking. The Director General of the agency, Mrs Julie Okah-Donli, said this at a news conference on Tuesday in Abuja. According to… In "News" By Moses Omoregieva and Solomon Asowata Lagos - Nigerian carrier, Air Peace has pledged to provide employment for some victims of human trafficking who have been successfully rehabilitated by the National Agency for the Prohibition of Trafficking in Persons (NAPTIP). The airline said the partnership was part of its contribution… In "News" By Aderogba George Abuja - Mrs Julie Okah-Donli, the Director-General, National Agency for the Prohibition of Trafficking in Persons (NAPTIP), has restated the agency’s commitment to fight human trafficking. Okah-Donli made this pledge in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja on Monday. According to her,… In "Metro"