Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  Meghan Markle revealed Sunday night that the royal family raised “concerns” with Prince Harry over how dark son Archie’s skin might be. Markle said in her tell-all Oprah interview that while still pregnant with Archie, she was told her son wouldn’t have a royal title and that they wouldn’t be entitled to security. Asked by Oprah whether she thinks it was “because of his race,” Markle appeared to agree. “All around this same time — we have in tandem the conversation of, ‘He won’t be given security, he’s not going to be given a title,’ and also concerns and conversations about how dark his skin might be when he’s born,” she replied. Markle would not say who the conversations were with, but claimed there were “several” about the potential color of Archie’s skin. “About how dark your baby is going to be?” Oprah asked. “Potentially, and what that would mean or look like,” Markle replied. Asked about the conversation later in the interview, Harry refused to elaborate much more. “That conversation I am never going to share, but at the time it was awkward, I was a bit shocked,” he said. But he did say that discussion of “what will the kids look like?” came “right at the beginning.” “That was right at the beginning, when she wasn’t going to get security, when members of my family were suggesting that she carries on acting, because there was not enough money to pay for her, all this sort of stuff,” he said. “Like, there was some real obvious signs before we even got married that this was going to be really hard.” The first child of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, Archie was born in May 2019. Markle also said Sunday night that before she gave birth to Archie, she was told her son wouldn’t have a royal title or receive security. The Sussexes are expecting their second child and revealed it will be a girl Sunday night. (New  York Post) Princess Charlotte and Prince George given roles as attendance of Meghan Markle’s father still uncertain. As Meghan Markle’s father looked increasingly unlikely to be walking her down the aisle on Saturday, Kensington Palace announced details of those who would definitely be accompanying the bride. Princess Charlotte, aged three, and Prince… In "Foreign" Meghan Markle, the actress, yoga-lover and now fiancée of Prince Harry seems to have won the part of lifetime. Stepping into the warm embrace of the Royal family, Ms Markle crossed the Atlantic last year to start a new life, worlds away from the one she knew. Her life will… In "Foreign" Prince Charles will walk Meghan Markle down the aisle on Saturday when she marries Prince Harry, Kensington Palace has said. Ms Markle's father, Thomas, is unable to attend the wedding, after undergoing heart surgery. The Prince of Wales was "pleased to be able to welcome Ms Markle to the Royal… In "Foreign"