The Federal Executive Council (FEC) on Wednesday gave a minute silence in honour of two former Ministers Senator Bode Olowoporoku and Alhaji Umaru Muhammad Baba.  The virtual FEC meeting, which was presided over by Vice President Yemi Osinbajo (SAN), had seven members physically present in the Executive Council Chambers of the State House. Officially announcing the passage of the two former ministers to Council, the Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF), Mr Boss Mustapha, recalled their various services to the country. Senator Olowoporoku, who served as Senator representing Ekiti South Senatorial, was Minister of Science and Technology in the Second Republic. He died on Wednesday, March 24, 2021 at 76. Baba was at different times Minister of State for Petroleum Resources and Minister of State for Defence. He died on Friday, March 26, 2021 at 81. Also at the FEC meeting is Chief of Staff to President Professor Ibrahim Gambari and National Security Adviser (NSA), Major-General Babagana Monguno (Rtd). The Ministers in physical attendance include those of Transportation Rotimi Amaechi; Power Engr. Mamman Saleh; Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed and Finance, Budget and National Planning, Mrs Zainab Ahmed. Others are Ministers of the FCT, Mallam Mohammed Bello; Aviation Senator Hadi Sirika and the Attorney General and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami. The Head of Civil Service of the Federation, Dr Folasade Yemi-Esan as well as other members of Council joined the meeting virtually.  Source The Code of Conduct Bureau (CCB) and the Police Service Commission (PSC) have gotten new members. This comes about after President Muhammadu Buhari had them sworn-in during a brief ceremony. The President performed the brief ceremony for the three new members of the CCB and one for the PSC just… In "Politics" By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari is currently presiding over the eighth virtual meeting of the Federal Executive Council holding (FEC) with some Ministries, Departments and Agencies expected to make presentations during the meeting. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the affected ministries include Ministries of… In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  President Muhammadu Buhari is presiding over the 10th virtual Federal Executive Council (FEC) meeting at the State House in Abuja. The meeting, which started at 10am with rendition of the national anthem, also observed a minute silence in honour of the father of Kwara Governor, Abdulganiyu… In "News"