According to a report by DailyPost, members of the All Progressives Congress in Zamfara state offered millions to abductors of Jangebe school girls in order for them not to release the girls.  The report revealed that Dr. Sani Abdullah Shinkafi, leader of the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA) in Zamfara State made the revelation. According to him, APC leaders in the Zamfara offered 56 million naira to bandits to refuse the release of Jangebe abducted girls. He said that their aim was to sabotage the peace effort of Governor Bello Mohammed Matawalle. Shinkafi, who was the 2019 governorship candidate of APGA in Zamfara State, made the allegation during a press briefing. “I, therefore, challenge politicians from both the ruling and opposition parties to subject their telephone numbers to security checks since I am confident that the story that will come out of that process would be shocking,” he said. According to him, the security checks on the personal telephones of the selected politicians should be from 25th of February to the time when the girls were released. Continuing, Shinkafi said that some APC members in Zamfara State were desperate to ensure that Matawalle failed in his commitment to transform the state, pointing out that security operatives needed to be active in curtailing the insecurity situation affecting the country. He urged the youth not to allow themselves to be used as stooges for burning down Nigeria by some desperate and selfish politicians, advising them to focus more on building the nation. Shinkafi also called on the government to come up with an initiative that will help in empowering the youth by creating job opportunities for them.  Source The Zamfara State Governor, Bello Matawalle, on Tuesday insisted that he would reveal the identities of people behind the abduction of over 300 students of Government Girls’ Secondary School, Jangebe in the Talata Mafara Local Government Area of the state. The governor, who stated this in an interview with one… In "News" By Abubakar Ahmed Gusau, - A Coalition of Political Parties in Zamfara has called on the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to cancel last Saturday’s National Assembly (NASS) elections held in the state. Spokesman of the coalition and governorship candidate of All Progressive Grand Alliance (APGA) in the state, Alhaji… In "News" Islamic scholar Sheikh Ahmad Gumi has said abductors of the Zamfara schoolgirls were not the bandits he recently engaged with in Zamfara forests. The Nation had reported bandits stormed Government Secondary School Jangebe in Talata Mafara Local Government Area around 1am Friday and abducted over 300 female students. Zamfara Commissioner… In "News"