The Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA), has raised alarm over the increasing rate of illegal and criminal activities going on in the popular Gudu electrical and auto spare parts market. A combined team of FCT Ministerial Committee on City Sanitation and Enforcement squad of Abuja Environmental Protection Board (AEPB) stormed the market on Friday to sensitize and also issue a 72 hours ultimatum to illegal traders. The team also warned them of imminent enforcement of a court order to rid the market of all illegalities. Managing Director, Abuja Market Management Limited, Arc. Ibrahim Uzaibat confirmed that traders had been alerted over several contraventions and illegal activities tarnishing the image of the market. Uzaibat said all major markets in Abuja have approved blueprint that must not be compromised, and that comprehensive sanitation exercise had commenced in some markets to restore sanity and shoppers confidence. “Court order has been issued to the traders for them to abate these nuisances. This intervention exercise is billed to take place anytime soon. Before it happens however, on behalf of the Federal Capital Territory Administration, we wish to inform every trader, shop owners, market users and other stakeholders in Gudu market Abuja of the plan to sanitize the market of all illegal incursions, trading activities in unauthorised places as well as all criminal elements,” Uzaibat noted. The Chairman, FCT Ministerial Committee on City Sanitation, Ikharo Attah said the exercise had become necessary, as the market had been overtaken by illegalities that threaten public safety. The Nation FCTA demolishes 134 houses in Apo Akpmajenya indigenous community By Salisu Sani-Idris Abuja - The Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) on Saturday demolished 134 houses at Apo Akpmajenya indigenous community, to pave way for the construction of a major road network in the area. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN)… In "News" ABUJA - Apo Traders Association (ATAS), Abuja, has said they lost over N200m to the violence that erupted on Monday between the #EndSARS protesters and some miscreants, who went on a rampage, killing people and burning shops, houses and vehicles in the process. BusinessDay on Tuesday reported that what… In "Business" It was utter anxiety and confusion that took over Abuja on Friday as the Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) Ministerial Task Team on Enforcement of COVID-19 guidelines began demolition of buildings. The Task Team stormed Karu, a satellite town of the capital city and demolished some illegal structures, including drinking… In "News"