Ondo State Governor, Oluwarotimi Akeredolu, has said he would not hesitate to sack any of his aides who displayed any acts of disloyalty.  Governor Akeredolu was however not specific if disloyalty to his party – the All Progressives Congress (APC) would also lead to the sack. He spoke at the swearing-in of four Commissioners. Those sworn in were Mr. Wale Akinterinwa (Commissioner for Finance) Mr Ojogo Kimikanboh Donald (Commissioner for Information) Sir Charles Titiloye (Commissioner for Justice and Attorney General) and Engr. Aminu Raimi Olayiwola (Commissioner for Works). The Governor said they were to resume duties immediately at the ministries were they served in his first term. Akeredolu said anybody sacked for being disloyalty would not be recalled. According to him, “We will sanction disloyalty with dispatch. We will not allow it to fester. There will be no room for an explanation because the choices I made are deliberate. “My resolve to bring you back underscores the importance of the quality of services you rendered in our first term. Our people are expecting a lot. It behoves on us to sustain the level of excellence.”  Source A pressure group within the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), Ondo APC Mandate Group (OAMG), has threatened to work against the party should the party give Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu second term ticket in view of array of anti-party allegations against him. Addressing newsmen at the APC National Secretariat in Abuja… In "Politics" No doubt, today’s governorship election in Ondo State is a fierce battle to be fought by three political titans in the state and the outcome of the election will determine the strength of each of the three contestants. No fewer than 15 political parties had initially shown interest in the… In "Politics" By Ayodeji Alabi Akure - Gov. Oluwarotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State on Wednesday pleaded with members of the All Progressives Congress (APC) to shun violence during the forthcoming governorship election in the state. Akeredolu gave the advice in Akure during the inauguration of the Akeredolu/ Aiyedatiwa Governorship Campaign Committees saddled… In "Politics"