A man, Yusuf Saliu, has been arrested by policemen attached to the Mushin division of the Lagos State Police Command for allegedly stealing a police motorcycle.  The 32-year-old suspect allegedly perpetrated the act when hoodlums attacked the Dalemo Police Post during the #EndSARS demonstrations in the state.  The state Police Public Relations Officer, CSP Muyiwa Adejobi, in a statement on Thursday, said the motorcycle had been recovered, adding that the state Commissioner of Police, Hakeem Odumosu, ordered the command’s special squad to take over the case for further investigation. Adejobi said, “The suspect was arrested on March 22, 2021, around 9.30pm, based on intelligence on the activities and involvement of the suspect in the vandalisation of the Daleko Police Post, as the suspect was seen riding the said bike with number plate APP 476 Q.  “The CP has, however, reiterated the command’s readiness to work with members of the public on sharing of useful information and exchange of ideas that will assist the command in combating crime and criminality in the state.”  Source LAGOS - The #EndSARS protesters at Lekki, Lagos State have arrested and handed over a protester, Yusuf Lawal of Ojuelegba area of Lagos for stealing a phone.   Lawal, a 25-year-old, was apprehended on Saturday.   The protesters, who were angry about the incident, descended on him.   They then… In "Top Stories" The police in Lagos have begun the arraignment of all suspected hoodlums arrested in connection with the mayhem unleashed on the state in the aftermath of the Lekki tollgate shootings at #EndSARS protesters by soldiers. No fewer than 520 suspects were arrested by the police in relation to arson,… In "News" Detectives attached to Ishara Division of the Ogun State Police Command, have arrested one Gbenga Ogunfolabo, 47, at Ishara in Remo North Local Government Area of Ogun State, for stabbing his wife, Bosede Ogunfolabo, to death with broken bottle during a fight. According to a statement by the Command’s PPRO… In "News"