Abdulrasheed Bawa, the Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, has appeared before an Ikeja High Court to give evidence in a N1.4 billion fraud trial involving an oil company, Nadabo Energy, Vanguard reports.  Bawa, before his confirmation as EFCC chairman, had earlier appeared before the court last year as a prosecution witness. The EFCC had accused Abubakar Ali Peters and his company, Nadabo Energy of allegedly using forged documents to obtain N1,464,961,978.24 from the Federal Government as oil subsidy after allegedly inflating the quantity of premium motor spirit, PMS purportedly supplied to the tune of 14,000m. The defendants had pleaded not guilty to the prosecution’s fraud charge. Bawa, in his previous testimony, had told the court that based on the investigation carried out on the defendant’s dealings with Staco Insurance Company, “the Certificate of marine insurance used by the defendant for the transaction in question was forged.” The matter was adjourned by Justice Balogun to February 10, 16, 23 and March 9, 2021 for the continuation of trial. Bawa is currently giving more evidence in the trial as at the time of filing this report.  Source IKEJA - The trial of an oil marketer, Rowaye Jubril, charged with N963.7 million fuel subsidy fraud was on Monday stalled due to the absence of his counsel, Mr Raphael Oluyede.[pro_ad_display_adzone id="10"] The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Jubril and his company, Brila Energy Ltd., are standing trial… In "News" IKEJA - ,An Ikeja High Court on Tuesday adjourned the trial of an oil marketer, Rowaye Jubril, charged with N963.7 million fuel subsidy fraud, till Feb. 16, 2015. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Jubril was charged before Justice Lateefat Okunnu by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission… In "News" IKEJA -The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) on Tuesday said the signature of an oil marketer, Ifeanyi Anosike, was forged by one of the co-defendants to commit the N1.5 billion subsidy fraud. The EFCC made the admission through one of its investigative officers, Mrs Oghara Eburu, at the resumption… In "News"