Umaru Tafida Argungu, the former Senator who represented Kebbi North in the 6th Senate was arraigned before Justice Mohammed Mohammed of the Sokoto State High Court today for fraud.  Senator Argungu was arraigned by The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, on one count charge of criminal misappropriation of public funds to the tune of N419, 744, 612. 30 (Four Hundred and Nineteen Million, Seven Hundred and Forty-Four Thousand, Six Hundred and Twelve Naira, Thirty Kobo). The former Senator was alleged to have diverted the said sum which was paid by the Sokoto State government as 40percent equity stake in Hijrah Investment Nigeria Limited, owners of Hijrah Textile Ltd. The Sokoto state government had entered into an agreement with the former Senator to buy a 40% stake in his company Hijrah Investment Nigeria Limited in order to create jobs and boost the economy of the state. However, investigations revealed several withdrawals and transfers from the said account to individuals not remotely connected to the objectives of turning around the company. A visit to the company promises by investigators showed a company in a severe state of abandonment and dilapidation. The charge reads: “That you Senator Umar Tafida while being the Chairman of Hijrah Textiles Company Limited and Hijrah Investment Nigeria Limited sometime between 2016 and 2017 at Sokoto within the jurisdiction of the High Court of Justice Sokoto State, being entrusted with the total sum of N419, 744, 612. 30 (Four Hundred and Nineteen Million, Seven Hundred and Forty Four Thousand, Six Hundred and Twelve Naira, Thirty Kobo) paid by the Sokoto State government, representing 40% investment of shareholding in your company to boost the economy of the state, dishonestly misappropriated the money in violation of the mode in which such trust was to be discharged and thereby committed Criminal Breach of Trust contrary to Section 311 of the Penal Code Law CAP 89, Laws of Northern Nigeria and punishable under Section 312 of the same Law”. He pleaded not guilty to the charge. Based on his plea, the prosecution counsel, S.H. Sa’ad asked the Court for a date to commence trial while defence counsel, Ibrahim Abdullahi move a verbal motion for the bail of his client. Justice Mohammed granted the defendant bail in the sum of N50 million (Fifty Million Naira) and two sureties in like sum. The sureties must reside and have property within the jurisdiction of the Court. The judge further ruled that the defendant’s international passport be deposited with the Court. The case has been adjourned till March 18, 2021 for the commencement of trial.  Source By Ibrahim Bello Birnin Kebbi - The Federal Road Maintenance Agency (FERMA) said on Wednesday that nine out of the 12 roads rehabilitation contracts awarded by the Federal Government in Kebbi have been completed. Malam Rilwanu Usman, Federal Road Maintenance Engineer in Kebbi, made this known in an interview with… In "News" • EFCC Acting Chairman, Ibrahim Magu ABUJA - After securing the conviction of former Abia State governor, Orji Uzor Kalu, the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has stepped up the investigation of three incumbent governors and eight others who have completed their tenures. The sitting governors under investigation by… In "Top Stories" Sokoto - The Department of Petroleum Resources (DPR) says it has sealed no fewer than 16 petrol filling stations in Sokoto and Kebbi states in the last seven days for allegedly selling above the official pump price. Mr Mohammed Makera, the Operations Controller of the DPR in Sokoto State Field… In "News"