A former Emir of Kano, Muhammadu Sanusi II has been appointed as the Vice-Chairman of the Kaduna Investment Promotion Agency (KADIPA). Governor Nasir El-Rufai while welcoming Sanusi at the inauguration of the KADIPA board charged the citizens to redouble its efforts in making Kaduna State the topmost investment destination in Nigeria, by improving its Ease of Doing Business ranking. The governor disclosed that KADIPA has been a very important and successful vehicle in the investment drive of the state, helping since 2015 to attract over$2.1bn in actual and pledged investments. El Rufai also pointed out that KADIPA will be competing not just with other states in Nigeria for investments but with all emerging markets, adding that the agency should not rest on its oars in its drive to attract businesses to Kaduna state. It will be recalled that the World Bank had rated Kaduna state as the best sub-national in its 2018 Ease of Doing Business ranking and in 2020, the Nigerian Investment Promotion Commission(NIPC) ranked the state as the first in the quantum of foreign direct investment attracted within the first six months of the year. Responding on behalf of other members, Deputy Governor of Kaduna state and the Chair of the Board, Dr Hadiza Balarabe assured the governor of their commitment to improving on the record of KADIPA, given the calibre of persons on the Board. Also speaking, His Highness, Alhaji Muhammadu Sanusi II and the Vice Chairman of the Board expressed delight at attending its first meeting since he was made a member. The former Governor of Central Bank of Nigeria and a renowned economist, promised to contribute his best to uplifting KADIPA. He also gave his commitment to make inputs in the overall policy of Kaduna State Government. Source Barely 24 hours after he was deposed as the Emir and banished from Kano, Governor Nasir El-Rufa’i of Kaduna State, has appointed Malam Muhammad Sanusi II into the board of the Kaduna Investment Promotion Agency (KADIPA). A statement from Sir Kashim Ibrahim House said that, “the appointment is part of… In "News" By Hussaina Yakubu Kaduna   -Gov. Nasir El-Rufai of Kaduna state, says his administration has attracted 25 new businesses worth over $500 million as it continues to open up the business space in the state. El-Rufai made the disclosure on Monday at the opening of the 5th Kaduna Investments Summit. He… In "Politics" By Hussaina Yakubu Kaduna -  Kaduna State Governor, Malam Nasiru El-Rufai, on Wednesday performed the ground breaking ceremony of 600 housing units and a world class shopping mall in Kaduna. The governor, while laying the blocks in Kaduna Millennium City, said that the investment was a Public Private Partnership anchored… In "News"