The Senate yesterday advised the Federal Government to bring back the people of Yewa in Ogun State who sought refuge in Republic of Benin following incessant herdsmen attacks on their communities.  It urged the government to direct officials of the National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) and the Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs and Disaster Management to coordinate the return. The Senate adopted the resolution following a point of order moved by the senator representing Ogun West, Tolu Odebiyi. The Senate also urged security agencies to restore law and order in the affected communities. Also, the first batch of 5,000 Nigerian refugees in Cameroon has returned to Borno State. The ceremony was conducted at Amchiide, a border community between Nigeria and Cameroon, near Banki in Bama Local Government Area of Borno State. Governor Babagana Umara Zulum received the refugees, who are mostly indigenes of the state. Cameroon’s Minister for Territorial Administration, Paul Atanga Nji, led his country’s delegation at the event.  Source ABUJA - The National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) said on Thursday that it had delivered 540 tonnes of relief items to Nigerian refugees taking shelter at different locations in the Diffa Region of [pro_ad_display_adzone id="10"] Niger Republic. This is contained in a statement signed by Mr Sani Datti, a Senior… In "News" By Rabiu Sani Maiduguri - Gov. Babagana Zulum of Borno, has visited Niger Republic to discuss modalities for safe and dignified repatriation of 120, 000 refugees. Isa Gusau, the Special Adviser to the governor on Public Relations and Strategy, made the disclosure in a statement on Sunday in Maiduguri. Gusau… In "Politics" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - Senate on Tuesday, directed its Committee on Appropriation to allocate the sum of N10 billion under the Service Wide Vote (SWV) for relocation and resettlement of the IDPs returnees, after expressing worry at the welfare of the internally displaced persons (IDPs) in Borno, Adamawa and Yobe… In "Top Stories"