Chief Chima Awurum, the President General of Oluwe Nneiri community in Isiala Mbano Council Area of Imo State, has been abducted.  The man was reportedly abducted by gunmen, according to The Nation. It was learnt that Awurum, who runs a pharmacy outfit, was in his office at Isinweke, Ihitte Uboma, a neighbouring community when the hoodlums evaded the office and whisked him away in a vehicle to an unknown destination. The Nation gathered the hoodlums had earlier attacked a police station at Isiala Mbano, burnt all the files and freed suspects in the custody before abducting Awurum. The abduction of the President general had thrown the entire Olume Nneiri community into confusion and mourning. As at the time of filing in this report, the kidnappers were yet to establish contact with his family. One of the community leaders, who craved for anonymity, explained: “The abductors must have monitored the PG, traced him to his pharmacy at Isinweke after they had attacked the police station at Isiala Mbano.” Contacted, the state Police spokesman, Orlando Ikeokw promised to get back but was yet to do so as at the time of filing this report.  Source Warri (Delta)  - Mr Ovie Anthony, President, Youth Wing of the Urhobo Progress Union (UPU) was reported to have been abducted by unknown gunmen. Anthony, according to a source was abducted by the captors at gun point on Friday night while returning from the UPU's meeting held at the Union's… In "Top Stories" …Kaduna, Zamfara, Borno deadliest states…North-West deadliest zone AS flames of violence and other forms of lives guzzling insecurity flicker in many parts of the country, Nigeria has literally become a killing field. In the first six weeks of 2021, lives of no fewer than 1,525 persons have been wasted across… In "Top Stories" An aide to Dominic Ezerioha, the lawmaker representing Oru West Constituency in Imo State House of Assembly, has been abducted by gunmen. The victim, identified as Chetachi Linus Igboenyesi, popularly known as London Biggy, was reportedly kidnapped at about 11:35pm on Tuesday, January 26, while on his way to Uli… In "News"