According to a report by SaharaReporters, a military source has revealed that Boko Haram militants in the Sambisa forest are lamenting the dearth of Premium Motor Spirit (petrol) in the area as members of the Nigerian Army advance towards them.  From intelligence reports, one of the militants, Mallam Ibrahim, who is located in Sambisa forest at Bama Local Government Area had on Tuesday, contacted the Boko Haram Commander, Abu Ubaida to supply fuel to his men. Ibrahim had complained of the inability of his men to move their vehicles and motorcycles to carry out a planned attack on the community. Ubaida, in his response, also complained of lack of fuel to power their motorbikes and vehicles. He said most of their vehicles and motorcycles had stopped and they were operating with bicycles and on foot. Ubaida was also quoted as saying the Boko Haram commanders are living in fear due to military attacks. The military source, who spoke with SaharaReporters, said the military men have taken advantage of this opportunity and advancing gradually towards the terrorists massively. The source said: “On 30th March, 2021 about 0949hrs Mallam Ibrahim Boko Haram element located around Sambisa forest, Bama LGA, contacted Boko Haram commander Abu UBAIDA located around same, that they are short of fuel (PMS), Ubaida should send them some for operation in Sambisa. “While responding, Abu Ubaida disclosed that the Boko Haram commanders too are in desperate need of the PMS. He further revealed that most of their vehicles and motorcycles have stopped, they are operating with bicycles and foot. He also added that Boko Haram commanders are now in fear because of the shortage of the PMS, the military is busy advancing gradually into the forest. “Our men have surrounded the forest and we are going to capture them very soon. We are closing in on them both on-air and on land.”  Source Indications emerged, yesterday, that Boko Haram is in disarray, following shortages of weapons and fuel that had caused tensions between its foot soldiers and leaders, women rescued from the Islamist jihadi fighters by Nigerian troops told newsmen. The group abducted an estimated 2,000 women and girls last year as it… In "News" Nigerian Army’s Debriefing Of Released Boko Haram Hostage Extensively Outlines Sect’s Operational Tactics  (news) Upon review of classified intelligence documents from an inside source in the Nigerian military today, SaharaReporters has learned critical aspects of the Boko Haram sect’s terror tactics. The report titled ”OPERATION ZAMAN LAFIYA – DEBRIEF OF… In "News" •Boko Haram Nigeria was wrapped in outrage, on Tuesday, as the identities and details of how a baby, a female Mass Communication student of the University of Maiduguri, UNIMAID, and scores of others were massacred by Boko Haram insurgents, who ambushed motorists and passengers at Auno village, near Maiduguri, Borno… In "Features"