Bello Matawalle, governor of Zamfara state, says Jangebe schoolgirls revealed that the watchman of the school was involved in their abduction.  Matawalle said this on Wednesday when he featured on Politics Today, a Channels Television programme. Over 270 schoolgirls were abducted from Government Girls Secondary School, Jangebe in Talata-Mafara LGA of Zamfara in February. They were released on Tuesday. Asked to reveal the identities of the abductors, the governor said bandits the named the watchman of the school as the facilitator of the abduction. Matawalle said an investigation will be carried out, but he did not reveal the identities of other abductors. “…Even the watchman of the school…. The children have mentioned that when they were there; after releasing them, the bandits were telling them (the schoolgirls) to greet the watchman for them,” he said. “They even mentioned his name that he is the one who gave them the go-ahead to come, so he was involved. “They have said this in front of the commissioner of police in Zamfara state. Investigation will be carried out and all people involved will be known.” Reacting to the no-fly zone order issued by President Muhammadu Buhari, the governor said he has accepted the decision of the president, but added that he should have been consulted before the decision was taken. “I thought the security council should invite me so that I can come inform them and give them more information that can help them to do whatever they want to do,” he said.   The Zamfara State Governor, Bello Matawalle, on Tuesday insisted that he would reveal the identities of people behind the abduction of over 300 students of Government Girls’ Secondary School, Jangebe in the Talata Mafara Local Government Area of the state. The governor, who stated this in an interview with one… In "News" Claims and counterclaims, yesterday, trailed the fate of the abducted students of Government Girls Secondary School, Jangebe, Zamfara State. While one source said they had been released and were in the palace of the Emir of Anka waiting for transportation to Gusau, the state capital, earlier in the day, another… In "News" “We are using kinetic and non-kinetic approaches, and the non-kinetic is working for us. If not, we wouldn’t have successfully negotiated the release of… Zamfara governor Bello Matawalle on Tuesday said while the state was in negotiation with kidnappers of Jangebe schoolgirls, the armed men were offered money by unnamed… In "News"