Timipre Sylva, the Minister of State for Petroleum has stated that Nigerians should expect full deregulation of the price of petrol.  Speaking at University of Ibadan during the opening of the 56th Annual International Conference and Exhibition of the Nigeria Mining and Geoscience Society (NMGS), Sylva stated that petrol pricing will be fully deregulated before end of this year. The Minister added that the Buhari-led administration wants to give Nigerians a credible and cheaper fuel as an alternative before the full deregulation. He Said; “We have been talking about deregulation for decades. Unfortunately, we have not succeeded. We have succeeded in deregulating some products. “Kerosene has been fully deregulated; diesel has been fully deregulated. But deregulation of PMS (petrol) has continued to elude us. We expect that this year, we will be able to achieve that. “But, before we do that, we want to apply the principle of tolling the roads. Before you toll a road, you are expected to give an alternative. “So, what we want to do for Nigerians is to give a credible and cheaper fuel as an alternative before we fully deregulate and we believe we will be able to achieve this later this year. “And this, of course, is going to be a responsible way of also maintaining our environment.”  Source The recent upwards increase in petrol pump price, from N158 to N168, has been attributed to the announcement of a possibility of having a vaccine for the Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Pandemic soon. Minister of State for Petroleum Resources, Timipre Sylva, disclosed this while addressing State House Correspondents on Monday, after… In "News" ‌The sustained increase in global crude oil prices has pushed up the landing cost of imported petrol closer to the current pump prices of the product in Nigeria, and appears to have triggered a return to petrol subsidy era, ’FEMI ASU reports. Since November 13, 2020 when the pump prices… In "Business" Minister of State for Petroleum Resources, Timipre Sylva has confessed that the federal government has not yet completedly remove fuel subsidy. Sylva revealed this on Monday while appearing as a guest on Channels Television’s Politics. The minister expressd that President Muhammadu Buhari-administration has begun the process of petroleum deregulation. According… In "News"