By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – President of the Senate, Ahmed Lawan has denied saying that he “won’t mind a constitutional amendment to allow unlimited term of office for President if President Buhari wishes to remain in office beyond 2023.” Lawan denied this on Tuesday in a statement signed by his Special Adviser (Media), Ola Awoniyi while reacting to tweet by one Cmr Mayor posted two years ago on 27 March 2019 which is trending again on social media. He was quoted as saying that he “won’t mind a constitutional amendment to allow unlimited term of office for President if President Buhari wishes to remain in office beyond 2023″. According to the statement, the initial reaction was to ignore the ignoble mischief especially since it is not new, having been posted two years ago on 27 March 2019.But because the tweet has been trending again on social media, it becomes necessary to issue a formal rebuttal of its purport. We therefore say categorically that the Senate President has never made any such statement, before or after 2019. The old tweet which was entirely the handiwork of mischief makers is now being circulated again on social media by purveyors of fake newsThe 1999 Constitution has a firm position on the tenure of the President that reflects the popular stand of Nigerians. Section 137(1)b states as follow: A person shall not be qualified for election to the office of President if (b) he has been elected to such Office at any two previous elections. The Senate President has never found anything wrong in that provision of the Constitution and has always stood firmly by it. It bears recalling that Lawan was a member of the National Assembly when in 2006 it threw out an attempt to amend that section of the Constitution and elongate the tenure of the President. The National Assembly acted then in obedience to the overwhelmingly popular desire of Nigerians. It is therefore ludicrous to imagine that Lawan would ever be in the vanguard of any such misadventure that is again certain to fail if ever pursued again. The Senate President stands by the well-considered and roundly appreciated provision of the Constitution on the issue and will never subscribe to any move to amend it. We therefore enjoin members of the public to ignore the old fabricated statement mischieviously attributed to the Senate President and now being circulated by mischief makers. CAIRO - Constitutional amendments proposed by Egyptian lawmakers would allow President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi to stay in power for up to 12 years beyond his current term and boost his control of the judiciary, according to a draft seen by Reuters. The proposed amendments were submitted to the speaker of… In "Foreign" Senator Ahmad Lawan has reacted to reports making the rounds of plans to amend the constitution to allow President Muhammadu Buhari stay in office beyond 2023 if made Senate President. Spokesman of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, Senator Aliyu Sabi Abdullahi in a statement made available to newsmen on Wednesday, described… In "Politics" By Muideen Olaniyi •President Muhammadu Buhari ABUJA - The ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) has described the purported legal action seeking a third term for President Muhammadu Buhari and state governors as illegal. The APC, in a statement issued on Thursday by its National Publicity Secretary, Malam Lanre Issa-Onilu, described… In "Politics"