Minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi has revealed that he pleaded with the government of Niger Republic to allow Nigeria construct the $1.95 billion railway from Kano State into Maradi.  Nigeria plans to construct a railway line that would start from Kano to Dutse-Katsina through Jibia and end in Maradi, Niger Republic. However, Amaechi said he personally travelled to Niger Republic to ensure the government allowed the railway project’s construction. Speaking on Channels Television, the Minister disclosed that Nigeria would foot the bill for the construction of the project. The Minister lamented that some critics think that he was serving a Northern interest. Amaechi said: “The worst is that they will say I am serving the interest of the North. Let’s assume that is the argument you will make. “The worst I can do is stop at Jibia which is the border. “To even get to Maradi, I had to travel to Niger Republic to even beg them. “They are not bringing their money. It is our money. But I’m begging them to allow me access into Maradi.”  Source By Ochereome Nnanna ABUJA (Sundiata Post) For some reasons unknown to me, Nigerians are no longer paying attention to things that matter about the way they are being ruled. They no longer pay attention to some of the things their rulers say. Otherwise, a strange item in President Muhammadu Buhari’s… In "Social Media Feeds" Abuja  - A member of the House of Representatives, Rep. Sada Soli (APC-Katsina), says the proposed Kano-Katsina-Jibia to Maradi rail line in Niger Republic and to Dutse-Jigawa, would boost economic development in the region. In an interview with newsmen Soli said that those opposed to the idea and criticising government… In "News" President Muhammadu Buhari Tuesday in Abuja directed the Ministries of Transportation and Finance to conclude financial arrangements with appropriate co-financiers that will partner with the Federal Government f0r construction of the West-East Coastal rail line from Lagos to Calabar, linking some major cities in South East and South-South. Speaking at… In "Politics"