The trial of Ayodele Fayose, a former governor of Ekiti State and a firm, Spotless Investment Limited, was adjourned as the trial judge, Justice Chukwujekwu Aneke, did not sit.  Justice Aneke and other judges of the court were said to be away on a valedictory court session in honour of a retired judge, Justice Saliu Saidu. Fayose’s trial was consequently adjourned till April 26, 27, 28, 2021. In the charges, the EFCC alleged, among other things, that Fayose, on June 17, 2014, “took possession of the sum of N1, 219, 000,000 to fund your 2014 gubernatorial campaign in Ekiti State, which you reasonably ought to have known formed part of the proceeds of an unlawful act, to wit: criminal breach of trust/stealing.” The ex-governor was also alleged to have on the same day “received a cash payment of $5,000,000 from Senator Musiliu Obanikoro, the then Minister of State for Defence, which sum exceeded the amount authorised by law and you thereby committed an offence contrary to sections 1 and 16(d) of the Money Laundering (Prohibition) Act, 2011 (as amended) and punishable under Section 16 (2)(b) of the same Act.” The EFCC also alleged that Fayose purchased a property known as No.44, Osun Crescent, Maitama, Abuja, for N200m in the name of “your elder sister, Mrs Moji Oladeji.” But Fayose and Spotless Investment Limited pleaded not guilty to the charges.  Source The Federal High Court in Lagos has allowed the former governor of Ekiti State, Ayodele Fayose, who is being tried for alleged N2.2bn fraud, to embark on a foreign medical trip. Justice Chukwujekwu Aneke granted an application brought by his lawyer, Ola Olanipekun (SAN), seeking the leave of the court… In "News" The trial of the former Governor of Ekiti State, Mr Ayodele Fayose, over allegations of fraud to the tune of N2.2billion, stalled at the Federal High Court sitting in Lagos on Tuesday after a witness failed to show up. Counsel to the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, Rotimi Jacobs (SAN)… In "News" By Sandra Umeh Lagos - The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) on Tuesday re-arraigned former Gov. Ayodele Fayose of Ekiti over alleged N6.9 billion fraud and money laundering. Fayose, however, pleaded not guilty before Justice Chukwujekwu Aneke of a Federal High Court in Lagos, who granted him leave to… In "Top Stories"