Abuja (Sundiata Post) –   Gunmen suspected to be bandits have attacked the convoy of Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom. Channels Television gathered that the incident happened on Saturday at Tyo Mu along Makurdi/Gboko road in Makurdi Local Government Area of the state. Briefing journalists, Ortom, who described the gunmen as ‘herdsmen’, said about 15 of the attackers trailed him to the river bank where he was on foot. The governor praised his security details that were just about six in numbers for responding quickly to the attack and repelled them promptly before providing cover for him to return to safety and his vehicles. He said troops of operation whirl stroke, the police and DSS have mobilised to the forest between Tyo-Mu and Abinse where the armed herdsmen camp to comb the area. He also called for the arrest and prosecution of the leadership of Miyetti Allah Kautal Hore who only last week, gathered in Yola the Adamawa state capital to single him out for assassination. Speaking further, Ortom asked President Muhammadu Buhari and the security chiefs to expect a formal petition from his lawyers and move quickly to arrest the situation.(Channels TV). Makurdi  -     Youth Groups, under the aegis of South-South, South-West and South-East, have warned against possible food insecurity in the country, if the herders attacks in Benue are not checked. The leader of the group, Mr Greig Oluchukwu, stated this on Thursday in Makurdi during a courtesy call on Gov.… In "News" Governor Samuel Ortom has disclosed that he narrowly escaped death when suspected armed herdsmen shot at him in his farm at Adeke along Makurdi-Naka road. This is just as suspected armed herdsmen reportedly abducted and killed a member of the state’s Livestock Guard in Ado Local Government Area, LGA. The… In "Metro" Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom, has criticised the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), for his lethargy and failure to call Fulani herdsmen terrorising Nigerians to order. He said Buhari is the President of Nigeria not the President of the Fulani tribe where he hails from. Ortom also noted that… In "Politics"