No fewer than 30 Boko Haram insurgents have been killed by troops of Operation Lafiya Dole around Gamboru axis in Borno State in a long range patrol operation, military and CJTF have confirmed. This follows a sustained flush out operation which was conducted by The Sunray 3 Battalion in a long range fighting patrol to clear some of the elements of the insurgents around the area. Two soldiers according to the security source were wounded in action and are being treated at a military facility. A military source revealed that the troops cleared deserted places including villages like Gulwa, Dime and later advanced to Musiri where they made contact with the terrorists with fierce fire and inflicted heavy casualties on the terrorists. In the same operation, the troops recorded tremendous success as 60 people were rescued from Boko Haram enclave. Those rescued include elderly women and children. Several arms and ammunitions including other equipment like sewing machines, sex enhancement drugs, mechanic tool boxes, motor cycles etc were recovered during the operations. This operation apparently took place the same day the Chief of Army Staff, Lt. Gen. Ibrahim Attahiru had visited Yobe on an operational visit and expressed how proud he is with the success the troops are making against the Boko Haram fight. The Army boss also expressed how confident he feels that the troops will defeat the insurgents in the second face of Operation Tura Takaibango, while pledging to address the challenges of the troops including their welfare. The Nation By Sumaila Ogbaje Abuja - The Nigerian Army troops of Operation Lafiya Dole in conjunction with the Air Task Force have dealt deadly blow to Islamic State’s West Africa Province (ISWAP) terrorists on Dec. 22 in a failed attempt to infiltrate Damaturu, the Yobe State Capital. The Nigerian Army Operations… In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  Nigerian Army on Friday said it has rescued 21 travellers kidnapped on Wednesday by Boko Haram.   Four suspected insurgents were killed in the process, the army said.   The insurgents on Tuesday ambushed a passenger bus along Gwoza-Pulka road, Warabe and abducted travellers.   The… In "News" This article is part of my periodic evaluation of the Boko Haram war in Nigeria as a Political Scientist and I will be focusing on the successes and struggles of the Nigerian soldiers this year, 2020 based on secondary sources of data. It should be noted that Boko Haram began… In "News"