By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –   Federal High Court sitting in Lagos has rejected an application brought before it by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) against the former president, Bukola Saraki in which the agency sought that he permanently forfeit some of his properties to the Federal Government. Saraki who disclosed this when he took to his twitter handle said: Earlier this afternoon, a Federal High Court sitting in Lagos rejected an application brought before it by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) in which the agency sought the permanent forfeiture of some of my properties to the Federal Government. In its judgment, the Court declared that the agency woefully failed to produce any evidence to support its claims that the properties were paid for with funds sourced from Kwara State Government House. The Court further held that the evidence before it showed the purchase of properties was legal and as such cannot be said to be done with the proceeds of crime. If you recall, the Federal High Court had also previously rejected an application brought before it by the EFCC seeking the permanent forfeiture of my home in Ilorin to the Federal Government on the same grounds. In 2018, the Supreme Court held that there was no evidence to support the claims of corruption levelled against me by the agency while giving its judgment in appeals filed before it challenging the judgments of the Code of Conduct Tribunal and the Court of Appeal. I thank the Almighty Allah who has given me the opportunity to serve my State and Country; and who has given me the strength to continually fight to assert my innocence. By His grace, I have always served with diligence, honour and integrity and I will continue to do so. I have always believed in the judiciary as the bastion that protects and upholds the rights and liberties of citizens in any democracy. And for this reason, I express my gratitude to the Court for upholding the laws of our land. It is my fervent hope that this judgment will put an end to the campaign of calumny waged against my person and allow me focus on my life as a law-abiding Nigerian citizen. Immediate past Senate President, Dr. Bukola Saraki, on Friday described the Asset forfeiture suit filed against him by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) as a case already decided by the Supreme Court. Saraki, in a statement by his spokesman, Yusuph Olaniyonu, in Abuja, accused the anti-graft agency of… In "News" A Federal High Court in Lagos will on April 24 rule on whether to forfeit to the Federal Government two properties belonging to former Senate President, Bukola Saraki in Ikoyi, Lagos. Justice Mohammed Liman fixed the date yesterday upon resumption of proceedings in the suit filed by the Economic and… In "News" A federal High Court sitting in Lagos on Thursday quashed its order, which temporarily forfeited to the Federal Government two houses in Ilorin, the Kwara State capital, belonging to former Senate President Bukola Saraki. Justice Rilwan Aikawa, who released the houses to Saraki, said he was not satisfied with the… In "News"