It has been reported that no less than three soldiers and some travellers have been killed by Boko Haram.  They were killed on Sunday when gunmen believed to be Boko Haram insurgents attacked a military detachment stationed at Lawan-Mainari village on Maiduguri-Damaturu highway.  Travelling the 135km Maiduguri-Damaturu highway, which passes through Jakana town, is considered extremely dangerous if such a journey is done before 9 am or after 2 pm when the route is busy. Sources said the insurgents stormed the area around 7 am with machine guns and rocket-propelled grenades but were repelled by the soldiers who engaged them in a shootout. Travellers were reportedly stranded along the highway for several hours while the troops engaged the group in a gun battle. “They exchanged fire for some time as many of us remained in the vehicles, ducking to avoid being hit by bullets. “When the shooting stopped and the Boko Haram fighters left, three soldiers, four Boko Haram members and some passengers were killed with other members of the dreaded group retreating into the bushes,” a source said. Boko Haram and its offshoot, Islamic State West Africa Province, have killed thousands and displaced millions in North-Eastern Nigeria. The Nigerian military has repeatedly claimed that the insurgency had been largely defeated and frequently underplays any losses. In the past months, soldiers have been targeted by the insurgents, laying in ambush on their paths. Hundreds of soldiers and officers have been reportedly killed since January 2021.  Source •Boko Haram Fear is now mounting that Borno State may soon be totally cut off from the rest of Nigeria as Boko Haram insurgents in the past few weeks have launched daily attacks on the Kano-Maiduguri highway, the only remaining safe route to the state. Six highways link Maiduguri,… In "Top Stories" DAMATURU - One officer and two soldiers have been reportedly killed by Boko Haram in an early morning ambush on the troops at a check-point along Damaturu/Maiduguri highway on Sunday. A military source, who is not authorised to speak on the matter, told The Nation a Lieutenant and two soldiers… In "Top Stories" There was confusion in Mainok, a town along the Maiduguri-Damaturu road in Borno state, after soldiers reportedly opened fire on a team of Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) operatives who engaged Boko Haram fighters in a fierce battle. SARS is a unit of the Nigeria Police Force. Villages along the road… In "News"