The Nigerian Meteorological Agency, NiMet, has assured airlines and passengers of a hitch-flight operation from 1st April 2021. The assurance came following recent flight delays and cancellation as a result of the hazy weather conditions experienced over the north and central parts of the country in the last few days. Giving reasons for the dust haze, the Central Forecast Office (CFO), of the Agency in a release on Wednesday stated: “The dust event is as a result of the passage of the mid latitude wave which helped in strengthening the surface pressure over the Sahara Desert region.” “This activity resulted in the strengthening and intensification of the Saharan high-pressure cell, which progressively pushed down the Inter-Tropical Discontinuity (ITD), from a latitudinal position of 10.8 degrees north on Wednesday 24th to 7.8 degrees north on Tuesday 30th of March, 2021. “The dust situation is expected to persist till Thursday 1st of April when the Saharan high-pressure belt is projected to weaken and horizontal visibilities should improve to between 1-3 kilometers over the extreme north.” It continued: “Following this, the region is then expected to experience sunny and slightly hazy conditions over the northern cities, while cloudiness to the south and parts of the central region. “The implication of this is that Nigerians should expect flight operations to run smoothly without fear of delay or cancellation from Thursday 1st April 2021 over the extreme north.” The agency assured the general public and travellers of continuous update of the weather condition as it unfolds. The Nation ABUJA - The Nigerian Meteorological Agency (NiMet) said the dust spell over the country on April 1 followed strong winds over the desert that raised a lot of particles. The explanation is contained in a statement issued by NiMet’s Public Relations Unit and National Weather Forecasting and Climate Research Centre… In "News" Abuja - The Nigerian Meteorological Agency (NiMet) has predicted dusty weather conditions over the central states of the country on Monday. The predictions are contained in the Weather Outlook issued by NiMet’s Central Forecast Office (CFO) on Sunday in Abuja. It added that there would be reduced visibility to 2… In "News" By Gabriel Agbeja Abuja - The Nigerian Meteorological Agency has predicted flight delays and cancellations in year 2020 due to extreme weather conditions. NiMet made this known in its 2020 Seasonal Rainfall Prediction (SRP) released in Abuja. According to it, near-normal rainfall is predicted for 2020 over most parts of… In "News"