Former militants from Akwa Ibom have said they will no longer tolerate the continued marginalization and unfair treatment meted to oil-bearing/host communities in the state by multinational oil companies.  They accused oil giants such ExxonMobil, Addax, Moni Pulo, Chevron, Century, Total E&P among others of depriving and marginalizing their host communities despite the environmental destruction and health hazards caused by their operations. The ex-militants lamented that oil producing communities in Akwa Ibom State, have benefitted very little from these oil companies as some realities of life in these areas are nothing to write home about. The ex-agitators under the aegis of Niger Delta Volunteers (NDV) in a press release obtained by our correspondent in Uyo on Wednesday listed 15 demands which the oil companies must meet before they would be allowed to operate further in the state. The NDV in the press release signed by ‘General’ Ekpo Ekpo, ‘Capt’ Nsidibe Etim, ‘Major’ Patrick Itrechio and ‘Capt’ Etetim Okung threatened to attack oil facilities and personnel of the oil firms operating in the state if their demands are not met. They demanded the relocation of the operational bases of the oil firms to Akwa Ibom State and payment of taxes and royalties to the State government The press release states in part, ”We demand an extension of the Company’s philanthropy to the suffering communities in Akwa Ibom State where they derive most of their wealth from, through donations, empowerments, etc. ”Appointment of Directors from Akwa Ibom State into the Boards of the Oil companies, some of them who must be indigenes of the host communities. ”Employment of 60% workers to be drawn from Akwa Ibom State 5. 60% of contracts/ supplies to local contractors and award of 300 secondary school scholarships annually to indigenes of the state ‘Award of 100 undergraduate scholarships annually to indigenes of the state, award of 20 overseas scholarships annually to indigenes of the state and award of 50 post graduate scholarships annually to indigenes of the state. ”We also need Youth Empowerment / Skills Acquisition programme to 220 youths of the State, annually as well as women Empowerment programme (Fishing/Trading) to 150 women of the state, annually. ”Construction of Jetties and provision of potable/suitable drinking water Provision of Standard Health Institutions and modern facilities in the state. ”Budget of N100 million annually for Infrastructural development in the state These demands and other items that are part of the companies’ corporate social responsibility must be met as soon as possible to avoid any possible conflict.”  Source Uyo - Gov. Udom Emmanuel of Akwa Ibom has called for re-appraisal of the training programmes offered to the Niger Delta ex-militants under the Presidential Amnesty Programme. Emmanuel made the call when the Coordinator of the Niger Delta Presidential Amnesty Programme, Brig.-Gen. Paul Boro, paid him a courtesy visit in Uyo on… In "News" Uyo  -   Akwa Ibom Government has urged the management of Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) to strengthen its project monitoring and evaluation unit to ensure quality projects delivery. The state Deputy Governor, Mr Moses Ekpo, gave the advice in Uyo on Friday when the Senate Committee on NDDC and… In "News" The American oil giant, ExxonMobil, has explained why it cannot move its head office in Nigeria, from Lagos to Akwa Ibom State where the company produces oil. The demands for International Oil Companies, IOCs, in Nigeria to relocate their head offices from Lagos to the Niger Delta region resurfaced recently… In "News"