Faisal Shuaib, the Executive director of the National Primary Health Care Development Agency (NPHCDA), has disclosed that all states in the federation have received supplies of the AstraZeneca COVID-19 vaccine, except Kogi.  Shuaib who disclosed this on Thursday March 18, said Kogi is yet to receive the vaccine due to the non-repair of their cold-chain store coupled with the state’s concerns around the contradictory information about the vaccine. On the national roll-out of the vaccine, the NPHCDA boss said; “The vaccination application has been launched in most states’ treatment centres even against distractions and criticism of the FG’s efforts to ensure availability of vaccines in the nation. “The roll-out of the vaccines across healthcare front-line workers and other health support staff was scheduled to commence by March 15, 2021, in some States, with the intention of wider coverage after the training of the states’ health workers across board.” Shuaib who revealed that the Independent Corrupt Practices and other Related Offences Commission (ICPC) had been co-opted to support the PTF on Vaccine Accountability to ensure the safekeeping of the vaccines, made calls for tight security around the vaccines in the states to avoid it being vandalised by hoodlums. He also promised that Nigeria will receive the second tranche of vaccines before the second dose intake is concluded.  Source The Nigerian Medical Association, the National Association of Nigerian Nurses and Midwives and a coalition of labour and civil society organisations, the Alliance for the Survival of COVID-19 and Beyond, have advised the Federal Government to ensure transparency in the distribution of COVID-19 vaccines. The NMA, the NANNM and the… In "News" An electronic platform has been opened by the Federal Government for Nigerians to register in order to get coronavirus vaccine. The platform was launched on Monday. The T.E.A.C.H strategy, which combines indigenous (traditional) approaches with modern technologically enabled systems of vaccination, will leverage experiences gained during the polio immunization programs.… In "Health" It is ironical if not ridiculous that when the serious scientific people of the world started the race for the coronavirus (COVID-19) vaccine shortly after the outbreak of the pandemic, Nigeria to the best of our knowledge did not join the race, but now wants to start a local production… In "column - Friday"