A vigilante group in Azza Community in Lapai local government of Niger state has foiled bandits attack on the community killing nine armed bandits. The Vigilantes also arrested four of the bandits after an intense exchange of gunfire. The incident was said to have happened on Sunday afternoon. The Nation learnt that two people who were going to pay ransom met in the same place when they were trying to get the location to drop the ransom for the bandits. The two people met the Vigilantes on the way and informed them about their plight and doubt about dropping the money for the bandits. The Vigilantes then took over and traced the bandits to where they were supposed to receive the money and this led to the exchange of fire. Residents of Gulu further said that the bandits had killed four men who they kidnapped some time ago. Bodies of the men were found in a search and rescue mission by the vigilantes after a woman who escaped the bandits explained to them the route she took when she escaped. Niger state Police Public Relations Officer, DSP Wasiu Abiodun was unavailable to make comments. The Nation …Kaduna, Zamfara, Borno deadliest states…North-West deadliest zone AS flames of violence and other forms of lives guzzling insecurity flicker in many parts of the country, Nigeria has literally become a killing field. In the first six weeks of 2021, lives of no fewer than 1,525 persons have been wasted across… In "Top Stories" Kidnappers and gunmen have sustained attacks in different parts of the country abducting 75 persons and killing 18 others. In Niger State, no fewer than 50 persons were abducted in the early hours of Thursday when bandits attacked Bassa community in the Shiroro Local Government Area of the state. Nine… In "News" Tired of the incessant attacks and raids on their communities by bandits, the people of Niger State have decided to forgo the option of looking up to the military, police and other security agencies for rescue. Rather, the affected communities have resorted to bringing in spiritualists who they believe would… In "News"