By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  The Senate on Tuesday received a formal request from President Muhammadu Buhari to confirm Mr. Halilu Ahmad Shaba as Director General of the National Space Research and Development Agency. The request was contained in a letter dated 25th February, 2021, and read during plenary by the Senate President, Ahmad Lawan. The letter reads in part: “Pursuant to Sections 14(1) and (2) of the National Space Research & Development Agency Act, 2010, I present for confirmation by the Senate the appointment of Mr. Halilu Ahmad Shaba as Director General of the National Space Research & Development Agency”. In another letter also dated 25th February, 2021, President Buhari requested the Upper Chamber to confirm the appointment of Muhammed Dattijo Usman as Federal Commissioner representing Niger State in the National Polulation Commission. According to the President, Usman’s nomination was made “in accordance with the provision of Section 154(1) of the 1999 Constitution of the Federal Republican of Nigeria (as amended).” The Nigerian Senate has been asked by President Muhammadu Buhari to confirm the appointment of Dr Halilu Shaba Ahmad as the new Director-General of the National Space Research and Development Agency. Buhari in the letter read on the floor by the President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, on Tuesday, urged… In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  The Senate on Tuesday received a request from President Muhammadu Buhari for the confirmation of Mr. Aghughu Arhotomhenla Adolphus as Auditor-General of the Federation. The request was contained in a letter dated 12th January, 2021, and read on the floor by the Senate… In "Top Stories" President Muhammadu Buhari on Tuesday urged the Senate to screen and confirm Prof. Mahmood Yakubu as the Chairman of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) for a second and final term in office. The President also urged the Upper Chamber to confirm his nominees for the chairmanship and membership of… In "News"