Roger Federer has pulled out of the upcoming ATP 500 event in Dubai after the former world number one lost in the Qatar Open quarter-finals on Thursday.  It was his first tournament in more than a year. The 39-year-old Swiss, who returned to action after two knee operations last year, beat Briton Dan Evans in three sets in his comeback match in Doha. But he lost 3-6 6-1 7-5 to Georgia’s Nikoloz Basilashvili in the next round. “It’s been great to be back on the @atptour, loved every minute playing in Doha once again,” 20-times Grand Slam winner Federer said on social media. “I’ve decided it’s best to go back to training and as a result, I’ve decided to withdraw from Dubai next week.” World number two Rafa Nadal has also pulled out of the Dubai Duty Free event, which runs from Sunday to March 20. Federer is an eight-times Dubai champion and claimed his 100th tour-level title at the tournament in 2019. He has already decided not to defend his Miami Open title at the March 22 to April 4 Masters 1000 event. Federer had targeted a return at last month’s Australian Open. But he skipped the Grand Slam and said he said he would play in events that would help him regain fitness before Wimbledon.  Reuters/NAN Roger Federer began his campaign for a record sixth Indian Wells title by defeating German Peter Gojowczyk 6-1 7-5 in the BNP Paribas Open in California on Sunday. Fresh from earning his 100th ATP singles title a week ago in Dubai, the Swiss fourth seed repelled a tough second set… In "Sports" Dominic Thiem claimed his first Masters 1000 title after coming from a set down to defeat Roger Federer 3-6 6-3 7-5 and win the BNP Paribas Open on Sunday in Indian Wells. Momentum swung in Thiem’s favour in the deciding set when he smacked a forehand winner down the line… In "Sports" Rome (AFP) - Swiss Roger Federer beat countryman Stan Wawrinka 6-4, 6-2 in the Italian Open semi-final to set up his third final of the year against Serbian rival Novak Djokovic. Wawrinka had caused the first major upset of the week when he battled Rafael Nadal throughout a thrilling quarter-final… In "Sports"