Ogun State Governor Dapo Abiodun said yesterday that he had sleepless nights when the abducted female students of Olabisi Onabanjo University (OOU), Ayetoro campus, were in captivity. The students, Adeyemo Precious and Oyefule Abiola, studying Forestry and Wildlife Management and Agricultural Economics, were abducted about 9pm on Sunday when gunmen attacked Igbole Aibo Quarters of Ayetoro in Yewa North Local Government. The students were, however, rescued on Tuesday evening through the efforts of the security agencies led by Governor Abiodun. The news of their release was broken by the governor on Tuesday night on his twitter handle. Speaking when the girls were brought to Oke Mosan Governor’s Office, Abeokuta yesterday by the police, Abiodun said he was touched by their plight as a father and as a governor. He said he worked round the clock to ensure their safe return. The governor, who spoke through the Commissioner for Information and Strategy, Alhaji Abdulwaheed Odusile, said he activated the security apparatuses and tasked them on quick and safe rescue of the girls. He expressed happiness that they were back unhurt and hailed the police and other security agents for their swift response and rescue of the OOU students. Abiodun said his administration would ensure security of lives and property, particularly those of students. He advised residents to get involved in their safety by being vigilant and staying safe. The governor said security would be beefed up in all schools across the state. Asked whether any ransom was paid before the students were freed, he said no money was paid to anybody. Members of the National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS), Ogun State branch and National Association of Ogun State Students (NAOSS) were at the Governor’s Office, Oke Mosan, on a ‘thank you’ visit over the rescue of the students. The students led by Damilola Simeon, chairman, NANS JCC, Ogun State and Oluwagbemileke Ogunrombi, national president, NAOSS, praised Governor Abiodun, describing him as the “most students-friendly governor.” Addressing the students on behalf of the governor, the Chief of Staff, Shuaibu Salisu, lauded the police and other security agents involved in the exercise. Health Commissioner Dr. Tomi Coker said the students have been subjected to medical examinations, adding that none of them showed any health concern. She said they have been vaccinated. The Nation By Abiodun Lawal Abeokuta - Gov. Dapo Abiodun of Ogun has promised to maintain a cordial and mutual relationship with students across the state. The governor gave the promise through his Special Assistant on Students’ Affairs, Azeez Adeyemi, who spoke to newsmen in Abeokuta on Saturday. Abiodun said that education… In "News" The Zamfara State Governor, Bello Matawalle, on Tuesday insisted that he would reveal the identities of people behind the abduction of over 300 students of Government Girls’ Secondary School, Jangebe in the Talata Mafara Local Government Area of the state. The governor, who stated this in an interview with one… In "News" By Yetunde Fatungase Abeokuta - Ogun Government says it has taken delivery of a molecular laboratory as part of its efforts at flattening the curve of the Coronavirus pandemic in the state. Gov. Dapo Abiodun said in a statement on Wednesday that the molecular laboratory would be unveiled during the… In "News"