The Delta Police Command has confirmed the killing of three persons during the bank robbery at Issele-Uku, Aniocha North LGA of Delta State. He said the dead included a policeman, an unidentified customer and an alleged gang member. But sources in the community claimed six persons died during the attack. The Delta State Police spokesperson, DSP Bright Edafe, said the late police officer was on re-enforcement to the scene of the attack before he met his death. According to him, three persons lost their lives including a member of the gang while one operational vehicle of the hoodlums and one AK 47 riffle were recovered. The Nation gathered that an unspecified amount of money running to millions of naira were allegedly carted away by the robbers. It was learnt the robbers stormed the bank in three vehicles at about 5:00pm holding workers hostage for over one hour. The Nation gathered that the robbers barricaded the Divisional Police Station and other outlets in the town to prevent security men from mobilizing to the scene of crime. The Nation LOKOJA - Suspected armed robbers have shot dead four mobile policemen in Okene, Kogi, police authorities said on Wednesday. The policemen were reportedly killed on Tuesday night during an attack on one of the banks in the town by suspected bandits numbering 20, who came in four vehicles. Unspecified number… In "News" By Tukur Muntari Kano -  Operatives of the Federal Anti-robbery Squad and Kano State Anti-robbery Squad have arrested 13 suspected armed robbers in Kano State. The Public Relations Officer of the Police Command in Kano State, DSP Magaji Majiya, disclosed this while presenting the suspects to newsmen in Kano on… In "News" ABUJA - Residents of Oghara community in Delta have decried what they described as “reign of armed robbers” in the area and urged the state government to intervene. [pro_ad_display_adzone id="10"] They accused the police, the Ethiope West Local Government Council and the community leadership of slumbering and leaving them at… In "News"