Barely two weeks after former Speaker of House of Representatives Dimeji Bankole dumped the Action Democratic Party (ADP), the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) has appointed him to serve on its 61-man contact/strategy committee. The committee, which will be inaugurated on Tuesday by the Chairman Caretaker/Extra-Ordinary Convention Planning Committee (CECPC), Governor Mai Mala Buni, has Jigawa Governor Abubakar Badru as chairman while Dr. Ikechi Emenike will serve as secretary. Though details of the terms of reference of the committee were not made available, sources told THE NATION it is expected to establish constructive engagement among critical stakeholders at various levels of the party with a view to enhancing confidence. The committee, among other things, is also to develop strategies that will place the party in vantage position in the public domain and develop a timeline and framework for implementation of its recommendations. Caretaker Committee Secretary, Senator John James Akpanudoedehe, in a statement on Monday said the development was part of ongoing efforts by the Caretaker Committee to rebuild and reposition the party. Membership of the committee includes Deputy Senate President Ovie Omo-Agege; 11 Governors, former and serving members of the National Assembly, members of the Federal Executive Council and some party chieftains. Also on the list are new members such as Otunba Iyiola Omisore, Gbenga Daniels and Yakubu Dogara. The Nation A former National Vice Chairman and ex-acting chairman of the All Progressives Congress, Hilliard Eta, has asked the Federal High Court in Abuja to nullify the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee of the party and declare him as the Acting National Chairman of the party. The National Executive Committee of the… In "Politics" BODE OLAGOKE takes a look at how Governor Mai Mala Buni-led National Caretaker Committee has fared in its task of restoring peace and genuine reconciliation to the governing All Progressives Congress (APC) after the exit of Adams Oshiomhole. Background The birth of governor Mai Mala Buni-led All Progressives Congress (APC)… In "Politics" YENAGOA (Sundiata Post) - Bayelsa State Governor, Henry Seriake Dickson has described the setting up of a seven-member National Caretaker Committee of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) as a good development. According to him, such was a right step towards repositioning the party for the 2019 general elections. A statement… In "Politics"