Ondo State Governor, Oluwarotimi Akeredolu, has assured that the concept of state police in Nigeria would soon be realised. Governor Akeredolu who spoke at the swearing-in ceremony of his Chief of Staff, Chief Olugbenga Ale, said he would not be distracted. Akeredolu said the reappointment of Chief Ale was as a confirmation of his dedication to duty and loyalty. He said he would only people who are ready to make genuine sacrifices and dedication would be engaged to serve in his second term. Akeredolu insisted that those who would constitute a burden to serious business of governance would not be engaged because he planned to achieve more successes than what was recorded in his first term. “We are looking forward to state police. It will be soon. We have a lot of iron in fire that we must attend to. Only those who are ready for genuine sacrifices will be engaged by us. “We have already achieved some level of success in this regard in our First Term. We shall endeavour to build on this success in the next four years. “There will be zero tolerance for indolence. Nobody will be permitted to misbehave under our watch. We intend to continue to promote the virtues of diligence and honesty. “We will reward decency. Any established act of moral turpitude will be visited with the utmost severity in terms of sanction,” he said. Chief Ale said he was ready for the sacrifice and challenges ahead. The Nation No doubt, today’s governorship election in Ondo State is a fierce battle to be fought by three political titans in the state and the outcome of the election will determine the strength of each of the three contestants. No fewer than 15 political parties had initially shown interest in the… In "Politics" By Ayodeji Alabi Akure - Gov. Oluwarotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State on Wednesday pleaded with members of the All Progressives Congress (APC) to shun violence during the forthcoming governorship election in the state. Akeredolu gave the advice in Akure during the inauguration of the Akeredolu/ Aiyedatiwa Governorship Campaign Committees saddled… In "Politics" The Ondo State Governor, Mr Rotimi Akeredolu, has said he would continue to keep expanding the frontiers of his administration’s developmental efforts and sustain the delivery of dividends of good governance to the people of the state in the next four years. Akeredolu whose first term in office expires on… In "Politics"