The Director-General of the World Trade Organisation (WTO), Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, is welcomed by some government officials shortly after arriving in Nigeria on March 13, 2021. Channels TV/ Sodiq Adelakun. The Director-General of the World Trade Organisation (WTO), Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, has made her first visit to Nigeria since she assumed office. She was received upon her arrival in the country on Saturday by the Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Industry, Trade and Investment, Nasir Sani-Gwarzo. Okonjo-Iweala told reporters in Abuja, the nation’s capital that her visit to Nigeria was to show appreciation to President Muhammadu Buhari for the support accorded her. She also hinted that discussion on how Nigeria can leverage her position to benefit from trans-national trade formed part of her visit to the country. Okonjo-Iweala Makes First Visit To Nigeria As WTO Director-GeneralChannels TelevisionUpdated March 13, 2021 The Director-General of the World Trade Organisation (WTO), Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, is welcomed by some government officials shortly after arriving in Nigeria on March 13, 2021. Channels TV/ Sodiq Adelakun. The Director-General of the World Trade Organisation (WTO), Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, has made her first visit to Nigeria since she assumed office. She was received upon her arrival in the country on Saturday by the Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Industry, Trade and Investment, Nasir Sani-Gwarzo. Okonjo-Iweala told reporters in Abuja, the nation’s capital that her visit to Nigeria was to show appreciation to President Muhammadu Buhari for the support accorded her. She also hinted that discussion on how Nigeria can leverage her position to benefit from trans-national trade formed part of her visit to the country. In this photo taken on March 13, 2021, the Director-General of the World Trade Organisation (WTO), Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, is seen with a girl and others shortly after arriving in Nigeria. Channels TV/ Sodiq Adelakun. Okonjo-Iweala’s visit to Nigeria comes about a month after she was confirmed as the Director-General of the global trade organisation. As the first woman and first African to lead the international body, her term began on March 1 and would last until the next four years. The term, which is renewable, will expire on August 31, 2025. Okonjo-Iweala, 66, was nominated as Nigeria’s candidate to lead the WTO by President Muhammadu Buhari in June 2020. She is a Nigerian-American economist and international development expert who has a 25-year career at the World Bank, scaling the ranks to the second top position of Managing Director, Operations. The Delta State-born economist served two terms as the minister of finance under former Presidents Olusegun Obasanjo and Goodluck Jonathan respectively. More to follow… Channels TV Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, the former Minister of Finance, has been appointed as the Director-General of the World Trade Organisation. Okonjo-Iweala, whose tenure begins March 1, is the first woman and African to hold the position. The WTO stated this in a tweet on Monday, saying, “Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala from Nigeria is appointed… In "News" Former Finance Minister Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala was on Monday appointed as Director General of World Trade Organisation (WTO). Here are six things to know about Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala as WTO DG: Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala was born on 13 June 1954 in Ogwashi-Ukwu, Delta State, Nigeria where her father Professor Chukwuka Okonjo was the… In "News" By Adedapo David Adamolekun On June 9, 2020, the WTO communicated on its website that ‘Nigeria, on 9 June 2020, nominated Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala for the post of WTO Director-General to succeed the current Director-General, Mr Roberto Azevêdo, who has announced he will step down on 31 August 2020.’The WTO’s… In "Opinion"