By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Borno State governor, Prof Babagana Zulum has urged the ruling All Progressives Congress to zone the 2023 Presidency to the southern part of Nigeria in line with the agreement of the party. Prof Zulum made call on Thursday in Abuja at a Golden Jubilee public lecture and book presentation while delivering lecture on the theme: “Security And Economic Growth; Leadership in Challenging Times”. The Borno state governor said “though it’s not in the constitution and it’s not written, but I was at the meeting where it was agreed, and as a devoted Muslims, l think it’s only normal the agreement is maintained and it’s only fair the south east is allowed to produce the president in 2023”. Some may say I am holding the view because I want to be Vice President, but let me make it clear that I am not interested at this point to be aVice president or even the president. No. On the issue of insecurity, governor Zulum said the mistake Nigeria made was to allow the insecurity to worsen because of the believe that it was a Borno issue. He added that poor governance accounted for why the insurgency extended beyond north east. He said that a fragile part of any part of the country will mean a fragile part of Nigeria. Prof Zulum maintained that many current leaders in Nigeria today are interested in their pocket, adding that allocations go into miniterial pockets. He stressed that greed is central to our problems a nation and wondered why someone would amass so much wealth when you cannot take more than a small space even if you want to sleep. The governor who said he was a commercial driver for 14 years, said he does not own a house in Abuja and does not want to own. He therefore called for social reorientation of the citizenry and the strengthening of the civil service structure by motivating the civil service. Prof Zulum also listed strategic leadership, political, energy and infrastructural security as necessary to tackle these ills. He also said there is need for good governance, service delivery, economic reconstruction and security reform for us to make progress as a nation. Earlier in his opening remark of the book launch written by Dr Dakuku Peterside titled: “Strategic Turnaround, Story Of A Government Agency”, the Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Boss Mustapha said that the security situation in the country calls for collective responsibility, stressing that the government still needs the partnership of the citizenry to tackle the problem effectively. Other dignitaries who witnessed the book launch are: Hon Minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi, Minister of State Labour, Festus Keyamo, Chairman of Governors Forum, Dr Kayode Fayemi, Minister of State Health, Senator Mamora, representatives of the Kaduna and Kogi state governors among others THE Pan Niger Delta Forum, on Saturday, urged the South-South and the South-East geopolitical zones to quickly meet and reach a resolution on the region to produce the next president by 2023. PANDEF spokesman, Ken Robinson, who stated this in an interview with The PUNCH, also commended the Borno State… In "News" The Governor of Borno State, Prof Babagana Zulum, has revealed that there are foreign interests sponsoring the Boko Haram terrorist group to recruit children as fighters. He therefore called on Nigerians not to see the insurgency in the north-eastern states of Borno, Yobe and Adamawa as a northern problem but… In "Politics" •The late Abba Kyari By Ismaila Chafe ABUJA - President Muhammadu Buhari has written the Governor of Borno State, Prof. Babagana Zulum, and some leading traditional rulers, commiserating with them on the passing of their illustrious son and his Chief of Staff, Malam Abba Kyari. Mr Femi Adesina, the President’s… In "News"