Africa’s leading telecoms group, Liquid Telecom and Eutelsat Communication have partnered to deepen broadband internet provision in the country via satellite.  To achieve this, Liquid Telecom has renewed and expanded its Ku band capacity agreements on Eutelsat Communications’ (Euronext Paris: ETL) Eutelsat 7B satellite. Under this multi-year, multi transponder agreement, Liquid Telecom will further leverage the coverage of sub-Saharan Africa of the 7° East orbital position to extend its VSAT services. This will provide customers with fast and reliable internet access, even in the most remote corners of the region. Commenting on the agreement, Chief Commercial Officer of Eutelsat, Philippe Oliva, said: “We are delighted to have the opportunity to take the partnership between Liquid Telecom and Eutelsat to the next level. By working together to further strengthen our ties, we can ensure that the combination of Eutelsat’s satellite coverages of sub-Saharan Africa and Liquid Telecom’s unrivaled expertise in the VSAT market can deliver the highest possible service levels to Liquid’s customers throughout the continent”. Also speaking, the CEO of Liquid Telecom Satellite Services, Scott Mumford, said: “We are delighted to renew and expand our agreements with Eutelsat, ensuring we can continue to rely on its support and coverage to deliver high-speed, reliable connectivity to existing and future customers, no matter where they are located.”  Source ABU DHABI - UAE-based satellite operator Yahsat has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) to explore the possibility of new joint opportunities with existing partner, IEC Telecom Group (IEC Telecom) in Africa. The agreement comes ahead of Yahsat taking delivery of its third satellite, Al Yah 3. The launch of Al… In "News" Thuraya, a leading mobile satellite service operator, has signed an agreement with telecoms company, Airtel to provide mobile satellite products and services to telcos customers in 17 countries across the continent. The partnership offers Airtel customer voice and broadband connectivity through Thuraya’s satellite network to remote areas on the continent… In "Business" Sub-Saharan Africa’s Telecommunication market is set to maintain positive returns as service revenue is predicted to top $65 billion by 2018. According to market intelligence specialists, Analysys Mason, the African telecoms market is set to be one of the main growth success stories for the global telecoms sector in the next… In "Business"