Edo State Governor, Godwin Obaseki has revealed that he will be the first person to take the COVID-19 vaccine in the state to give confidence to his people.  Obaseki disclosed this on Friday in Benin while addressing journalists on the need for residents not to be scared of the vaccines. The governor said “I will take mine and if I take mine and am okay, that will give confidence to Edo people. “The preventive protocol will still be in place, don’t forget that it will still take a while to vaccinate almost 80 per cent of the population that is expected to be vaccinated. “The fact that you have taken the vaccine does not mean you should be careless, you should not wear a mask, you should not protect yourself because many more people may have not received their own vaccination. “So, we will still continue to insist and advocate that our people should conduct themselves and behave to prevent COVID-19 from spreading,” he said. The governor, however, assured that he would provide adequate logistics and security at the state medical facilities during the vaccination exercise.  Source The Nigerian Medical Association, the National Association of Nigerian Nurses and Midwives and a coalition of labour and civil society organisations, the Alliance for the Survival of COVID-19 and Beyond, have advised the Federal Government to ensure transparency in the distribution of COVID-19 vaccines. The NMA, the NANNM and the… In "News" The National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control has ruled out the possibility of conducting a local clinical trial on the proposed N400bn vaccines before administering them on Nigerians. The agency said since the World Health Organisation had approved the vaccines there might not be need to conduct… In "News" A pro-Governor Godwin Obaseki group, the Concerned Edo Citizens Forum (CECF), has kicked against conducting the June 22 governorship primary election of the governing All Progressives Congress (APC) using direct method that will involve voting by all members of the party in the eighteen local government areas of the state.… In "Politics"