The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, has debunked claims that its newly-elected Executive Chairman, Mr. Abdulrasheed Bawa advised the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC not to sell nomination forms to aspirant with corruption file in the 2023 general election. The Commission in a statement by its Head, Media & Publicity, Wilson Uwujaren on Saturday stated that the report was false and urged Nigerians to disregard it. Uwujaren maintained that Bawa has neither met with INEC officials nor made any pronouncement relating to elections since he was appointed. The agency pointed out that in Bawa’s two public outings, he spoke about issues concerning his vision for the EFCC and the outlook for the fight against corruption in Nigeria. It further stated that qualification for elective political offices in Nigeria are clearly stated in the 1999 Constitution and relevant sections of the Electoral Act 2010 (as amended). ”It is not the place of the EFCC chairman to determine who runs for an office or otherwise,” it added. Source By Emmanuel Oloniruha   Abuja -   The Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Commission (ICPC) has expressed readiness to partner Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to tackle the menace of vote-buying in the electoral system. Acting Chairman of ICPC, Mr Musa Abubakar, made this known when he visited… In "News" By Muhammad Bello Sokoto - The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Sokoto Zonal Office, has arrested four officials of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) for alleged diversion of over N84.6 million for ad Hoc staff allowances. This was contained in a statement by EFCC spokesman, Mr Wilson Uwujaren,… In "News" Abuja -The newly registered Democratic Peoples’ Congress (DPC), says it will field candidates to contest governorship elections in Kogi and Bayelsa states. The elections are scheduled to hold on Nov. 21 and Dec. 5, respectively. This resolution formed part of the communiqué issued at the end of its inaugural National… In "News"