Senator Samuel Anyanwu, a Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) chieftain, has lamented that the ruling party APC has failed Nigerians by not keeping their promises to the citizens. Speaking in Owerri, Anyanwu, a former Senate Committee Chairman on Public Petitions, Ethics and Privileges lamented the insecurity in the country, high poverty rate and unemployment which had brought unimaginable sufferings on the people. He Said; “APC and her then presidential candidate, Muhamamdu Buhari had assured Nigerians of their commitment to raise their standard of living, construct good road network, offer quality education and improve on agriculture. Today, all their promises were mere deceit to hijack power. Today, Nigerians have been raped, shattered, dehumanised and abandoned.. “Nothing in Nigeria is working again; not even human lives and properties are spared. It is annoying that a country that is blessed with vast natural resources is increasing the pump price of petrol at will. Nothing is stable, prices of goods rising up and never coming down.” “No one sleeps with his/her two eyes closed. The society is tensed and charged over possible uprising anytime, any day. Civil servants, pensioners and the masses are crying. Civil servants and pensioners are yet to be paid. Hunger and starvation has risen to a high proportion.”  Source Abuja  - The Chairman, Senate Committee on Ethics, Privileges and Public Petitions, Sen. Samuel Anyanwu said on Tuesday that his committee would go ahead with the proposed probe of the EFCC Chairman, Mr Ibrahim Lamorde. Anyanwu said this when he spoke with news men in Abuja. The News Agency of… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko ABUJA - (Sundiata Post) -  Fear saturated the camp of the All Progressives Congress-led federal government  as different parties and  Political juggernauts converged at Yar'adua centre yesterday and put pen to paper on how to work together to sack President Muhammadu Buhari from Aso Rock come February 2019.… In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The 8th Senate has surpassed the records of petitions that were received by its predecessors by 100 per cent. It's Committee on Ethics, Privileges and Public Petitions has revealed that it has received over 130 petitions from various individuals and groups since the inception of the… In "News"