Popular OAP, vlogger and entrepreneur took to Twitter to call out the fire department after it took them 20 hours to respond to a fire that erupted at her home.  According to Toke, the fire firefighters who arrived 20 hours after the fire had been put out were asking “who put out the fire” and also wanted to inspect the location of the fire outbreak. She further disclosed that fire fighters asked her to allow them come back to teach the household how to use a fire extinguisher. Toke Makinwa tweeted; “Nigeria is jokes man, this is a fucking movie. There was a fire at my house last night, thank God it was curtailed, emergency fire department was called guys guess what time they strolled in to my house? 1pm today. This country is designed to frustrate you, you call on the fire department and they show up almost 20 hours later asking questions like “who put out the fire”? I am still shocked 5 fire fighters in uniform walk up to me talking about can they inspect the location of the fire outbreak?? We needed you at 10pm last night you didn’t show up, we fought to contain the situation and you want to inspect what exactly??? This country is pure cruise Then they ask to come back to teach the household how to use a fire extinguisher, between the shock I’m feeling, the anger and tiredness, I’m not sure how to feel about my country Nigeria”. •Burnt Onitsha market stalls By Pamela Eboh Many traders are now counting their losses in the aftermath of the fire disaster of Wednesday, October 16, 2019. Apart from the destruction of people’s means of livelihood by the inferno, it took with it about eleven souls including a mother and child… In "Features" By Moji Eniola   Ojota   -      Fire gutted a section of Binukonu Ultra Modern Market, Ojota in Lagos in the early hours of Friday, destroying goods and property worth millions of Naira. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that this was the third fire incident at… In "News" By Emmanuel Antswen   Makurdi   -      Traders at the Wadata Market in Makurdi, Benue which was gutted by early morning fire outbreak are counting their losses. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) gathered from reliable sources that the fire started at about 1am on Tuesday. A cross section of the… In "News"