Eight persons have died in road accidents in Oyo, Kano and Anambra states.  Three of the dead, all secondary school students in the Erunmu area of Ibadan, the Oyo State capital, were passengers on a motorcycle when the crash occurred on Monday. The bike man also died. The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) confirmed the incident on Monday. Sector commander, Mrs Uche Chukwurah said a truck rammed into the motorcycle, which was conveying five persons. Another passenger, a female, sustained injuries.  Two persons equally died while two others were injured in a ghastly crash on Obiuno Road in Ekwulobia, Aguata Local Government Area of Anambra State. The incident, which happened on Sunday, involved a Lexus ES350 car. The FRSC blamed the crash on speeding. Confirming the incident, Sector Commander, Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), Andrew Kumapayi said the body of the deceased had been deposited at the mortuary. He enjoined drivers to desist from speeding but apply the recommended speed limit of 50km/hrs in built up areas. He said, “An unidentified driver of a Lexus ES350 car with registration number KSF 403 GD was involved in the fatal crash. “A total of four persons were involved in the crash comprising two male adults and two female adults “Two persons, one male and one female adult sustained varying degrees of injuries and were taken to Apex hospital Igboukwu, while two persons were confirmed dead by the doctor on duty.  Source By Lucy Osuizigbo-Okechukwu   Awka -  A female motorcycle passenger has been confirmed dead in an accident involving a bus and a motorcycle at Ichida in Igboukwu, along Igboukwu-Nnewi road in Auguata Local Government Area of Anambra State. Mr Andrew Kumapayi, the Sector Commander of the Federal Road Safety Corps… In "News" By Chimezie Anaso Awka - Two persons died and two others were injured in an accident involving a petrol-laden tanker and a Mercedes Benz Bus at Agu-Awka Junction, Awka, Anambra. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) correspondent who visited the scene of the crash gathered that the tanker which was… In "Metro" By Habibu Harisu Sokoto, - The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) in Sokoto state on Monday confirmed that six persons died and 15 others were injured in an auto crash in the Sokoto metropolis on Sunday. FRSC Sector Commander in the state, Mr Muhammad Kaugama-Kabo, told the News Agency of… In "Metro"