Stakeholders in the Niger-Delta region will gather on March 10 at one-day virtual colloquium to proffer solutions to some of the hitches responsible for the delay of the passage of the Petroleum Industry Bill which is before the Senate. The bill had not been passed since 2008 when it was first introduced to the Sixth Assembly. Bigwigs such as Minister of State, Petroleum Resources, Timipre Sylva; Minister of Transport, Rotimi Amaechi; Minister of State, Labour and Productivity, Festus Keyamo; Deputy Senate President, Ovie Omo-Agege, will grace the event co-organised by online news platform, The News Guru; and television station, Africa Independent Television. Also amongst the line-up of speakers at the event with the theme, ‘PIB: finally getting it right and breaking the 20-year hiatus’, are ex-Delta State Governor, Emmanuel Uduaghan; ex-Director-General of the Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency, Dakuku Peterside; Ex-Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Pius Anyim; Chairman, TNG Advisory Board, Chidi Amuta; as well as AIT founder, Raymond Dokpesi. The discussants including ex-governor of Edo State, Oserhiemen Osunbor, will analyse the legal framework around the PIB and how it will affect host oil-producing communities with an aim to make the PIB a mutually beneficial law for all stakeholders in the country. Commenting on the confab, TNG publisher, Mideno Bayagbon, said, “The focus of the summit is to end the seemingly intractable problem of enacting a new, mutually beneficial petroleum industry law which will transform the industry and put in place firm roadmaps for the federal government, industry operators and the communities and states of the Niger Delta.” The virtual event, which will hold between 11am and 2pm on March 10, will be streamed on AIT networks, Zoom and Youtube. Punch Governors and leaders of the South-South geopolitical zone have demanded restructuring of the country in line with the principle of true federalism, saying it will guarantee peace, security and stability in the country. The South-South leaders decried the present arrangement, where others zones depend on the resources of the Niger… In "Politics" The Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) has called on stakeholders in the oil and gas industry to join in working towards reducing operations cost to achieve the $10 or less per barrel production cost target.A press release by the Group General Manager, Group Public Affairs Division, Dr. Kennie Obateru, stated… In "News" Abuja - The alleged impersonators were discovered shortly after the appearance of the Minister of State for Petroleum Resources, Timipre Sylva. Men of the Nigeria Police Force attached to the National Assembly Complex Abuja on Thursday arrested three fake journalists on the premises.The suspects,  identified simply as Balarabe Umar, Joseph Andor… In "News"