Owing to the rising insecurity, kidnappings, criminal activities, abductions, the National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS) has called on Nigerians to prepare for a day of national protest.  A statement by the PRO, NANS Zone D, Kazeem Israel, noted that if urgent action is not taken to tackle the rising insecurity, Nigeria may collapse into irreversible crisis that may result into an unprecedented humanitarian crisis. It lamented: “On a daily basis, citizens are been sacrificed as human lives no longer matter in Nigeria. “The people are being butchered on a daily basis and, most unfortunately, our government has continued to prove to us that they are absent or, rather, that they are overwhelmed with the crisis confronting the Nigeria of today…” Read Also: NANS to FG: treat kidnappers as terrorists“…under a government whose primary responsibility is to protect the lives and properties of the citizens, kidnappings is going on on a large scale and, our best and brightest people are being killed on a daily basis with the government making no effort to guarantee the safety of the citizens.” While outlining series of mass abductions under the Buhari-led administration, it said: “One would have expected the Buhari’s government to intensify efforts to get a grip on security and, to also restore trust in key governmental institutions, but, the President will continue to prove to the larger populace that he is incapable.” “We are saying enough is enough, and, we will no longer sit-back and allow the mindless killings of Nigerians anywhere and in any manner whatsoever be sustained. “We shall not sit-back again and allow the daily kidnapping, terrorism and wanton killings Nationwide without showing displeasure, not just through writings but through protest which is also a form of expression.”  Source Claims and counterclaims, yesterday, trailed the fate of the abducted students of Government Girls Secondary School, Jangebe, Zamfara State. While one source said they had been released and were in the palace of the Emir of Anka waiting for transportation to Gusau, the state capital, earlier in the day, another… In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The Nigerian Army has disclosed how their proactive application of the Rules of Engagement (RoE) and strategic approach to crisis communication helped to ensure that the Biafran agitation in the South East and South South does not snowball into violence with a disastrous outcome. The Director… In "News" •Kankara schoolboys Insecurity has challenged Nigeria, her economic development and leadership like never seen in the recent history of the country apart from the civil war. In truth, everything seems to be on a standstill. Our leaders need help and a change of direction.  Insecurity in Nigeria seems to have… In "Column - Monday"