The Pension Transitional Arrangement Directorate in charge of the administration of pensions of federal retirees under the Defined Benefits Scheme said it paid N6.2bn arrears to 16,210 pensioners. It disclosed this in a statement on Tuesday titled ‘PTAD clears pension arrears of 16,210 pensioners, pays N6.2bn’ that this amount included those paid to next of kin of deceased pensioners. PTAD stated that it embarked on an expanded re-validation and re-computation exercise in a bid to clear all pension arrears and resolve all complaints of short payments and outstanding gratuities for the civil service pensioners and their next of kin. The directorate said it was able to review, compute, and recomputed the arrears through the project. According to the Executive Secretary, Dr Chioma Ejikeme, the project is targeted at reducing the number of complaints received by the directorate on short payments, qualified pensioners not on payroll and other outstanding benefits to the pensioners and the next of kin of deceased pensioners. Source Abuja  -  The Pension Transitional Arrangement Directorate (PTAD) has assured pensioners of the payment of 33 per cent pension arrears and the payment of benefits to Next of Kins (NOKs) of deceased pensioners in the very near future. The assurance is contained in a statement issued by the Head of… In "News" Abuja- The Pension Transitional Arrangement Directorate (PTAD), said the payment of arrears on the 33 per cent salary increment in 2010 would be paid to pensioners in December. Its Director-General, Nellie Mayshak, made this known at the National Executive Council meeting of the Nigeria Union of Pensioners (NUP) in Abuja… In "News" By Ismaila Chafe   Abuja -   President Muhammadu Buhari says his administration has put a stop to dehumanisation of Federal Government’s pensioners by ensuring prompt payment of their entitlements and clearing the backlog of arrears. President Buhari stated this when he received a delegation of the Nigeria Union of… In "News"