Rotimi Amaechi, the former Governor of Rivers State, has said he won’t join issues with his successor and current governor of the South-South state, Nyesom Wike, The PUNCH reports.  Amaechi, who is the Minister of Transportation, stated this on Thursday while featuring on an Arise TV programme, monitored by The PUNCH. For some years, Amaechi of the All Progressives Congress and Wike of the Peoples Democratic Party have not been in good terms over certain political issues that concern the state. Wike had on Wednesday accused the APC-led Federal Government of shielding Amaechi from prosecution over misappropriation of proceeds from the sales of some state assets. The governor had said, “People gave you opportunity. You sold our properties, everything. And people are talking in this state because of the government that says they are fighting corruption and protecting people. You (Amaechi) sold our property for $308m and kept for us $208,000. “That is the kind of people parading themselves in government, for a government that says they are fighting corruption, shame.” The minister was also said to have labeled Wike a “drunk” but speaking on the television programme, Amaechi said he never called the governor a “drunk”. The minister said, “I didn’t say that, that will be disrespectful of a governor; I only say that I don’t make statements under the influence of alcohol. Some people are attaching meaning to what I say.” “I don’t think I want to address the issue of the governor, I have made my point, I have moved on. He was my staff, I can’t bring myself low. I was a governor, I was also a speaker, I’m a minister. I was two-term chairman of governors’ forum. The same when I was a speaker. Why should I be discussing about him (Wike)?” Amaechi asked.  Source Out-going Rivers State governor, Mr Rotimi Amaechi, has challenged the state governor-elect, Mr Nyesom Wike, that he (Amaechi) was not afraid of his administration being probed. Speaking at his 50th birthday public lecture in Port Harcourt, Amaechi said “Listening to the governor-elect, Wike, I am trying not to respond to… In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Over the years, political actors in Rivers State have made it extremely difficult for public affairs watchers not to read meanings into what ordinary folks would dismiss. Although the 2023 political calendar is more than two years away observers have started making their own calculations and… In "Top Stories" PORT HARCOURT (Sundiata Post) - The Rivers State chapter of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has said the recent accusations by the state Governor Nyesom Wike against former commissioner for information, Mrs. Ibim Semenitari; former Governor Chibuike Amaechi and Nobel laureate, Prof. Wole Soyinka, indicate that "the embattled governor is… In "Top Stories"