Three notable Nigerians – Burna Boy, Wizkid and Tiwa Savage – were among those who won at this year’s 63rd annual Grammy Awards.  The event held on Sunday (yesterday) in Los Angeles. Beyonce had a big night, winning four prizes and thereby breaking the record for the most-ever Grammy wins by a female artist, and the most by any singer, male or female. Rapper Megan Thee Stallion also had a successful evening, taking home three awards including Best New Artist and pop powerhouse Taylor Swift won Album of the Year honors for the third time in her career. See full list below: Album of the Year: Taylor Swift, “folklore” Record of the Year, recognizing overall performance on a song: Billie Eilish, “Everything I Wanted” Song of the Year, for songwriting: H.E.R., Dernst Emile II and Tiara Thomas, “I Can’t Breathe” Best New Artist: Megan Thee Stallion Best Music Video: Beyonce, Blu Ivy, Wizkid “Brown Skin Girl” Best Rap Album: Nas, “King’s Disease” Best Rap Song: Megan Thee Stallion featuring Beyonce, “Savage” Best Rap Performance: Megan Thee Stallion featuring Beyonce, “Savage” Best Rock Album: The Strokes, “The New Abnormal” Best Rock Song: Brittany Howard, “Stay High” Best Rock Performance: Fiona Apple, “Shameika” Best Pop Vocal Album: Dua Lipa, “Future Nostalgia” Best Pop Solo Performance: Harry Styles, “Watermelon Sugar” Best Pop Duo/Group Performance: Lady Gaga with Ariana Grande, “Rain on Me” Best R&B Album: John Legend, “Bigger Love” Best R&B Performance: Beyonce, “Black Parade” Best Alternative Music Album: Fiona Apple, “Fetch the Bolt Cutters” Best Global Music Album: Burna Boy, “Twice as Tall” Best Country Album: Miranda Lambert, “Wildcard” Best Contemporary Christian Music Album: Kanye West, “Jesus Is King” Best Comedy Album: Tiffany Haddish, “Black Mitzvah” Best Song Written for Visual Media: Billie Eilish, “No Time to Die” (for “No Time to Die”) Top Nigerian acts, Burna Boy and Rema have been nominated for the 2020 BET awards, as they continue to gain global prominence. As the nomination list was released by American media network, BET, on Monday, many Nigerians were eager to see which of their country stars made the cut. For… In "Entertainment" LOS ANGELES - British soul-pop artist Sam Smith, R&B star Beyonce and singer-producer Pharrell Williams led artists with six Grammy nominations each. They also had nods for the top prize of Album of the Year, the Recording Academy said Friday. Smith's "In the Lonely Hour," Beyonce's self-titled album and Pharrell's… In "Foreign" LOS ANGELES - Heartbreak'' paid off handsomely for British soul singer Sam Smith, a newcomer who won four Grammy awards on Sunday including record and song of the year for his anthem "Stay With Me." The 22-year-old was also anointed best new artist and his debut album "In The Lonely… In "Foreign"