The Lagos State Commissioner of Police CP Hakeem Odumosu has ordered the immediate redeployment of the Divisional Police Office, (DPO) Ajao Estate and his senior officers.  This comes after the errant officers allowed night clubbing at Garbana Club on Sunday, 7th March, 2021. The Commissioner of Police, Lagos State made the pronouncement while addressing officers Area Commanders and DPOs at the POWA Hall, Oduduwa Ikeja, on Monday, 8th March, 2021. Earlier, Odumosu had warned Area Commander and DPOs to enforce COVID-19 protocols in their areas and on no account should any of them allow gross violation of the protocols in the state, but yet, many violate these protocols with impunity. Also the command had arrested 41 clubbers at the club between 1.40am and 2.30am at Garbana Club on Sunday, 7th March. Odumosu reiterated and warned the DPOs against promoting violation of COVID-19 protocols in their areas particularly clubbing and non wearing of nose masks as charity begins at home, and that he will pay them surprise visits to catch them unawares.  Source By Oladapo Udom Lagos - The new Commissioner of Police, Lagos State, CP Hakeem Odumosu has said that managing the menace of traffic in the metropolis would be his top priority. Odumosu disclosed this during a press briefing Monday in Ikeja. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Odumosu took… In "News" State governments on Monday explained obstacles to the enforcement of COVID-19 Health Protection Regulation 2021, which was signed by the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.) on January 27. Our correspondents, who monitored major cities across the country on Monday, observed that many residents were not complying with COVID-19 protocols… In "News" The Commissioner of Police, Lagos State Command, CP Hakeem Odumosu, today paid a condolence visit on parents of 11-year-old Favour Ikechukwu, who was gang-raped to death in Ejigbo area of Lagos, last Wednesday, with a vow to arrest the fleeing perpetrators.   As first step to getting justice for the… In "News"