A staff of Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile-Ife, Osun State, named Fisayo Oyeniyi, hung himself in his residence after sending suicide text to his mother, wife and children, The Nation learnt. The Nation learnt that Oyeniyi who was one of the armed guards in the security department left his working place for his house around Kanmi bus stop, at Ifewara road, Ile-Ife to commit suicide. Oyeniyi sent text messages to his mother, wife and his two children informing them that he was not interested in living again. A source in the area named Tolani, said, “the incident happened around noon. I saw people rushing to his apartment to get to see for themselves to be sure of what Mr. Oyeniyi has done to himself. “We saw where he hung himself, dangling on the rope inside. He has been buried. This is so sad.” Another source said, he committed suicide after two hours that he sent the suicide text to his family. When The Nation contacted the spokesperson of Nigeria Police, Osun state, Yemisi Opalola, she said the matter was yet to be reported to the police. However, the public relation officer of OAU, Mr Abiodun Olarewaju, confirmed the incident. He said Oyeniyi left office after he sent a suicide text to his mother, wife and children. The Nation A principal lecturer in the Department of Adult Education of the defunct College of Education now Tayo Akpata University, Ekiadolor, Benin, Friday Orobator, has committed suicide over a 13-month unpaid salary. The senior lecturer, who was in his 50s and whose wife had just been delivered of a baby, hanged… In "News" By Adepote Arowojobe Ikorodu (Lagos State) - Residents of Aga community in Ikorodu, near Lagos were on Friday greeted with shock when the corpses of a father, wife and their child were found in their apartment. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) learnt that the incident occurred at No 12,… In "News" Mr Samuel Elias a final year student of department of Religion and Culture, University of Nigeria Nsukka has committed suicide by drinking Sniper. The mother, Mrs Kate Elias a staff of the university said that the unfortunate incident happened on Monday June 17, around 5.30pm in her house at Justina… In "Metro"