Barrister Francis Onwuachi, the Chairman of the Nigerian Bar Association, Onitsha branch, has been killed by his abductors.  Onwuachi, President General of Omor, a community in Ayamelum Local Government Area, was kidnapped was kidnapped along Ezu River/Anaku road on Friday, March 12, while on his way to his town by gunmen suspected to be Fulani herdsmen. According to a THISDAY report, the lawyer, who was the Vice President of the University of Nigeria Alumni Association (UNAA), Onitsha branch, was found dead on Friday night, March 19. Meanwhile, the Committee of Chairmen and Secretaries of the Nigerian Bar Association Branches in Anambra State has bemoaned what it described as the worsening security situation in the state. In a in a statement signed by all the chairmen and secretaries of the various branches, the association said there is tension Anambra state. The statement read; The Committee of Chairmen and Secretaries of the Nigerian Bar Association Branches in Anambra State bemoans the worsening security situation in Anambra State and calls on the Federal Government, Anambra State Government and heads of Security agencies to wake up and be alive to their responsibilities of protecting lives and properties of the citizens. The Committee notes that the security situation in Anambra State is highly tensed up and frightening to say the least. Recently, there has been cases of kidnap and gruesome murder/killing of innocent citizens and security personnels in the State and nothing is being done to curb this frightening security challenges in the State. Just last week Friday, 12/3/2021, a Lawyer, Bar Frank Onwuachi, who is also the President General of Omor in Ayamelum LGA of Anambra State was kidnapped along Ezu River/Anaku road and gruesomely murdered the following day by his captors. Yesterday, 19/3/2021, two Prison Officers were killed at Ekwulobia, Aguata LGA and this is barely 24 hours after Naval officers and policemen were killed at Awkuzu and Neni respectively. Also, a Naval Outpost close to Bridgehead was attacked sometimes last week resulting to the killings of some Naval officers and their weapons carted away. The Committee urgently calls on the State Government to as a matter of urgency summon a meeting of various Security agencies in the State to address this worrisome security situations and tackle it headlong. Failure by the State Government to act immediately may lead to a descent to anarchy. We all cannot continue to downplay the Security situation or pretend that all is well. The time to act is now. The Committee condoles with the NBA Otuocha Branch, the families of late Bar Frank Onwuachi and all security men killed by unknown gun men and prays that their souls rest in peace. The Committee consequently resolves as follows; 1. That all lawyers in Anambra State shall boycott all courts from Monday, 22/3/2021 to Wednesday, 24/3/2021. Onitsha (Anambra)  -   The Chief Judge of Anambra, Justice Peter Umeadi, has urged lawyers to indulge in sports, saying that it is a veritable tool for social development. Umeadi gave the advice on Tuesday in Onitsha at the commencement of the Arthur Obi-Okafor (SAN) Soccer Tournament for the eight… In "Sports" ONITSHA (Sundiata Post) - Human rights group, the International Society for Civil Liberties and the Rule of Law (Intersociety) has said 100 Christians were killed in April 2019 while between 750 and 800 Christians lost their lives in the first four months of 2019 in  attacks carried out by herdsmen. … In "Top Stories" LAGOS - The Ikeja and Lagos branches of the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA) on Sunday appealed to the abductors of ex-NBA President, Mr Okey Wali (SAN), to release him immediately and unconditionally. The two branch chairmen  made the appeal while speaking with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos.… In "News"