Joe Biden, the United States President, has invited Nigeria’s President Muhammadu Buhari and 39 other world leaders to a virtual summit to galvanise efforts in tackling the climate crisis.  The two-day summit is expected to mark America’s return to the frontlines in the fight against human-caused climate change after former President Trump disengaged from the process. The White House said the summit is scheduled for April 22-23. It hopes that the meeting will help shape, speed up and deepen global efforts to cut climate-wrecking fossil fuel pollution. “The summit will also highlight examples of how enhanced climate ambition will create good-paying jobs, advance innovative technologies, and help vulnerable countries adapt to climate impacts,” the White House said in a statement Friday. The U.S. is also expected to announce “an ambitious 2030 emissions target.” Biden invited leaders of the Major Economies Forum on Energy and Climate, which brings together 17 countries responsible for approximately 80 per cent of global emissions and global GDP as well as heads of other countries that are especially “vulnerable to climate impacts” or demonstrating “strong climate leadership.” A small number of business and civil society leaders will also participate in the summit. Major World leaders invited include the US rivals Russian President Vladimir Putin and Chinese President Xi Jinping, German Chancellor Angela Merkel, French President Emmanuel Macron and British Prime Minister Boris Johnson to the summit. Others are Saudi King Salman bin Abdulaziz, Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro, Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan.  Source US President-elect Joe Biden rang round allies in Seoul, Sydney and Tokyo Thursday, vowing to repair frayed partnerships and reaffirming mutual-defence pacts thrown in doubt by the current White House. A day after Biden’s series of “America is back” calls with European leaders, the former vice president spoke to Australia’s… In "Foreign" Abuja  - President Muhammadu Buhari will leave Abuja on Nov. 26 for Malta to participate in the 2015 Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting. This information is contained in a statement issued in Abuja on Wednesday by the President’s Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Mr Femi Adesina. The meeting begins… In "Top Stories" New York - Swedish teenage climate activist Greta Thunberg helped kick off a youth climate summit at the United Nations in New York on Saturday, ahead of a key gathering of world leaders next week. “Yesterday millions of people across the globe marched and demanded real climate action, especially young… In "Foreign"