It is unfortunate that the government of Nigeria cannot curb away the insecurity that is going on in this country. Nigeria have been under the web of terrorism, banditry, and massive kidnapping in recent weeks. The latest abduction and release is that of the Jangebe School Girls in Zamfara State. The girls who were abducted four days ago, have been released in the early hours of Tuesday 2nd March, 2021 at 5:00am. The government have received the girls in the Government House to welcome them after their bad ordeal. In the track of all these happenings, a shocking revelation has been made by the released abducted school girls. It is shocking to hear that, parents of some of their class mate’s father’s among the bandits. This is a serious case to look into by the government. If the girls could recognize that some of the bandits are their classmates father’s, then it will be easier for security operatives to carry out their work and duty. I believe what is happening in Nigeria is not ordinary. For fathers of girls that were abducted to be among the bandits, shows that banditry and kidnapping in the country is a planned and a business strategy. Don’t you think that this information can help the Government and security agency to carry out their operations. (The Podium) •The hostel of the abducted schoolgirls in Zamfara State GUSAU - Seven out of the 317 female students abducted at the Jangebe Government Girls Secondary School in Zamfara State have escaped from their abductors. A source who spoke with Channels Television from Jangebe town via a phone call on Friday… In "Top Stories" Islamic scholar Sheikh Ahmad Gumi has said abductors of the Zamfara schoolgirls were not the bandits he recently engaged with in Zamfara forests. The Nation had reported bandits stormed Government Secondary School Jangebe in Talata Mafara Local Government Area around 1am Friday and abducted over 300 female students. Zamfara Commissioner… In "News" Gunmen on Friday (early this morning) abducted yet to be ascertained number of schoolgirls from Government Girls Secondary School, Jangebe in Talata Mafara local government area of Zamfara state. However, in a developing story on BBC Hausa, about 300 felames students were said to have been abducted. This is coming… In "Top Stories"