Garba Shehu, a Presidential aide has stated that President Buhari is not a medical tourist, he has only retained the same doctor in the UK for 30 years.  Shehu stated this in an interview on Channels Television on Tuesday March 30. He added that Buhari is wise and quite correct in his decision to consistently retain the set of doctors who have ensured good health for him. Shehu Said; “I think that, unfortunately, there is the misconception of the president’s trip, seen in the context of medical tourism. “President Buhari is not a medical tourist — if somebody has kept retainership with medical experts; we are talking about 30 years and plus. “Each year, they view you and examine you and give you a pass and advise you on what to do. Would you, given this position, be changing your doctors every other year, because there is a chance the distance will be shortened? “I think the president is wise and quite correct in his decision that he retains consistently the set of doctors who have ensured good health for himself.”  Source By Ismaila Chafe Abuja -   President Muhammadu Buhari has departed Abuja for London where he is scheduled to meet with his doctors for routine medical check up. The presidential aircraft conveying the president and few of his aides took-off from the presidential wing of the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport… In "Top Stories" Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari on Tuesday called on Non-Governmental Organisations (NGOs) and international aid agencies to complement the Federal Government’s efforts to increase humanitarian assistance to Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) in the country. A statement issued by Mallam Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity to the… In "News" Abuja - The Presidency has dismissed a London Telegraph’s article, claiming that President Muhammadu Buhari-led administration is targeting Christians and the opposition. Malam Garba Shehu, the President’s Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, in a statement issued on Monday in Abuja, described it as ``untrue and without foundation.’’ Shehu… In "News"