Two of the most popular musicians in Nigeria have been named as having the most streams on Spotify.  According to Vanguard, Wizkid and Burna Boy have been announced as the most streamed Nigerian artistes on Spotify. In a statement made available to Vanguard, Wednesday, four out of the top five most-streamed artistes are from Nigeria. Topping the list are superstars: WizKid, Burna Boy, Davido, and Rema. According to the statement, local hits are also resonating the most with Nigerian listeners. The most-streamed track in the country over the past month is “Bounce” by Rema, followed by Wizkid and Burna Boy’s “Ginger” and Davido and Teni’s “For You”. With a strong appetite for local sounds, it comes as no surprise that Hot Hits Naija is one of the top-streamed playlists among users. Spotify’s Africa to the world playlist African Heat comes in second reflecting listeners’ keenness to discover music from all over the continent. Spotify launched with a tailored music experience for Africa with more than 100 expertly curated playlists across some of the most popular genres in the continent. The first 30 days demonstrated how much Nigerian listeners love their home-grown artistes.  Source If i am to go by the list of the most popular Nigerian Musicians with Outstanding Performance in 2020, then many up and coming artistes who have done exceedingly well in 2020 won't be mentioned, but we shall do justice by mixing up the list with both the popular and… In "Entertainment" By Anita Eboigbe Abuja - Afro-fusion artist, Damini Ogulu aka Burna Boy, has topped the 2019 list of Apple Music most streamed artists. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the data, recently released by Apple Music, featured Artists in sub Sahara Africa whose songs were streamed via the… In "Entertainment" By Chiazo Ogbolu   Lagos    -     Google on Wednesday announced the results of its 2018 year in search, offering an insight into the year’s major moments and top trends based on searches conducted in Nigeria. Mr Taiwo Kola-Ogunlade, Google’s Communications and Public Affairs Manager, Anglophone West Africa, made the announcement… In "News"