Femi Fani-Kayode, a former minister of aviation has slammed prominent Islamic cleric, Sheik Gumi after he stated that if Nigeria can forgive coup plotters, they can also forgive bandits kidnapping and molesting women.  Reacting to Gumi’s statement likening bandits to coup plotters, FFK via his Twitter handle wrote; “If coup plotters are pardoned, why not bandits?”- Sheik Ahmad Gumi. Maybe we should give Hitler, Pol Pot, Stalin, King Leopard 11 of Belgium, Osama Bin Ladin, Al Bagdadi, Abubakar Shekau & every other mass murderer& genocidal maniac in world history a posthumous pardon too! First he urges the terrorists to target Christian soldiers, then he said that the kidnapping of children from their schools by the same terrorists was a lesser evil& now he says this. Has Sheik Ahmad Gumi finally lost his mind. Is he in desperate need of medical attention? Has he become the official spokesman for the terrorists that are slaughtering, tormenting, raping, mutilating & kidnapping our people all over the country? I am convinced that Gumi is no longer himself. Something has gone wrong with him. He is shrouded in darkness & deceit. Someone please tell him that we have had enough of these asinine, puerile, infantile, insensitive, uncharitable, wicked, dangerous & self-serving contributions & remarks.The country is already on the brink of war & fratricidal butchery: Gumi should not push us into it with his reckless provocations & deeply insensitive, callous, heartbreaking and insulting commentary. The terrorists he is defending are a living manifestation of pure and unadulterated evil and every single one of them deserves to be eliminated or brought to justice in a court of law for their crimes against humanity. Gumi, stop pampering bloodthirsty& bloodlusting psychopaths & murderers. Anyone that targets innocent& defenceless women & children & kills them is the scum of the earth& deserves to be sent to hell in a glorious hail of bullets.”  Source President Muhammadu Buhari has been called upon to arrest popular Islamic cleric, Sheikh Gumi. The Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council Worldwide, OYC made the call, saying Sheikh Gumi should be arrested to explain what he knows about banditry in the Northern part of the country. Gumi is believed to have drawn… In "News" Renowned Islamic cleric, Sheik Ahmad Gumi has stated bandits are militants fighting for ethnic survival. The former captain in the Nigeria Defence Academy (NDA) spoke on Channels Television’s Politics Today on Monday. Speaking about his experience with the armed herders, he said: “It is a complex issue. It is an… In "News" Kaduna-based Islamic cleric, Sheik Ahmad Gumi, on Sunday said the amnesty he proposed for bandits in the North should be extended to the Fulani involved in kidnappings in the South. Gumi, who stated this in an interview with one of our correspondents, also said the bandits involved in kidnappings were… In "News"