The Nigerian Army said, yesterday, that troops of Operation Hadarin Daji thwarted a kidnap attempt by bandits, killing scores of them, at Kabasa village in Magami Local Government Area (LGA) of Zamfara State. The Director of Army Public Relations, Brig.-Gen. Mohammed Yerima, said that troops of Sector 3 army unit stormed Kabasa on Tuesday following a tip-off about the bandits’ attack on residents. He said the timely arrival of troops prevented the bandits from abducting the villagers. Many of them were successfully neutralized by the soldiers while others escaped into the forest with bullet wounds. However, one soldier was killed during the gun battle while three others were wounded. They are currently receiving treatment in the hospital. The army spokesperson said the troops also responded to a distress call on a bandits attack at Gidan Goga village in Maradun Local Government Area of the state. Soldiers swiftly mobilized to the area and engaged the bandits killing three of them while others fled with gunshot wounds. In a similar incident, troops patrolling Birnin Gwari area of Kaduna State rescued two female kidnap victims, 22 days ago, from Kuyallo village, Birnin Gwari Local Government Area of the state. The victims have been given medical treatment while waiting to be reunited with their families. The Nation …Kaduna, Zamfara, Borno deadliest states…North-West deadliest zone AS flames of violence and other forms of lives guzzling insecurity flicker in many parts of the country, Nigeria has literally become a killing field. In the first six weeks of 2021, lives of no fewer than 1,525 persons have been wasted across… In "Top Stories" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The troops of 223 Battalion, 1 Brigade Nigerian Army have averted another attack on Dansadau town of Zamfara State by suspected cattle rustlers and armed bandits, killing 18 of them in the process. The Director of Army Public Relations (DAPR), Col. Sani Usman, said that the… In "Top Stories" KATSINA - Pandemonium ensued on Thursday when one Nigerian Army officer and two soldiers were killed by bandits in Unguwar Doka village of Faskari Local Government Area of Katsina State.   It was gathered that the soldiers, who were on routine patrol, ran into an ambush by the marauding… In "News"