The Rivers House of Assembly has confirmed Justice Simeon Amadi, the second most senior judge of River state High Court, as the state’s Chief Judge.  This came after Governor Nyesom Wike sent in a letter seeking Amadi’s confirmation and approval based on the National Judicial Council (NJC) recommendation. The incumbent Chief Judge, Justice Adama Iyaye Laminkara will reportedly retire on May 25. Governor Wike’s letter read; “The NJC has recommended Simeon C. Amadi for appointment as Chief Judge of Rivers State following the imminent retirement of the incumbent CJ, Justice A. I. Laminkara, from service on 25, May 2021.” “I have considered NJC’s recommendation as well as qualification, character and service experience of Justice Simeon Chibuzor Amadi and found him proper and suitable person to become the next Chief Judge of the state. “Accordingly, pursuant to the provisions of section 201(1) of the 1999 Constitution as amended, it is my pleasure to forward to you the recommendation and appointment of Justice Amadi to the Rivers State House of Assembly for confirmation and approval.” This follows up report of stakeholders not being happy that the most senior judge, Justice Joy Akpughunum was overlooked for the top job.  Source PORT HARCOURT (Sundiata Post) - The  National  Judicial  Council (NJC) has recommended  the extension  of  the appointment  of  the Acting Chief Judge of Rivers State, Hon. Justice Daisy Okocha from 1st December , 2015 to 15th January,  2016. Consequently,  Rivers State  Governor, Nyesom Wike has approved  the extension  of  Okocha's… In "News" •Justice Akon Ikpeme By Innocent Anaba, Henry Ojelu & Ike Uchechukwu The second time rejection of the nomination of Justice Akon Ikpeme as the substantive Chief Judge of Cross River State by the State House of Assembly, following her second re-nomination by the National Judicial Council, NJC, has received the… In "Features" PORT HARCOURT (Sundiata Post) - Rivers State Governor, Chief Nyesom Wike has declared that the swearing-in of the substantive chief judge of the state, Justice Daisy Wotube Okocha, is a victory for the rule of law and the respect for the rules of succession as outlined by the National Judicial… In "News"