The Inspector–General of Police (IGP) Muhammed Adamu on Sunday ordered immediate deployment of a team of specialised investigators from the Force Criminal Investigations Department (FCID), Abuja to Benue State.  The deployment, according to the IGP, is to provide additional investigative support to Benue Police Command following the attack on Governor Samuel Ortom by suspected herders on his farm at Tyo-mu on the Makurdi-Gboko road on Saturday. Adamu, who condemned the incident, equally directed Benue Commissioner of Police Command to take adequate measures towards strengthening and improving security in the State, particularly around the Governor. While calling for calm, the IGP assured the Force will continue to do its best in stabilising the security situation. A statement by the Force Public Relations Officer, CP Frank Mba said: “The Inspector-General of Police, IGP M.A Adamu, NPM, mni has ordered full-scale investigations into the circumstances surrounding the attack and reported attempt on the life of the Executive Governor of Benue State, His Excellency, Chief Samuel Loraer Ortom, at his farm in the outskirts of Makurdi, the State Capital, on Saturday, 20th March, 2021. “The IGP has also specifically directed the CP to carry out painstaking investigations into the incident and ensure the arrest and prosecution of persons indicted in the course of the investigations. “Meanwhile, in order to ensure a speedy, thorough and conclusive investigation into the matter, the IGP has ordered the immediate deployment of a team of specialised investigators from the Force Criminal Investigations Department (FCID), Abuja to Benue State to provide additional investigative support to the Benue State Police Command”.  Source MOHAMMED Adamu, inspector-General of Police, IGP, has ordered to the Commissioner of Police, Taraba State Command to fish-out the killers of Rev. Father David Tanko who was gruesomely murdered in the most inhuman and barbaric manner by unknown persons in the early hours of today, August 29, at Kpankufu Village… In "Security" The Inspector General of Police, IGP Mohammed Adamu, has ordered the immediate posting and redeployment of 11 Commissioners of Police to various Commands and Formations. The postings and redeployment are as follow: Edo State, CP Johnson Babatunde Kokumo; Osun State, CP Undie J. Adie; Bauchi State CP Lawal Jimeta Tanko;… In "News" Jimoh Moshood, the current Police Public Relations officer in Abuja is probably the most unprofessional occupier of that office since 1999.  His lack of professionalism and ready capacity to perpetually say the wrong thing at the right time is the reason why he should be relieved forthwith of that important… In "Opinion"