By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  The Senate has approved the establishment of the Chatered Institute of Forensic and Investigative Professional of Nigerian. The approval came with the clause-by-clause consideration of a report by the Committee on Establishment and Public Service on the Chartered Institute of Forensic and Investigative Professionals of Nigeria (Establishment) Bill, 2021.The report was presented by Senator Ibrahim Shekarau (APC, Kano Central). According to Shekarau, the objectives of the bill includes effective regulation, registration of members to acquire skills and knowledge in order to qualify and practice as forensic and investigative professionals.The Institute when established would make provision for the training of professionals from other disciplines like Lawyers, Criminologists, and Security Experts, Judicial Officers, Court Registrars, amongst others that are desirous to become skilled in this unique practice of financial fraud prevention, detection and investigation. This is because Forensic and Investigative Professionals involve litigation support, court testimony and expert witness.In his concluding remarks, President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, said the “new Institute should provide the kind of services that would ensure that corruption, particularly in the public sector – but generally in both private and public sectors are easily identified and nipped in the bud.”“We don’t need to have EFCC chasing people. I think if we can nip in the bud if we reduce the chances of people doing away with billions,” Lawan added. Meanwhile, the Upper Chamber also on Tuesday passed a bill that would protect older persons against discrimination.The passage of the bill followed the consideration of a report by the Women Affairs Committee on the Older Persons (Rights and Privileges) Bill, 2020. (Sundiata Post) – The Chartered Institute of Forensic and Investigative Auditors (CIFIA) on Wednesday raised the alarm over threat to the life of its Protem President, Victoria Enape, by perpetrators of financial fraud. The organisation said the threats and attacks became has been reinforced by the push by Enape for… In "News" By Abiemwense Moru Abuja - The House of Representatives on Tuesday, rejected the Bill for an Act to establish the Chartered Institute of Forensic and investigative auditors of Nigeria for effective regulation and registration of members. The bill also determines the knowledge and skills that a practitioner requires to attain… In "News" Washington -   A Study published on Monday in the journal Cancer showed that weight loss was linked to lower risk of developing invasive breast cancer for postmenopausal women. Obesity has been strongly related to breast cancer risk, but previous studies examining whether weight loss might reduce postmenopausal women’s risk… In "Health"