Agitator like Sunday Igboho and Asari Dokubo might have landed themselves in serious trouble.  This comes after the Nigerian army chief, (COAS), Lt.-Gen. Ibrahim Attahiru said on Monday, that the army is coming for the agitators.  Attahiru’s warning was delivered in Uyo at the first Commanding Officers’ Workshop 2021. Igboho recently unilaterally declared that the South west part of the country was no longer part of Nigeria. Dokubo had also announced the establishment of Biafra Customary Government in which he incorporated some parts of the South east and South south as part of the territory. But Attahiru promised that the Nigerian Army will deal decisively with every form of security threats confronting the nation, including those posed by the secessionist agitators like Igboho and Dokubo. Attahiru assured the nation that the Nigerian Army would soon surmount attempts by some individuals to compromise the territorial integrity of the country by the declaration of sovereignty on behalf of ethnic nationalities in the country. “The Nigerian Army under my leadership would remain proactive and jointly work with other security agencies to decisively deal with threats facing the nation. “The Nigerian Army under my watch remains resolute and is poised more than ever before to decisively deal with individuals or groups that threaten the peace, security and stability of our great nation,” he said. Attahiru called on participants at the workshop with the theme, “Repositioning the Nigerian Army to Defeat Contemporary Adversaries in a Joint Environment.” to commit themselves to the dictates of their duty to the nation. The COAS said that he would continue to provide mission oriented training through workshops and build capacity for the military that would make the army dependable and feared by all adversaries. In his remarks, Gov. Udom Emmanuel of Akwa Ibom said the security challenges confronting the nation called for a military that was ready and equipped to face the problems. Emmanuel, who was represented by the Deputy Governor, Mr Moses Ekpo, urged the military to intensify and expand the strategies, techniques and tactics needed to contain all insecurity across the country. He commended the various security agencies in the state for the synergy and harmonious working relationship among them which he said had brought about security in the state, and promised to continue to support them. “With the security realities confronting our nation, the military more than ever should be ready and equipped to face and confront these realities by ensuring that the service maintains the highest possible standard of continuous training for optional performance. “It is reassuring that in spite of other operational commitments across the country, the new Chief of Army staff has considered it necessary to organise this workshop,” Emmanuel said. Earlier in his address, the General Officer Commanding 6th Division, Maj.-Gen. Sani Mohammed said the workshop was the first major achievement of the chief of army staff. He said that the workshop was delayed due to the COVID-19 pandemic, adding that it was an opportunity to enhance training and build capacity for military officers. Mohammed said that the workshop had participants drawn from the South-South region of the Nigerian Army.  Source Nigerian politician and writer, Femi Fani-Kayode has warned against intimidation and victimization of Yoruba activist, Sunday Igboho following his antics over the weekend. He also condemned the Nigerian army for beating Ogun residents who rejected Fulani herdsmen. Here is FFK's article below: For soldiers to escort murderous Fulani herdsmen back… In "Opinion" For soldiers to escort murderous Fulani herdsmen back to a community in Ogun State from which they were earlier evicted and then to publicly whip members of that community for evicting them simply beggars belief.  Have the people of the South West now become slaves in their fathers' land? Have… In "Opinion" The National Coordinator of Concerned Advocates for Good Governance, CAGG, Olusegun Bamgbose, Esq has urged President Muhammadu Buhari to vacate Aso Rock since he cannot tackle the issue of insecurity in the country. Bamgbose noted that it was unfortunate that President Buhari has suddenly become taciturn in reacting to pressing… In "News"