The Nigerian Senate has been asked by President Muhammadu Buhari to confirm the appointment of Dr Halilu Shaba Ahmad as the new Director-General of the National Space Research and Development Agency.  Buhari in the letter read on the floor by the President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, on Tuesday, urged the lawmakers to give it accelerated consideration. Ahmad has been in acting capacity following the expiration of the two-term tenure of Professor Seidu Mohammed in June 2020. The Agency had earlier, on July 2, 2019, announced the appointment of Mr Jonathan Angulu as an acting Director-General to facilitate a seamless transition process between the outgone DG and an incoming one. Jonathan handed over to Ahmad two days earlier to continue in an acting capacity until the Federal Government appointed a substantive Director-General. Prior to his appointment as the acting Director-General of NASRDA, Ahmad served in various leadership capacities since joining the Agency in 2009. Most recently, he served as the Director of Strategic Space Applications, in which capacity he led the department’s policy initiations and execution within the national space programmes framework. Ahmad previously served as a Deputy Director at the National Emergency Management Agency between 2006 and 2009, before joining NASRDA. The Federal Government has appointed Dr. Halilu Shaba Ahmad as the acting Director-General of the National Space Research and Development Agency (NASRDA), following the expiration of the two-term tenure of Professor Seidu Mohammed. PRNigeria gathered that Dr. Shaba is one of the most senior directors in the Space Research agency.… In "News" The Federal Government has announced the appointment of Mr Jonathan Angulu as the acting Director General of the National Space Research and Development Agency (NASRDA). The announcement was made on Tuesday through a statement signed in Abuja by NASRDA’s Head, Media and Corporate Communications Dr Felix Ale. According to Dr… In "Top Stories" Fresh appointments to fill vacancies in the National Pension Commission (PENCOM) created uproar on the floor of the Senate on Tuesday. Senators across party divides were upset immediately Senate President Ahmad Lawan read a letter from President Muhammadu Buhari announcing the nomination of Aisha Umar as the director general of… In "News"