The death of popular Nollywood actor, Sadiq Baba has been described as shocking by former Peoples Democratic Party, presidential candidate, Atiku Abubakar.  Daba, who was also a veteran broadcaster died on Wednesday evening after a prolonged battle with leukemia and prostate cancer. The deceased had announced his diagnosis of leukemia and prostate cancer in 2017, same year he was flown out for treatment. Daba’s acting career came to prominence in the late 1970s, while starring in Cockcrow at Dawn. Reacting to his death, Atiku prayed for the forgiveness of his sins. In a tweet, Atiku wrote: “Sad that the cock will no longer crow at dawn. “Sadiq Daba, thank you for the joy you brought into our homes. “May your sins be forgiven, and your memories be a blessing.” On his part, Publisher of Ovation Magazine, Dele Momodu said Daba fought a “gallant battle.” “My very dear Brother, you fought a gallant battle. Good night and rest in peace. Veteran Actor, Sadiq Daba is Dead,” Momodu tweeted.  Source •Sadiq Daba LAGOS - Veteran actor and distinguished broadcaster, Sadiq Daba, has died around 8.30pm Wednesday (today).He reportedly died of leukemia in his Marwa Gardens residence, in Ikeja, Lagos.A top official of NTA confirmed the passing of the veteran broadcaster. Sadiq, a prolific actor who became a household name in… In "Entertainment" Billionaire businessman, Femi Otedola, has undertaken to take care of the medical bills of veteran actor, Sadiq Daba. Otedola disclosed this in a statement released on Sunday. Daba travelled to the United Kingdom in 2017 for the treatment of leukaemia and prostate cancer. He returned to Nigeria a few weeks… In "News" Nigerian billionaire businessman, Femi Otedola has taken over ailing actor, Sadiq Daba's medical bills.   Following prostate cancer relapse by one of Nollywood’s super stars, Sadiq Daba, a business mogul, Femi Otedola has stated that he would foot the medical bill of the actor, ThisDay reports. He said Daba’s health condition… In "Entertainment"