$1.5billion has been allocated for the rehabilitation of Port Harcourt Refinery.  The Federal Executive Council gave the approval on Wednesday and the plan will be carried out by the Ministry of Petroleum Resources The decision was taken at the weekly meeting of the council presided over by the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.). The Minister of State for Petroleum Resources, Timipre Sylva, disclosed this to State House correspondents at the end of the meeting at the Presidential Villa, Abuja. The minister said, “The Ministry of Petroleum Resources presented a memo on the rehabilitation of Port Harcourt refinery for the sum of $1.5bn, and that memo was $1.5 billion and it was approved by council today. “So, we are happy to announce that the rehabilitation of the refinery will commence in three phases. The first phase is to be completed in 18 months, which will take the refinery to a production of 90 percent of its nameplate capacity. “The second phase is to be completed in 24 months and all the final stage will be completed in 44 months and consultations are approved. “And I believe that this is good news for Nigeria.” Details later…  Source The Federal Executive Council (FEC) has approved the sum of $1.5 billion for the rehabilitation of the largest refining company in the country, the Port Harcourt Refinery. The Minister of State for Petroleum Resources, Chief Timipre Sylva, disclosed this to State House Correspondents after the weekly virtual FEC meeting, presided… In "News" Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari is currently presiding over the fifth virtual meeting of the Federal Executive Council (FEC) at the Presidential Villa, Abuja. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the Ministries of Finance, Budget and National Planning; Aviation; Works and Housing as well as Women Affairs are… In "Politics" Governors and leaders of the South-South geopolitical zone have demanded restructuring of the country in line with the principle of true federalism, saying it will guarantee peace, security and stability in the country. The South-South leaders decried the present arrangement, where others zones depend on the resources of the Niger… In "Politics"