Chevron Nigeria Limited (CNL) yesterday warned the public to be wary of false recruitment and contract information being advertised by scammers impersonating the oil giant or claiming to act in its name.  It said the “unscrupulous persons and organisations” were advertising fake job positions and contracts in CNL on several media and online channels. CNL gave the warning in a statement by its General Manager, Policy, Government and Public Affairs, Esimaje Brikinn. The statement reads: “CNL hereby dissociates itself from such false job recruitment and contract information, published in any newspaper, website, email, poster, handbill or any other medium. CNL did not make or authorise such publications…” “Members of the public are hereby notified that Chevron Nigeria Limited does not, and will not require applicants to make any payments towards processing any job application or contract awards. Recruitment advertisements requesting candidates to pay money, at any point during the recruitment process, are not from CNL.” The General Manager advised job seekers to always check the company’s website at http:/www.careers.chevron.com and national newspapers for job advertisements from CNL. He stressed that CNL would not respond to enquiries about fraudulent advertisements and job offers or contract awards.  Source According to The Nation, oil giant, Chevron Nigeria Limited (CNL), operator of the joint venture between the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation and CNL, has cleared the air over speculations that a foreign employee contracted the COVID-19 (Coronavirus) infection. In a statement by CNL’s General Manager, Policy, Government and Public Affairs,… In "News" Lagos -  Chevron Nigeria Limited (CNL), an operator of Joint Venture with the NNPC, says a fire outbreak has occurred at its storage facility in Escravos. This is contained in a statement by Mr Deji Haastrup, the General Manager (Policy, Government and Public Affairs) in CNL on Wednesday in Lagos.… In "Business" Polobubo (Tsekelewu) Federated Communities in Warri North council area of Delta state has issued a 48-hour ultimatum to Chevron Nigeria Limited and the Nigerian Police for the release of one of its own, Barry Ebidinana. The communities, under the aegis of Polobubo Advocacy Group, also called on the Nigerian government… In "News"