The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has said it is not recruiting and warned the public about a fake recruitment advert by the agency being shared on Whtsapp.  EFCC’s Head, Media and Publicity, Mr Wilson Uwujaren in a statement, on Monday said the viral recruitment post was the handiwork of fraudsters, NAN reports. Uwujaren urged aspiring applicants against falling prey to the scam. “The attention of the EFCC has been drawn to the activities of a group on WhatsApp, dedicated to EFCC Recruitment 2020/2021. “The commission wishes to dissociate itself from the activities of the group, which is not known to the EFCC. “Any publication or advertorial to the contrary in the social or mainstream media can only be the handiwork of scammers. “The public is hereby advised to be circumspect to avoid being ensnared by fraudsters,” he said. Uwujaren pointed out that adverts for recruitment into the anti-graft agency were usually placed on mainstream media as well as the commission’s social media platforms. He urged members of the public to ignore fraudulent alert messages purportedly issued by the EFCC Help Desk Headquarters in Jabi, Abuja. “Such messages are not from the EFCC as the commission has no ‘Help Desk,’ the spokesman added.  Source Abuja  -  The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) on Monday dissociated itself from scandalous adverts on employment from the commission. This is contained in a statement signed by the Head, Media and Publicity of the Commission, Mr Wilson Uwujaren, made available in Abuja. According to the statement, the scam… In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), has arrested another impostor, Olu Adebanjo, allegedly using the commission to defraud unsuspecting members of the public of their money. The Head of Media and Publicity, EFCC, Wilson Uwujaren, in a statement on Monday, said the "long arm of… In "Metro" ENUGU - Mr David Iloyanamon, the Head of Operations, Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) South- East Zone, said on Tuesday that no fewer than 10 fraudsters were convicted in the zone in 2014. Addressing newsmen in Enugu, Iloyanamon said that the achievement was an appreciable increase in the number… In "News"