The Lagos State House of Assembly has approved N4.4bn for the procurement of vehicles for official use by ministries, departments and agencies.  According to a statement on Thursday, the fund would be used to procure official vehicles for principal officers in the state public service.  The assembly had received three letters from the Commissioner for Economic Planning and Budget seeking approval of the House to grant the request of Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu to procure vehicles for official use by various MDAs. The request was committed to the House Committee on Economic Planning and Budget. “The Chairman of the Committee met with the Office of the Head of Service as well as the Ministry of Economic Planning and Budget in order to determine if the request qualifies for the special expenditure.  “The Head of Service informed the committee that the request forwarded to the House was borne out of the needs of various MDAs as his office is in charge of the purchase and distribution of official vehicles in the public service,” the statement partly reads. The Speaker, Mudashiru Obasa, directed the acting Clerk, Mr. Olalekan Onafeko, to forward the approved request to the governor.  Source By Florence Onuegbu Lagos - Lagos State Governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Tuesday signed the 2020 Appropriation Bill of N1.168 trillion into law. L-R: Commissioner for Economic Planning and Budget, Mr Sam Egube; Lagos State Deputy Governor, Dr Obafemi Hamzat; Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu and the Speaker, Lagos House of Assembly,… In "News" Lagos - The controversial primary led to the emergence of Babajide Sanwo-Olu as the ruling party's standard bearer and eventually the governor of the state in the February 2019 general elections.   Months after the 2019 general elections, ex-governor Akinwumi Ambode of Lagos State and partymen believed to be loyal to… In "News" By Adekunle Williams Ikeja - The Lagos House of Assembly has passed a resolution to reduce the size of the state’s 2020 budget from N1.68 trillion to N920.5 billion due to the economic challenges posed by COVID-19 pandemic. The resolution was made following a voice votes conducted by the Speaker… In "News"