The founder of One Love Family, Satguru Maharaj ji, has urged Sheikh Ahmad Gumi, Governors Nasir El-Rufai, Bello Matawalle and Bala Mohammed of Kaduna, Zamfara and Bauchi states to stop their unholy alliance with the herders who are killing, raping and kidnapping people. In a statement on Thursday, Maharaj ji said he gives them 90 days repentance period, starting from March 18 (yesterday), for them to repent and give up on their unholy romance with the criminal-herdsmen, who are terrorising law-abiding citizens. The statement said: “We are making this call on Sheikh Gumi, Governors El-Rufai, Matawalle and Mohammed and their cohorts to take advantage of this grace period to explain to Nigerians the reason they are willing accomplices of merchants of death in their genocidal mission of destabilising the Black race due to hatred borne out of ethno-religious bigotry. “We want to know why they are engaged in intimate relationship with rogue herdsmen and killer bandits, who go about murdering our people in cold blood, raping our women, ravaging people’s farmlands-the only means of sustaining themselves and burning down people’s ancestral homes. They owe us a duty to explain what our offences are.” Maharaj Ji said: “Sheikh Gumi, with brazen impunity, assaulted our collective intelligence by equating the marauding killer-herdsmen with Niger Delta militants in the Southsouth, arguing that if the militants can be given amnesty why not the criminal-herdsmen? “Gumi is economical with the truth because the fact remains that the Niger Delta militants never shed the blood of innocent and defenceless Nigerians, but rather they tampered with oil installations as a medium of protest against criminal neglect of the geese that lay the golden eggs by the government. They had a good case because their environment was degraded in the course of exploiting the crude oil that was the main stay of our national economy, yet they were treated as captured slaves.” “El-Rufai, from his antecedents, appears to always call for the blood of innocent Nigerians whenever he feels challenged on his power-grabbing propensity, just for him to get at the top. “In the case of Matawalle, he let the cat out of the bag that Northern politicians are in fraternity with rogue herdsmen and kidnappers. “Governor Mohammed should tell us the reason behind his rising in defence of marauding killer-herdsmen and abductors and justifying the need for them to carry AK 47 rifles to be killing our people because government did not protect them and as such, they need assault rifles to protect and defend themselves.” The Nation Kaduna-based Islamic cleric, Sheik Ahmad Gumi, on Sunday said the amnesty he proposed for bandits in the North should be extended to the Fulani involved in kidnappings in the South. Gumi, who stated this in an interview with one of our correspondents, also said the bandits involved in kidnappings were… In "News" It must rank as one of the most unusual meetings anywhere in the world. But renowned Islamic scholar, Sheik Ahmad Abubakar Gumi, appeared unperturbed to make it happen. It was only his second of such meetings in as many weeks, and he appeared to be mastering the art of softening… In "News" The fight against terror in Nigeria has been a theatre of the absurd. What began as a tiny spark of itinerant fanatics taking a pledge against western education mutated into a full-fledged non-state army currently ranked as the third deadliest globally. Yet, banditry is another fast-growing franchise. State response has… In "Column - Thursday"