Founder of the Movement for The Actualization of a Sovereign State of Biafra (MASSOB) and Biafra Independent Movement (BIM), Chief Ralph Uwazuruike, has accused the leader of the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Nnamdi Kanu, of inciting ethnic cleansing in Igboland. He also accused the group of insulting and denigrating eminent Igbo leaders and South East governors in his bid to continue leading Igbo youths to their untimely deaths. At a press conference in Owerri, the Imo state capital, Uwazuruike accused Kanu, whom he said he recruited “into the Biafran Independence struggle”, of brainwashing Igbo youths into taking arms against the federal government. Describing Kanu as “a nobody”, Uwazuruike called on the South East Governors to retrieve Eastern Security Network (ESN) from IPOB. The MASSOB leader used the opportunity to congratulate Governor Nyesom Wike of Rivers State for rescuing the situation in Obigbo. “I am also congratulating Governor Hope Uzodinma of Imo state for his approach in handling the situation in Orlu. I am not part of the Nigerian system but when anybody does well, I will commend and if anybody does bad, I will also talk ill against the person,” he said. He called on other governors to emulate Wike and Uzodimma, saying “we cannot allow anarchy to prevail.” Uwazuruike called on the IPOB leader to return home to continue his agitation if he is not driven by selfish aggrandizement. He said, “Kanu couldn’t have encouraged the ESN operatives to take up arms against the federal government if he was living in Nigeria. Latest Nigeria News, Nigerian Newspapers, PoliticsIPOB, Kanu inciting genocide in Igboland – Uwazuruike…Wants S’East governors to retrieve ESN from IPOBMarch 1, 2021Cremate my corpse after death- MASSOB leader UwazuruikeChief Ralph Uwazuruike FacebookTwitterPinterestLinkedInWhatsAppEmail By Chris Njoku and Damian Duruiheoma, OwerriFounder of the Movement for The Actualization of a Sovereign State of Biafra (MASSOB) and Biafra Independent Movement (BIM), Chief Ralph Uwazuruike, has accused the leader of the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Nnamdi Kanu, of inciting ethnic cleansing in Igboland. He also accused the group of insulting and denigrating eminent Igbo leaders and South East governors in his bid to continue leading Igbo youths to their untimely deaths. At a press conference in Owerri, the Imo state capital, Uwazuruike accused Kanu, whom he said he recruited “into the Biafran Independence struggle”, of brainwashing Igbo youths into taking arms against the federal government. Describing Kanu as “a nobody”, Uwazuruike called on the South East Governors to retrieve Eastern Security Network (ESN) from IPOB. The MASSOB leader used the opportunity to congratulate Governor Nyesom Wike of Rivers State for rescuing the situation in Obigbo. “I am also congratulating Governor Hope Uzodinma of Imo state for his approach in handling the situation in Orlu. I am not part of the Nigerian system but when anybody does well, I will commend and if anybody does bad, I will also talk ill against the person,” he said. He called on other governors to emulate Wike and Uzodimma, saying “we cannot allow anarchy to prevail.” Uwazuruike called on the IPOB leader to return home to continue his agitation if he is not driven by selfish aggrandizement. Read Also: IPOB: linking us to killing of six children in Anambra ridiculousHe said, “Kanu couldn’t have encouraged the ESN operatives to take up arms against the federal government if he was living in Nigeria. ADVERTISEMENT“I started this struggle over 20 years ago. I recruited everybody who is part of this struggle today. We started before politicians came in. Politicians started sponsoring people among us and we started having divisions among us. After that, they started taking arms against the government and this is now a problem to Ndigbo and Nigeria. “Over 20 years ago when we started this Biafran Independence struggle, we premised the struggle on non-violence. Unfortunately, politicians came in and took away some of my members and started using them as thugs. “Today so many people are being killed not by herdsmen but ourselves. The other time, it was, Enugu and Obigbo, now it is Orlu. If you attract the military into Igboland and they kill Igbos, you are the cause of their death. The future is bleak for all of us because IPOB is inciting genocide here. “I’m worried because I started this exercise and recruited Nnamdi Kanu. So, the accusing fingers are on me. At no point will Ndigbo go to war with other ethnic groups or Nigeria again. That’s not what we want as a people. “Our young ones’ brains have been basterdised. Our leaders have been humiliated and insulted. No respect for the leadership of Ohanaeze Ndigbo, our governors and prominent citizens. You don’t denigrate your leaders. “Kanu, who is not in Nigeria, is recruiting and brainwashing our youths into fighting soldiers. Those doing this know that there is no way they can defeat Nigeria. They are doing this for personal aggrandizement,” Uwazuruike said. The Nation Biafra Internal Government (BIG) has refuted report alleging that the founder and leader of Movement for the Actualization of the Sovereign State of Biafra (MASSOB) otherwise called Biafra Independent Movement (BIM), Chief Ralph Uwazuruike had collapsed MASSOB structure to Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB). Chief Minister of the group, Anambra… In "News" Northern Group, Calling For Exit Of Igbos, Writes Osinbajo; Asks Him To Allow Biafra Republic In "Top Stories" Press Release June, 19th 2017 His Excellency, Professor Yemi Osinbajo, Acting President, Federal Republic of Nigeria, Aso Rock Presidential Villa Abuja OPEN LETTER Your Excellency, APPRECIATION On behalf of this coalition and all the peace-loving people of Northern Nigeria, we begin this letter by commending your efforts towards finding a… In "Top Stories"