Nyesom Wike, the Governor of Rivers State, has claimed that Rotimi Amaechi, his predecessor led the state through his help. Wike’s comment is in reaction to Rotimi Amaechi referring to him as a staff in response to allegations of misappropriating funds from the sale of state’s assets. During an interview on BBC pidgin on Friday, Wike said he was surprised that Amaechi whom he made governor would turn around to call him an employee. Wike explained that he supported Amaechi’s political ambitions then because he was not interested in being governor and that even after he became governor, Amaechi still sought his advice on how to run his government. “Amaechi and I were in the same party and in politics, everybody has his own ambition. He had his ambition to be governor and at the time, I didn’t. So, we fought and supported him to be governor. “Now he’s in APC and you don’t expect me as a PDP person to support what he does. “I was the one God used to make Amaechi governor. I will even give you a tape from what he said in the church; that after God, I’m next. But he went on national television to say that I was his staff, his employee. It wasn’t funny but I said no problem. “We all sat to make him the governor and I was the one who championed it. How do you call someone who made you governor an employee? “Even after he became governor, he sought my advice on how to run his government and offered me Commissioner of finance, but I rejected the offer because I wanted to be the chief of staff office. “That time I made him governor, I had the power to choose. “This same person said over his dead body that will I be governor, now I am looking for that dead body. “I have been governor for eight years now. In 2015 when I won, they said its because PDP was in power, but I also won again in 2019 when APC was in power,” he said. Source Rotimi Amaechi, the former Governor of Rivers State, has said he won’t join issues with his successor and current governor of the South-South state, Nyesom Wike, The PUNCH reports. Amaechi, who is the Minister of Transportation, stated this on Thursday while featuring on an Arise TV programme, monitored by The… In "Politics" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Transportation Minister, Rotimi Amaechi, is a former boss of current Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike, and the lawmaker representing Rivers Southeast Senatorial District, Senator Magnus Abe. But today, the three are at loggerheads. Who will have the upper hand this time? Amaechi, an Ikwerre from Ubima… In "Top Stories" AHOADA (SundiataPost) - Rivers State PDP governorship aspirant, Mr. Nyesom Wike has declared that PDP must win Rivers State in 2015, saying that Governor Rotimi Amaechi was merely deceiving APC to be given a slot as the opposition party's presidential running mate. Addressing PDP delegates and supporters at Ahoada East… In "News"