Petrol marketers have been ordered to maintain the current fuel price.  The Minister of State for Petroleum Resources, Timipre Sylva, said this as he stated that there will be no increment in the pump price of Premium Motor Spirit until the conclusion of consultation with Organised Labour. The News Agency of Nigeria reports that Sylva gave the assurance while addressing newsmen on Friday in Lagos. The minister said the clarification was necessitated by reports that the price of PMS, commonly known as petrol, had been increased to N212.61 per litre. He said, ”Irrespective of the source of that information, I want to assure you that it is completely untrue. “Neither Mr President who is the Minister of Petroleum Resources nor myself who deputise for him as minister of state has approved that petrol price should be increased by one naira. “I, therefore, urge you to disregard this misleading information.” According to him, for the past few months, the government has been in consultation with organised labour to find the least painful option to respond to the global rise of crude price which has inevitably led to increase in petrol prices. He said it was unthinkable that the government would unilaterally abandon these discussions and act in the manner suggested by the information under reference. Sylva maintained that cynicism and deceit have never been the trademark of the regime of the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.). “I will like to equally assure you that the engagement with the organised labour and other stakeholders will continue even as the calculations to arrive at a reasonable price regime are being done; all in good faith and you will be availed of the final outcome at the appropriate time. “Until then, all marketers are strongly advised to maintain the current pump price of PMS before the emergence of this unfortunate information. “Those who may want to take advantage of this unfortunate information to extort Nigerians should not give in to such temptations as there are regulatory mechanisms that government can enforce to protect its citizens. “In conclusion, I want to sincerely apologise to all Nigerians for any distress and inconvenience the unfortunate information might have caused,“ he said.  Source Against the backdrop of the N5 reduction in the price of Premium Motor Spirit (petrol) announced by the Federal Government, fuel marketers have said it is not possible to sell the product at N162 per litre amid the current market realities. The Minister of Labour and Employment, Dr Chris Ngige,… In "News" Nigerians on Friday described the fresh increase in the pump price of petrol as “next level hardship”. They took to the social media to criticise the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), and his All Progressives Congress party for bringing untold suffering on the masses through unpopular policies including steady… In "News" The Federal Government has declared it began consultations with relevant stakeholders on likely reduction of the pump price of petrol following global crash of fuel prices. The Minister of State, Petroleum Resources, Mr Timipre Sylva, disclosed this in Abuja on Friday. He spoke with State House Correspondents after the committee… In "News"