Nigerians have continued to react to the Federal Government’s vaccination programme against COVID-19.  Some Nigerians on social media have asked President Muhammadu Buhari, to vaccinate the citizens against killer Fulani herdsmen terrorising the country.  Nigeria rolled out its vaccination programme against the lethal coronavirus infection on Friday with about four million doses of AstraZeneca/Oxford COVID-19 vaccine. The PUNCH had reported that the President and Vice President Yemi Osinbajo were vaccinated against the virus on Saturday on Live TV to demonstrate the safety of the vaccine and dissipate vaccine hesitancy amongst Nigerians. Nigerians who wish to receive the vaccines are enjoined to register on the website of the National Primary Health Care Development Agency. However, some Nigerians have said there was the need to vaccinate the country against killer herdsmen. Of late, the Southern part of the country especially has been inundated with the activities of criminal nomadic Fulani herdsmen who have been accused of sundry crimes including invasion of the farmlands of host communities, rape, murder, kidnapping, amongst other dastardly acts. Dozens of victims have been recorded in the last few months while state government have mulled banning open grazing in the region, amongst other measures to curb the incessant crimes and clashes between farmers and herders. Many Nigerians had also complained effusively about the silence of the President, who is also of the Fulani ethnic stock. They had said the body language of the President and his failure to condemn the activities of the criminal Fulani herders in clear terms was emboldening the criminals to continue perpetuating their heinous acts. Reacting, a tweep, @Aitemej1, wrote, “When will Nigerians be vaccinated against the killer Fulani herdsmen? When will our women be vaccinated against rape by the killer Fulani herdsmen? When will our farmers be vaccinated against attacks by the killer Fulani herdsmen? When will Nigerians be vaccinated against bad government?!” Also, another Twitter user, @deYoungNoble, requested, “Tell Mr President to vaccinate us against bandits and Fulani herdsmen.” @holarsoonconmie also shared the same perspective, saying, “Vaccinate your people against criminal herdsmen first. Herd immunity is working for Nigerians against COVID-19.” On Facebook, Iyamu Moses, had a slightly different view. “Nigeria’s COVID is poverty and the vaccine should be money,” he wrote. “This COVID-19 vaccine is the list of our problems in this country. Hunger and insecurity are deadlier, and also kill faster than this virus of thing,” Lucky Anaya submitted. However, some Nigerians hailed the government for commencing the vaccination programme against COVID-19. A Twitter user, @ThywillmyLord, wrote, “Way to go, President Buhari and Vice President Osinbajo. Please ensure the vaccine go to the entire citizens of Nigeria, and on time.” “FG should be applauded for ensuring that it safeguards the health of Nigerians,” @paulaliyu00 wrote. One thing is constant in the human ecosystem – class struggle. According to Karl Marx: "The history of all hitherto existing societies is the history of class struggles.’’ There is perhaps, no other country where the fault lines of class are well accented like in Nigeria -- where the rich… In "Opinion" Boss Mustapha, the Chairman of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 has stated that soon, no one will be able to travel the world except they have the COVID-19 vaccination certificate. He, therefore, urged Nigerians to avail themselves to be vaccinated against the lethal virus. Mustapha, who is also the… In "News" The federal government on Wednesday suspended the proposed RUGA settlements after stiff opposition from many Nigerians. Here are some strong reservations many Nigerians expressed against the proposal: · The public viewed the policy as double-edged: After a public announcement the RUGA model was part of the National Livestock Transformation Plan… In "Top Stories"