Six persons were feared dead yesterday at Adani in Uzo-Uwani Local Council of Enugu State, following a clash between armed herdsmen and Eastern Security Network (ESN).  Trouble reportedly started when some herdsmen allegedly shot a member of Igga community in his farm and blocked sympathisers from taking the victim to the hospital. It was gathered that the refusal to allow the wounded farmer get treated triggered rumpus that attracted members of ESN to the scene, leading to a showdown. A source, however, said that it was amid the attempt to resuscitate the young man with bullet wound that some angry youths on motorcycles stormed the scene and started shooting at those barricading the farmer from receiving medical attention. The ensuing fracas, The Guardian gathered, led to many residents of Adani, an agricultural community, fleeing the area to neighbouring communities in Nsukka and Igboetiti local councils. Some residents of Adani, who spoke on condition of anonymity, claimed that hunters and even some local vigilante had encountered some unfamiliar faces suspected to be ESN personnel in the forests in the area, who told them that they were not after law-abiding residents. The Commissioner of Police, Mohammed Aliyu, and other top security operatives in the state visited Adani yesterday for fact-finding at the scene of the incident. The Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Daniel Ndukwe, who accompanied the CP on the mission, confirmed the incident and promised to make details available in due course. (The Guardian) ORLU - Many people are feared dead while several properties as well as the Orlu Stadium have been destroyed as members of the Indigenous Peoples of Biafra (IPOB) clashed with security men in Orlu, Imo State on Monday. It was gathered that the crisis started last week when IPOB members,… In "News" Residents of Orlu Local Government Area of Imo State on Monday fled their homes following a sporadic shooting by soldiers and suspected members of the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) and its outfit, the Eastern Security Network (ESN). At least 10 people were feared dead, according to sources. Reports… In "News" THE proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) on Tuesday justified the clash between its security outfit – the Eastern Security Network (ESN) – and the military. It also claimed that five residents of Okporo community in Orlu Local Government Area of Imo State were killed when ESN men clashed with… In "Features"