The federal government has blamed recent low corruption perception index rating of the country by the Transparency International (TI) on lack of a clear view of the nation’s business environment. Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, gave the explanation on Wednesday while speaking to State House Correspondents after the week’s virtual Federal Executive Council (FEC) meeting at the Presidential Villa in Abuja. He said the present administration had, consequently, initiated reforms to make it easier and more transparent to do business, especially in the port sector. Mohammed argued that the issue of TI low corruption perception of the country is not necessary about stealing of public funds. The minister also said that the group’s rating of Nigerian has not correctly reflected the government’s effort to curb corruption in the country. He noted inconsistencies in scoring by TI over the years due to inadequate data, saying that government is taking necessary measures to communicate relevant data on all sectors. Mohammed affirmed that by the time the reform put in place start to yield result, the country’s corruption perception will improve. The Nation By Ken Tadaferua ABUJA (Sundiata Post) "We must understand that these are the dying days of the Boko Haram and what they intend to do is to embarrass the government because they have been degraded, they have been pushed out of Sambisa forest. - Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaj… In "Social Media Feeds" By Rotimi Ijikanmi Abuja -   The Federal Government has admonished the global anti-corruption body, Transparency International (TI) and local civil society organisations affiliated to it, to stop frustrating its anti corruption fight. The Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed gave the admonition when he received a TI… In "News" The Presidency has blamed Nigerians for the country’s poor ranking on Transparency International’s 2020 Corruption Perception Index in which Nigeria scored 25 out of 100 and was named the second most corrupt nation in West Africa and ranked 149 out of 180 countries. The Senior Special Assistant to the President… In "Features"