The pump price of the Premium Motor Spirit (PMS), according to the Petroleum Products Pricing Regulatory Agency (PPPRA) in its March template, is N212.6 per litre.  This is an indication of a subsidy of N50.61 per litre since the only importer of the product- the Pipelines Products Marketing Company (PPMC) has not notified marketers on upward review of the pump price.  The PPPRA has said in a deregulated market, it is only the marketers that peg their product price. But the Federal Government has insisted through the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) that there will be no petrol price hike in March. According to the template, expected ex-depot price is N206.42 while the landing cost is N189.61 for the month of March, 2021. Meanwhile, The Nation learnt from the Independent Petroleum Marketers Association of Nigeria (IPMAN) on Friday morning that the government was yet to notify them on any price hike via their usual memo. Speaking with The Nation on phone, the IPMAN National Vice President Alhaji Abubakar Maigandi, said: “I was in a NEC meeting with the NNPC and state Governor’s yesterday (Thursday) they only complained of the soaring prices of crude oil. They have not asked us to increase pump price”. Source The Pipeline Products Marketing Company (PPMC) may crash the prices of Premium Motor Spirit (PMS) petrol this month, The Nation learnt at the weekend. Speaking with The Nation on phone, the Independent Petroleum Marketers Association of Nigeria (IPMAN) National Vice President, Alhaji Abubakar Maigandi, said the marketers are looking forward… In "News" By Edith Ike-Eboh Abuja - Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation says that the ex-depot price of Premium Motor Spirit (PMS) also known as petrol remains N133.28 per litre. Mr Ndu Ughamadu, the NNPC Group Spokesman, disclosed this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria(NAN), in Abuja on Tuesday. He… In "Business" Abuja - Stakeholders in the petroleum industry have identified inadequate supply, sharp practices by private depots owners and epileptic refineries as factors responsible for pump prices differentials in the country. They made this known in a survey conducted by the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on the ``Challenges of enforcing the new… In "Metro"