The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has cautioned any fresh increase in pump price of fuel by the Federal Government would amount to a direct invitation to mass protest across the country. In a statement on Friday by the spokesman for the PDP, Kola Ologbondiyan, the party said any contemplation for N212 pump price would be pushing Nigerians to the wall. This, the party said, could trigger reactions capable of worsening an already tensed situation and lead to economic and social crisis in the country. The statement said: “Our party holds that the N212 per liter reportedly contemplated in the March pricing template by the APC administration is wicked, insensitive, and callous. “It is a barefaced fact that there is no way that Nigerians can survive such hike in fuel price, which will worsen the already agonizing economic situation in the country. “Our party maintains that with an honest and transparent administration of our national production capacity and potentialities, domestic price of fuel should not exceed N70 per liter. “The continuous unjustified increase in the price of fuel is a deliberate scheme by the APC, through which their leaders fleece Nigerians of billions of naira on daily basis. “Nigerians have endured enough under the suppressive, corrupt, insensitive and incompetent APC administration and it is our concern that any further increase in fuel price may become the last straw that might break the camel’s back as already cautioned by our party last month. “Our party had cautioned that with over 100 million citizens living in abject poverty, with an alarming 23% unemployment rate and many more living below N500 a day, any increase in fuel price is capable of triggering a mass protest in the land. “This is particularly as the All Progressives Congress (APC) and its government have been unable to account for the over N15 trillion allegedly stolen by APC leaders”. The PDP charged the Federal Government to save the nation the trouble by ending every contemplation of fuel price increase, “particularly at this time Nigerians are expecting a downward review in prices”. The main opposition party called on Nigerians to remain calm but very alert in readiness, within the ambit of the laws and opportunities granted under democracy, to stand up and defend the national patrimony and collective wealth. The Petroleum Product Pricing Regulatory Agency (PPPRA) had on Friday, announced an increase in pump price from N168 to N212 per litre of petrol on its website. The agency however deleted the post on its website following an announcement by the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) that there were no plans for such increase. The Nation The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has lambasted President Muhammadu Buhari for hiking fuel price as Nigerians battle coronavirus pandemic that has killed many and caused serious hunger in the land. The party rejected the increase in price of petrol from N123 to N143.80 per liter, saying the Federal Government unsympathetic… In "Politics" The People’s Democratic Party (PDP) has rejected the increase in price of petrol from N123 to N143.80 per liter, saying the Federal Government unsympathetic with Nigerian masses. In a statement on Thursday by the spokesman for the PDP, Kola Ologbondiyan, the party described the increase as a punishment to Nigerians… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has informed that its presidential candidate, Atiku Abubkar would reduce the cost of premium motor spirit (PMS), popularly known as petrol to between N87-N90 per litre. PDP while disclosing this on Thursday in statement signed by the spokesman, Kola… In "News"