The Senate Minority Leader, Enyinnaya Abaribe, said he was taken to a shrine to swear an oath of loyalty 24 hours before inauguration as deputy governor in 1999.  Abaribe was deputy governor to Senator Orji Uzor Kalu from May 29, 1999 till March 2003 before he resigned and defected to the defunct All Nigerian People’s Party. Abaribe stated this in his new book, ‘Made in Aba’ which was launched in Abuja on Monday.  He explained that the former Aba North Local Government Area Chairman, one Chief Duru, and Kalu’s younger brother, Uzor, took him to “a so-called prophet” on School Road, Aba, in Abia State. He said, “On the matter of loyalty by ordeal, whereby people were made to swear allegiance on all sorts of objects, my experience was that some people around Kalu took it upon themselves to engage in invidious activities, purporting to be directed by him. “In my case, on the night before swearing into office, the then Aba North Local Government Chairman informed me that Kalu’s people were not comfortable with me as I had not sworn to anything. “Here I was, being lectured, nay, more like being intimidated with verses from the Bible, hinging the act on notion like ‘you people will be my people…’ and the like. Was that Bible not what I stood on to insist I was a Christian? “What big secret mission were we embarking on that required that much effort to ensure loyalty? Loyalty to what? Were we not to swear loyalty to the people rather than to the person of the Governor? Yes, I was that much of a greenhorn in politics!”   Abaribe further said, “At the end of the day, the participant not only got to fear the principal, but also these individuals who had privileges to convince such principal’s of the measures they had taken to secure their quarries in a zombie-like state. “Well, I was not about to subject myself to any authority beyond the law. I was not about to look to any unidentified office beyond that of the governor, whom I had given my word to assist in delivering good governance.” Orji Kalu keeps mum on Abaribe’s allegations Meanwhile, the Chief Whip of the Senate, Orji Uzor Kalu, had yet to speak on the allegations by the Senate Minority Leader, Enyinnaya Abaribe in his latest book, ‘Made in Aba’. The principal officer of the Senate said he was in a meeting with the Senate President, when our correspondent called him on Tuesday.  He said, “I will speak with you later. I’m in a meeting with the Senate President now.” He had, however yet to respond to further calls and he didn’t reply the text message sent to him, as of the time of filing this report.  Source •Senator Orji Uzor Kalu Dee Kalu, There is nothing Igbos hate as when they find out that one of their own is playing a saboteur. And once they brand you a sell-out, it is very difficult for them to forget or forgive you. When you are on the side of… In "Opinion" Senate President Ahmed Lawan has said the people of the Southeast should champion being at the centre of political action in Nigeria. “You should not shy away from being at the centre of politics in the country,” he said. The Senate President advised that the region only needs to discuss… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Former Secretary to the Government of the Federation and former Senate President, Anyim Pius Anyim has eulogised Senator Enyinnaya Abaribe on the ocassion of his 66th birthday. Senator Anyim who said he wishes to be like Senator Abaribe, highlighted that he first know… In "Top Stories"