A plastics market by Amobi Street, Onitsha in Anambra State, was in the wee hours of Friday gutted by fire. Though no casualty was recorded, the fire was extinguished with the help of fire fighters and sympathisers. Confirming the incident, the state Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), CSP Haruna Mohammed, said that investigation has commenced to ascertain circumstances surrounding the incident. His words: “On 5/3/2021 at about 1:50am, there was a fire outbreak at a plaza located at plastic market by Amobi street Onitsha in Anambra State. “Police operatives led by DPO CPS Onitsha SP Ifeanyi Iburu quickly mobilised to the scene and cordoned off the Area to prevent looting and further catastrophe. Fire Service was equally contacted and they responded promptly. “The fire was extinguished with the help of fire fighters and other sympathizers in the area. No loss of life and no injury have been reported “Meanwhile, the Commissioner of Police CP Monday Bala Kuryas has appealed to the public to always apply safety precautions especially by switching off all electrical appliances in their homes, shops and work places when not in use in order to avert similar ugly incidents which could also lead to loss of lives and injuries especially during this harmattan period.” News Express By Francis Onyeukwu Hoodlums gave the disasters recorded in Onitsha, Nnewi, Agulu and Nteje communities in Anambra, between Wednesday Oct.16 and Friday Oct.18, the colouration of sponsored attacks, because the incidences occurred in quick succession. The inferno caused by fuel tanker occurred  at Upper Iweka and Ochanja Market, Onitsha, on… In "News" By Frank Onyeukwu Onitsha - Traders at Ochanja Market, Onitsha, who recorded colossal damage due to Wednesday’s fire disaster arising from a tanker accident have blamed their calamity on poorly equipped Anambra State Fire Service.Some of the traders who spoke to News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Thursday in Onitsha… In "News" The Nation reports that an early morning fire on Wednesday razed the building material market in Ogidi, Idemili North Local Government Area of Anambra State. The inferno which started around 4am, reportedly emanated from a standby articulated vehicle parked inside the market. The Nation gathered men of the fire service,… In "News"