Export cargoes will not be allowed access into the Lagos ports for two weeks, the Managing Director of Nigeria Ports Authority (NPA), Hadiza Bala Usman has announced.  Speaking in an interview on Radio Now 95.3 FM, Hadiza said the new directive which became necessary to preventing parking on port access roads, is effective from Monday March 22. She said; “All export cargoes for two weeks will not be allowed access into the port. “We have a backlog of over 600 trucks that have approached the port coming out of their truck parks and are currently in that location within the port corridors, within the Lilypond. So we are suspending all export cargoes.” The NPA MD also disclosed that the suspension will enable consultations with export cargo stakeholders and the Nigerian Export Promotion Council (NEPC) on harmonising the procedures required for export. Hadiza further stated that some exporters contribute to traffic gridlock by approaching the ports without completing their documentation. She added; “This has been a challenge for us, the documentation, in terms of readiness of the terminal operators to receive them, some of the certifications they require from supervisory agencies based on the type of exports that they carry. “They also have several custom certifications and CBN documents that they need to complete. “Recognising that as a problem, we have invited the export promotion council to join us this week to meet with the large exporters to make them understand the procedures as it relates to documentation. “If any of your documents are not ready, yyou must remain within your location. Actually, you shouldn’t even start your journey to the ports.”  Source By Uchenna Eletuo   Lagos   -     The Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) on Thursday, said it would take the necessary steps to curb the untold hardship being faced by Ports users due to the burden of congestion. Hadiza Bala-Usman, NPA Managing Director, who gave the promise while speaking… In "News" By Uchenna Eletuo Lagos -   The Managing Director of Nigerian Ports Authority, Hajia Hadiza Bala-Usman, has called on terminal operators, shipping companies and allied stakeholders to eradicate the present congestion at the nation’s seaports. The authority in a statement on Saturday signed by Mr Adams Jatto, its General Manager… In "News" By Stanley Nwanosike Enugu - The Nigerian Port Authority (NPA) has appealed to importers and exporters to patronise ports in the Eastern flank of the county to decongest ports in Lagos. The NPA’s Managing Director, Mrs Hadiza Bala-Usman, made the appeal at the NPA Special Day at the ongoing 29th… In "Business"