In an interview with VanguardLiveTv, Doyin Okupe, a former aide to Former President, Goodluck Jonathan has revealed that he shed tears the day he found out that his son, Bolu is gay.  Okupe admits regretting letting Bolu move abroad at a young age, he lived part of his life in France a place he described as giving a chance to what his son has become. Recall when Bolu came out months ago as gay, his dad had said he was against it and says they will be helping him with prayers. His words to Vanguard: “We’ve always known that Bolu was like that. He’s even much more than that. He’s incredible with what he does and capable of doing. All his other siblings are one but Bolu had designed his mind to never live in Nigeria. Unfortunately for me, his mother took him abroad very early. He did major parts of his secondary school in the United Kingdom. So, Bolu thinks he lives European (he’s my son) but his mind is European. I also know that he’s easily influenced by his environment. I know that for a fact because he came home one time for holiday, and this is the person that’s been questioning the Bible but all of a sudden, he’s on fire in terms of scripture having spent some months in Nigeria. His elder brother who is a pastor now helped him spiritually during that time. I made the greatest mistake to send him to France because that’s an extremely liberal society. So, the family had known that Bolu had that tendency. The day I knew, I wept. (I) have gone past that. We’re just praying for him but I also know that, God’s ways are not our ways, and He knows the beginning from the end. Mark my words, he (Bolu) is on sojourn to the gay community in order to be an instrument of God to that community eventually. That’s what is going to happen by the grace of God.” he said. A former Presidential Spokesman, Dr. Doyin Okupe, says his son’s decision to openly declare himself a homosexual is a spiritual challenge. Okupe said this in a series of tweets while reacting to a viral photo showing his son, Bolu, wearing rainbow boxers with the caption, Yes, I am gay”. Okupe,… In "Features" Bolu Okupe, a video creator, YouTuber, LGBTQ activist and son of former presidential aide, Dr Doyin Okupe has come out of the closet as he boldly declares on his Instagram handle @boluokupe that he is gay. In the picture, he is seen holding the rainbow flag, bare chested and rainbow… In "News" Former Senior Special Assistant to ex-President Goodluck Jonathan, on Public Affairs, Dr. Doyin Okupe has revealed drugs used to treat him while he battled COVID-19. Okupe had announced on his Facebook page, that on the 23rd of April, he and his wife, Aduralere tested positive to COVID-19 and that on… In "Politics"