Rivers Governor Nyesom Wike has told the National Security Adviser (NSA) Maj-Gen. Babagana Monguno (Rtd) nobody misquoted his assertions on the missing arms and money Monguno has earlier retracted his claims there were no traces for billions of dollars released to the past service chiefs to procure weapons to boost the war against Boko Haram. But Wike said the statement was true and there was no need to deny it emphasising that the missing money was withdrawn from the Excess Crude Account. The Governor, in a statement by his Special Assistant on Media, Kelvin Ebiri, said it was shameful that a government that claimed to be fighting corruption would allow the money and the weapons go missing. The Governor spoke when he received the Board of Editors of Independent Newspapers Limited led by the company’s Managing Director and Editor- in -chief, Steve Omanufeme, at Government House, Port Harcourt, on Thursday. He said: “Now, the National Security Adviser says the $1bn Dollar they took from our Excess Crude Account without even paying us our 13 percent derivation is gone. They said they’ve not seen the weapons.  “But this one the National Security Adviser is saying that they misquoted him. I tell you, nobody is misquoting anything. We are aware that there was no weapon. “Even the Chief of Army Staff said he didn’t collect money. So where did the money go to. This is a government fighting corruption and the press is not talking.” The Nation Hours after the National Security Adviser (NSA), Babagana Monguno, alleged in an interview with the British Broadcasting Service (BBC) that the government was unable to trace and account for the $1bn taken from the excess crude account in 2018 to buy weapons during the tenure of the former service chiefs,… In "Opinion" The Office of the National Security Adviser to the President has said the National Security Adviser, Babagana Monguno, was misquoted on the interview with the Hausa Service of the BBC. Monguno was quoted to have said that monies meant for arms purchase were under the immediate past Service Chiefs. He… In "News" Money given to ex-chief of army staff, Tukur Buratai and other service chiefs by President Muhammadu Buhari for the purchase of arms is missing. The revelation was made by the National Security Adviser, NSA Babagana Monguno, according to a report by DailyNigerian. On January 26, President Muhammadu Buhari removed the… In "Features"