Founder of Afe Babalola University Ado-Ekiti (ABUAD), Aare Afe Babalola (SAN), has claimed the university has the manpower to bring about drugs and vaccines that would help in drastically curtailing the ravaging pandemic in the country. He called on the Federal Government to give necessary approval to the university to commence the production of COVID-19 drugs and vaccines. Babalola who spoke during ABUAD’s virtual eighth convocation ceremony for the 2019/2020 academic session in Ado-Ekiti, Ekiti State, yesterday, expressed displeasure with agencies and commissions of the Federal Government for frustrating the institution’s efforts at manufacturing the drugs since last year. He noted that these agencies had contributed to the poor outing of the nation’s health and the education sectors “When we asked for accelerated action, we were rebuffed and they queried us on why we were in a hurry and added that, after all it takes four years in America to get such an approval. Of course, that was not correct because other countries like America, England and India have worked on it and got answer within a year. “One of the problems affecting the country is the role and attitude of government agencies and the lack of cooperation with private entrepreneurs. Nigeria is a victim of the poor attitude of these agencies to the growth of health facilities and quality education.” He pleaded with the parents to impress it on the Federal Government to grant the approval for the manufacturing of the vaccines and the National University Commission to grant commensurate admission quotas based on ABUAD’S carrying capacity in the relevant programmes. (Daily Sun) According to a report by Sun News, there is tension at Afe Babalola University, following the death of an American, suspected to have died of Coronavirus (COVID-19). He died at the school’s teaching hospital. According to sources, the deceased was a United States citizen, who just came into the country… In "Education" Friday Olokor, Abuja   Proprietors of Private Polytechnics in Nigeria on Thursday disagreed with lecturers that tertiary institutions should remain closed to activities due to COVID-19 pandemic, saying that they were not sincere. Lecturers under the aegis of Academic Staff Union of Universities and Academic Staff Union of Polytechnics had… In "Education" Abuja (Sundiata Post) -Afe Babalola, founder of Afe Babalola University, Ado Ekiti, says the 1999 constitution is the reason Nigeria remains poor. The drafting of the 1999 constitution was supervised by the military under Abdulsalami Abubakar. Some of its contents are liftings from the draft 1995 constitution prepared during the regime… In "Top Stories"