About 200 clubbers and workers were Saturday night arrested at popular Cubana Night Club for alleged breach of COVID-19 protocols. Detectives attached to the Inspector General of Police (IGP) Monitoring Team at the wee hours of Saturday, busted the gathering following a tip-off on large gathering in the club house. Saturday’s raid was the third, since last year, that the state and Federal Governments announced temporary closure of relaxation spots in order to minimise the spread of the coronavirus disease. Although hotels, eateries, churches and some beaches have since resumed businesses following the ease of the lockdown, club houses have remained closed. To minimise losses, the government earlier permitted club houses with open bars and restaurants like Cubana to resume such services with strict observance of all COVID-19 protocols. Rather than stick to the open bar arrangement where guests can be served drinks and grills while listening to music including live bands, police sources claimed Cubana opened its night club and allowed guests in, where they were allegedly caught dancing with no regards to the social distancing policy. “About 200 clubbers and fun seekers were arrested on Saturday at Cubana Night Club, Lagos. They have been handed over to the Lagos Police Command for investigation and possible prosecution,” a source told The Nation. Contacted, police spokesman, Olumuyiwa Adejobi confirmed that suspects were handed over to the command by the IGP Monitoring unit, adding that they would be paraded by the Commissioner of Police (CP) Hakeem Odumosu. The Nation Operatives of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, have arrested a 30-year-old Oladimeji Olusegun Ogunfolaju, owner of Lakers Hotel and Lake County Entertainment in Lagos, and 79 others for alleged involvement in internet fraud. DAILY POST gathered that the hotel is allegedly a haven for Internet fraudsters and is… In "Metro" Kampala - Uganda’s Police on Sunday arrested over 100 partygoers for flouting COVID-19 lockdown restriction measures, authorities said on Monday. The police and military officers arrested the offenders at the La Venti Lounge and Kitchen, about 12 km northeast of the capital Kampala, Patrick Onyango, Kampala Metropolitan Police spokesperson, told… In "Foreign" Despite rising cases of confirmed coronavirus infections in Nigeria, some night clubs in Lagos are still defying government’s advisory and remained open to their customers. PREMIUM TIMES visited eight night clubs across the nation’s commercial capital on Saturday evening and observed that six of them were bustling with revellers, despite… In "News"