Mrs. Eunice Aghanya, wife of a former Commissioner of Police was Friday murdered in her residence in Makurdi, Benue state. Her husband, Mr.Aghanya, told The Nation on the phone that he left Makurdi a few days ago only to receive a phone call that something strange has happened in his Makurdi residence. “I got a call that my wife’s car was outside and the gate was opened so it was strange.” Aghanya, who served as Police commissioner in Benue and Kogi states before he retired, said he called his brother in Makurdi to go to the house and find out what had happened. “Initially, when I got the news I suspected my wife was kidnapped but later I was told that my wife was found in a pool of her blood with a deep cut in the neck. “The door was forced open as they killed her, locked her in the room and made away with the key.” He told The Nation that the killing of his wife has nothing to do with his service in Benue state as a police officer. Aghanya and his late wife lived all their lives in Benue state. The Late Eunice was a businesswoman, who through her Eunny Land Bakery employed many youths. The deceased was also a philanthropist, who impacted the less privileged and many who came across her. The Nation By Emmanuel Antswen   Makurdi   -    The Police Command in Benue is interrogating the Divisional Police Officer in- charge of Gboko A Division over the Wednesday killing of seven persons. The Commissioner of Police in Benue, Mr Fatai Owoseni, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Makurdi on Friday… In "News" ABEOKUTA - When 22-year-old Lagos State University (LASU) undergraduate Favour Daley-Oladele left her parents’ Mowe residence in Ogun State on December 8, there was nothing to suggest she was embarking on a journey of no return. A few hours later, the final year Theatre Arts student ended up at Ikoyi-Ile,… In "Metro" The man and his family It has been nine odd months since Tarveshima Jebe lost his entire family of a wife and three children in an auto crash, but he is still far from getting over the disaster. Tragedy had befallen the indigene of Tse Jebe in Mbagba, Mbahine, Ushongo… In "News"