Ekiti State Governor, Kayode Fayemi, has distanced himself from the statement credited to him which has awash the social media that there is no room for aspirants who are above 60 years of age to contest for president in 2023. Makinde Araoye, the Special Adviser on Federal Matters to Governor Fayemi, was reported to have made the statement while speaking at a recent event. But the Governor’s Chief Press Secretary, Yinka Oyebode, invalidated the statement in a statement titled, ‘ RE : NOROOM FOR PRESIDENTIAL ASPIRANTS ABOVE 60 YEARS : A DISCLAIMER’ said Araoye spoke the purported statement in his own capacity and not on behalf of Governor Fayemi. The statement read, “The attention of the Governor of Ekiti State and Chairman of the Nigeria Governors’ Forum (NGF), Dr. Kayode Fayemi has been drawn to a news report in the Blueprint Newspaper of March 26, 2021 edition, which is also being circulated across social media with the headline “No Room for Presidential Aspirant above 60 years- Fayemi” and other variants. “An aide of the Governor, Mr. Makinde Araoye, was reported to have made the statement during a National Youth Summit and Conference organised by the Nigerian Youth Congress (NYC) in Abuja on Thursday. Mr. Araoye spoke in his personal capacity at the event, hence the purported statement is at best his personal views and not representative of Governor Fayemi’s position. “As a matter of fact, the view is in conflict with Governor Fayemi’s well known position on political participation. He is one of the leaders of his party, the All Progressives Congress (APC), that is not fixated about zoning of presidential and other elective positions. “Dr. Fayemi is on record to have stated repeatedly and unequivocally that nobody should be discriminated against by virtue of age, where they come from, religious affiliation or cultural background. He believes the electorate, rather than any artificial impediment, should determine who gets their mandate as President, Governor or other elective positions. “Therefore, Mr. Araoye, who at the onset of his presentation at the event clarified that he was speaking in his personal capacity, couldn’t be speaking the mind of Governor Fayemi. “Accordingly, members of the public are hereby urged to disregard the statement which was inadvertently credited to Governor Fayemi. Dr. Fayemi, as a leader and public office holder, believes in fairness and equity. He is a firm believer in constitutionalism and constitutional provisions regarding elections and aspiration to public offices in the country. “Above all, Dr. Fayemi does not believe that age is necessarily a factor for performance in public office, and as a leader, he comports himself in a manner befitting the office he holds and does not engage in frivolous and divisive talk.” Sun News By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Group known as the Ekiti Rebirth Organisation (ERO) has attributed the show of shame that played out during the All Progressives Congress’ primary in the state to the desperation of the minister of Mines and Steel Development, Dr Kayode Fayemi.   The ERO… In "News" Ekiti State Governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi, has declined confirmation of his rumoured ambition to contest the presidential election on the platform of the All Progressive Congress (APC) in 2023. Fayemi’s posters had been spotted in the social media and Ado-Ekiti in recent times but he disassociated himself from them. The… In "Politics" With the 2023 presidential election about three years away, the campaign posters of the Ekiti State Governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi, seeking to contest for the plum position is already circulated on social media. The posters carrying his photograph and campaign on the platform of the All Progressive Congress was sponsored… In "Politics"