Former Minister of State for Works, Senator Dayo Adeyeye, has assured Nigeria will work again under the visionary leadership of National Leader of the All Progressives Congress(APC) Asiwaju Ahmed Tinubu.  Adeyeye spoke during the inauguration of Akwa Ibom Stakeholders for Asiwaju Tinubu ( AKISAT) 2023, a volunteer-oriented political support group over the weekend in Uyo, Akwa Ibom State capital. He said the current situation facing Nigeria does not need a green horn politician with no capacity and feasible blueprint to redeem the nation. Adeyeye revealed many political movements with members in the 36 states have begun massive support for the emergence of former Lagos Governor as presidential candidate for 2023 elections. He said: “Nigeria currently is facing a lot of challenges. I believe the challenges were are facing now have never been faced before since independence. “Today, there is problem of insecurity in the whole country, economy is not being as we expected and population is growing at a geometrical progression. “There is also issue of ethic tension arising from insecurity by herdsmen attack. “At this time Nigeria only needs Asiwaju Tinubu. In his time as Lagos state governor, staff salaries, developmental projects, philanthropic activities never stopped even when the then president refused to give allocation to the state. “Think about it, if he did that in Lagos and we never heard Lagos State going into recession at the time, what if he had the whole country struggling to manage her abundant resources? Let us ponder upon that.”  Source A group of former senators, House of Representatives members and other politicians across the Southwest geo-political zone has urged the National Leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, to contest as president in the 2023 election. They spoke on Tuesday at the unveiling of the group’s logo… In "News" The Caretaker Chairman of the All Progressives Congress in Lagos State, Mr Tunde Balogun, has disclosed that the founding fathers of the party had an agreement in 2014 that the South-West geopolitical zone will produce the party’s presidential candidate for the 2023 election. He said it would be “dishonourable” for… In "Politics" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Former presidential candidate and national chairman of the National Action Council (NAC), Dr. Olapade Agoro on Wednesday said Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, national leader of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) is qualified to succeed President Muhammadu Buhari in 2023. Speaking in a chat with Daily Independent,… In "Top Stories"