Secretary to Anambra State Government (SSG) Prof. Solo Chukwulobelu has described ex-Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) Governor Prof. Chukwuma Soludo as the most qualified candidate for the governorship seat.  He said the former CBN boss had proved his ability in fields of human endeavours. Speaking at the weekend at an awareness meeting of supporters of the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA) at Ogidi in Idemili North Local Government, Chukwulobelu urged members of the party to support his governorship aspiration to sustain Governor Willie Obiano’s agenda. “Soludo as the chairman of Vision 2050 developmental agenda of the state is charting a new cause for economic and social growth of Anambra State in the next 30 years,” he said. Soludo praised the organisers, via phone conversation, for their decision to hold the meeting targeted at charting a way forward for the party. He solicited their support ahead of the election. Soludo described Idemili North Local Government as critical in elections in the state in view of its highest number of registered voters, saying the council should not be neglected. He urged the people to translate their large number to votes in the poll for APGA to ensure the party’s success. “Governor Obiano has done well with legacy projects to his credit. We have to support and follow the solid foundation laid by Obiano. Together we will get there, work together and build on a solid foundation,” Soludo said.   Source A chieftain of the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA), Chief Jude Emecheta, has said Prof. Chukwuma Soludo is the most qualified candidate to succeed Governor Willie Obiano after the November 6 governorship election in Anambra State. Emecheta, who is chairman of Anambra Demands Soludo (ADS), a political group, made the… In "Politics" Member representing Orumba North and South constituency at the federal House of Representatives, Dr. Okwudili Ezenwankwo said he would sustain the legacies of Anambra state Governor, Willie Obiano if voted into power in the November 6 governorship election. Ezenwankwo stated this in Nanka, Orumba North Local Government Area while declaring… In "Politics" As the 2021 governorship election in Anambra State inch closer, political parties are beginning to consult and dig deep to bring out the best in their pack. While Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has given the latitude to all zones to showcase their big masquerade, the reigning All Progressive Grand Alliance… In "Politics"