The Joint Admissions and Matriculations Board (JAMB) says it has concluded all arrangements to commence the sale of 2021/2022 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME) and Direct Entry (DE) registration forms. The board disclosed this in its Vol. 2, No. 15 Weekly Bulletin of the Office of the Registrar and made it available to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Monday in Abuja. The board said that official dates for the commencement of the sale of both documents and the conduct of the examinations would be announced not later than March 24. According to JAMB, the 2021 exercise was delayed due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The board, therefore, warned that any ongoing sale of forms and registration was fraudulent and not associated with JAMB. “This year’s exercise, unlike the previous years, is peculiar because of the series of disruptions to virtually all aspects of public life occasioned by the COVID-19 pandemic. “It is with this extant reality in mind that the delay is being experienced, with the board embarking on series of strategic adjustments, aimed at ensuring that academic activities are not unduly impacted. “The public is to note that the 2021 UTME/DE application forms are not yet on sale. Anybody advertising anything to the contrary is a fraudster,” it warned. The board, while reiterating its commitment to ensuring sanity in the entire process, also disclosed that it had apprehended one Mr Okogu Ambrose for illegally registering candidates. Ambrose, the board further explained, was caught after collecting monies from innocent candidates in the name of registering them for the yet-to-commence 2021/2022 UTME exercise. “Ambrose is a serial offender, who was arrested in 2020 for extorting money for which he had no authorisation to execute. “The board would, however, ensure that relevant security agencies prosecute Ambrose with the hope that he does not escape the long arm of the law this time,” it stated. JAMB also appealed to all and sundry to support its drive towards ensuring that bad eggs in the society, who were bent on destroying education developmental aspirations, were made to face the full wrath of the law. The Nation According to a report by The PUNCH, the Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board says its portal has been reopened for the 2020/2021 admissions. The board said opening the portal gives institutions access to upload names of shortlisted applicants for the 2020/2021 admissions. The spokesperson for JAMB, Fabian Benjamin, confirmed this… In "Education" Lagos - The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB) says arrangement has been concluded for the sale of its 2016 application documents. This is contained in a statement by the board's Head of Information, Dr Fabian Benjamin and made available to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Monday in… In "News" By Chinyere Nwachukwu Lagos -  The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB) has called on prospective candidates to disregard advertisements in the social media announcing sales of registration documents with some illegal centres and subject combinations. The board’s Head, Media and Information, Dr Fabian Benjamin, gave the warning in an… In "News"