Mr Ahmed Audi, the Commandant General of the Nigerian Security and Civil Defence Corps, has stated that bandits terrorising the country are bankrolled by international sponsors while calling for a collaboration of armed forces to tackle insecurity.  He said this at a training workshop for state commandants of the NSCDC which held in Abuja on Wednesday Audu said what is required to tackle the security situation is a collaboration among security agencies in the country. “Following how events are unfolding in the country, we are experiencing a serious conflict that I think in the history of Nigeria, this is about the first conflict that will give us a serious problem and the conflict is called asymmetric war. “We have had in the past some semblance of this type of war but the proper manifestation of it is the one we are seeing now and asymmetric war is a war that requires all hands to be on deck if we really want to deal with it and nip it in the bud. “These guys are serious; these guys have international sponsors, so we need to come together,” the NSCDC boss said. Audi advised security agencies against what he called service supremacy and rivalry which he says will be a challenge to the collaboration needed to win the war against bandits. He added, “Civil defence will do our best to make sure that these security incidences are curbed and totally eliminated.”  Source ..... Amnesty Int’l Not One Of “The Human Rights Contractors Association Of Nigeria” By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Int’l Society for Civil Liberties & Rule of Law on Monday said that the Government of Nigeria, its military and intelligence services should have seen and treated Amnesty Int’l and… In "News" The President, Alumni Association of National Defence College (AANDEC), Maj.-Gen. Garba Audu (Rtd) and his Vice, Air Cmdr Darlington Abdulahi (rtd) briefing newsmen on the forthcoming AANDEC National Security Seminar, in Abuja on 24/2/2020 By Sumaila Ogbaje Abuja - The Alumni Association of the National Defence College (AANDEC) has expressed… In "News" By Mohammad Tijjani Jaji (Kaduna State) - The Armed Forces Command and Staff College, on Monday said it would continue to provide relevant training to ensure intergrated approach to Nigeria’s security. The Commandant of the College, AVM Lawal Alao said during the opening of Exercise Haske Biyu 2019, for students… In "News"