Adeshina Ogundeyi, a Miami-based boxing promoter and former Lagos State boxer, wants more boxing gyms set up at youth centres across Lagos state, NationSports reports.  Ogundeyi, CEO of AB Global Management, said in Lagos yesterday that his passion for boxing was what prompted him to set up a mini boxing gym to discover raw talents at the Saanu Youth Center, Alagomeji, Yaba, adding that it would serve as part of his quota in taking boxing to the next level. “I started this grassroot boxing programme because there are good boxers that are skilful and very tactical but have no avenues for them to grow,” Ogundeyi stated. “I would like to appeal to the Lagos State Government to set up more boxing gyms at the over 30 youth centres across the state as getting a gym started is too costly.”  “I believe that this would go a long way in curbing crime among the youths, instil discipline, healthy living and give them a sense of self-respect,” he added. While thanking the government of Lagos for its efforts towards sports development, the Eko 2013 National Sports Festival quarterfinalist urged the state to encourage boxing more. “While the state government is trying and I applaud them for their efforts towards sports but they don’t look deep into boxing.” “We could have produced a lot of world beaters if we had channelled just a fraction of what is spent on other sports like football into boxing.”  Source Lagos  -  Olaide Fijabi, the current West African Light Welterweight Champion after the just-concluded GOtv Boxing Night has called for more boxing championships to improve the sport in the country. Fijabi spoke to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) during a reception in his honour by the Chairman of Lagos… In "Sports" LAGOS - A former President of the Nigeria Boxing Federation (NBF), Rotimi George-Taylor, on Saturday urged that boxing administrators and enthusiasts should pay more attention to the development of the sport. George -Taylor made the appeal in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos. He commended… In "Sports" Lagos  -  As the world mourn the late boxing legend, Muhammad Ali, Nigeria boxing buffs on Saturday paid tributes to one of the greatest sportsmen, who died late on Friday. Ali, who had long suffered from Parkinson's syndrome, died a day after he was admitted to a Phoenix-area hospital in… In "News"