Pastor Adewale Giwa, the Senior Pastor of Awaiting The Second Coming Of Christ Ministry, has stated that the President Buhari and Vice-President Osinbajo took malaria shots instead of the COVID-19 vaccine.  Giwa said the COVID-19 vaccines they took were meant to cure malaria. Addressing his members on Sunday, Pastor Giwa urged Nigerians to be watchful. In a statement he forwarded to DAILY POST, the cleric recalled that he had earlier warned the world in April, 2020, that those who brought coronavirus pandemic were just buying time to prepare for vaccines aimed at shortening the lives of the people. Buhari and Osinbajo had received jabs of the COVID-19 vaccines on live television on Saturday. President The President was vaccinated by the Chief Personal Physician to the President, Suhayb Sanusi, while Osinbajo was vaccinated by his personal physician, Nicholas Audifferen. However, Giwa described the exercise as fake, saying the president and his vice only took malaria injections. He said, “Hear me again God’s people, the vaccines they took were meant for malaria. Do not let anyone deceive you to go take a vaccine that will shorten your life. “It’s not important to agree with me, but be watchful and careful. Many of you were here in April when I told the world that a vaccine was coming. “It has finally come, and they are doing everything possible to convince you to be vaccinated. None of my members was diagnosed with COVID-19, so, why must you convince me to take the injection? “They have also hinted that very soon, nobody will be able to travel without the Covid-19 vaccination certificate. “Why do you want to force me to get what I don’t want to? Do not forget that they had wanted to implement this through Infectious Diseases Bill but God said no. “Now, the devil is using them again to deceive the people. Were you there when they made the vaccines? “If coronavirus could not kill all of us in March till date, why introduce a vaccine that will shorten our lives? Let those who need it take it. As for me, the only name on my lips is Jesus Christ. “At the cross over service on December 24, I told you to expect great tribulation anytime soon and only those who endure who will be saved. “You can’t kill me before God’s appointed time and I refuse to be cajoled, deceived or manipulated. Their plans will fail unless it’s God’s will.”  Source Osagie Ehanire, the Minister of Health has disclosed that the AstraZeneca COVID-19 vaccine has a mild side effect. Ehanire explained that those vaccinated may experience “small pain” in the area it was injected. He disclosed this after the vaccination of President Muhammadu Buhari and his Vice, Yemi Osinbajo at the… In "News" President Muhammadu Buhari has urged Nigerians to take the COVID-19 vaccine while stating that it is safe. Buhari gave the assurance after he was vaccinated alongside the Vice President, Yemi Osinbajo at the State House in Abuja, on Saturday. They received the first doses of the AstraZeneca COVID-19 vaccine on… In "Health" Boss Mustapha, the Chairman of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 has stated that soon, no one will be able to travel the world except they have the COVID-19 vaccination certificate. He, therefore, urged Nigerians to avail themselves to be vaccinated against the lethal virus. Mustapha, who is also the… In "News"