Fast-growing Nigerian airline, AZMAN Air has been suspended by the Nigeria Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA).  NCAA Director-General, Captain MUSA Nuhu, who disclosed this to newsmen said the suspension came on the heels of the recent incident involving an Azman aircraft that had a burst tyre on landing at the Lagos airport on February 16, 2021, as well as other incidents involving the airline’s aircraft. Nuhu said the NCAA acted in pursuant to Section 35 (2) of the Civil Aviation Act, 2006 and Part 1.3.3.3 (A) of the Nigeria Civil Aviation Regulations (Nig.CARs) 2015. He explained that the suspension is to enable the authority conduct an audit of the airline to determine the root cause of the incidents and recommend corrective actions to forestall recurrence. “We regrets the inconvenience this action may cause to the public, particularly to Azman air passengers but the need to ensure the safety of Air Transport and protect the public interest, cannot be compromised. We will continue to ensure compliance to its regulations in the interest of safety and will viewed any violations seriously.” Nuhu said.  Source By Adekunle Williams and Solomon Asowata   Lagos    -     The Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA) has began investigation into the incident involving an Azman Air Lagos-Port Harcourt flight which occurred on Thursday. The General Manager, NCAA, Mr Sam Adurogboye, confirmed the development to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in… In "News" The Managing Director, Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN), Captain Rabiu Hamisu Yadudu on Saturday in Kano revealed the identity of the stowaway that climbed the Azman Airline at Murtala Mohammed International Airport as Nigerien-born Usman Adamu. See Confusion As Man Runs Out of Bush, Climbs Azman Air Aircraft Inside… In "Top Stories" By Adekunle Williams and Solomon Asowata Lagos - Domestic airlines operating in Nigeria recorded 36,350 cases of delayed flights between January and December 2018, according to figures released by the Consumer Protection Department of Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA). A document issued by the department and obtained by the News… In "News"