President Muhammadu Buhari has been urged to fulfil his promise and rescue kidnapped Christian schoolgirl, Leah Sharibu still in Boko Haram captivity for almost four years now.  The parents of the teenage girl – Nathan and Rebecca Sharibu, decried the abandonment of their daughter, Leah, with her abductors by the Federal Government, saying her continued captivity is a sad situation. Although the teenager is said to be nursing her second child in captivity, her parents said Nigeria had failed Leah and pleaded with President Muhammadu Buhari to accept the American offer of assistance to secure the release of their daughter. The parents in a statement by their spokesperson, Dr Gloria Puldu, demanded that President Buhari brings back their daughter with or without children because Leah remains their child and they will take her back no matter the situation or the condition she comes out with. The statement reads in part: “Morning of March 23 was another very difficult day as we woke up to the very sad and heartbreaking rumours that Leah Sharibu, who is still in captivity for three years, has given birth to a second baby in captivity. “It is a very big shame on General Buhari and his entire government. He has abandoned this young child in captivity. ”Two weeks ago, Nathan and Rebecca called on him to use the current negotiators his government is using, who have successfully negotiated and secured the release of most if not all 300 Muslim Kankara boys from Katsina in December 2020 just six days after their abduction. “In February 2021 they also negotiated and secured the release of about 27 schoolboys from Kagara in Niger State and 317 schoolgirls from Jangebe in Zamfara who all regained their freedom within few days of their abduction. “Nigeria has woefully failed Leah Sharibu, what a very big shame. Nations all across the world value their citizens and will go to any length to rescue their adult citizens let alone their children, yet the Buhari administration has abandoned Leah Sharibu the lone Christian girl for over three years in captivity. “This same administration has abandoned the remaining 112 Chibok girls for almost seven years. Nigerians recently saw how the American government came to rescue one of its citizens who was abducted in Niger Republic but transported into Nigeria (another sovereign state). “Yet Leah, a minor, has been abandoned and forgotten by her government. We know that the American government has recently offered to assist Nigeria in its fight against insecurity if the Nigerian government requests its assistance. “Leah’s parents are calling on General Buhari to please accept the American offer of assistance to secure the release of their daughter, especially if his current successful negotiators are not able to secure her release as they did with the recent school abductions.”  Source Fredrick Nwabufo In the evening of February 19, 2018, 110 schoolgirls of Government Girls’ Science Secondary School, Dapchi in Yunusari local government of area of Yobe state were abducted by Boko Haram and taken into grisly captivity. Five of the girls died in the hands of their captors. But after… In "Opinion" Rebecca Sharibu, mother of Leah Sharibu, on Thursday met with Justin Welby, archbishop of Canterbury, over the plight of her daughter who has spent two years in captivity. A faction of Boko Haram sect kidnapped her daughter alongside 109 other female students on February 19, 2018. While 104 of the… In "News" By Ismaila chafe  Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari says his promise to ensure the release of Leah Sharibu and the remaining Chibok girls in captivity of Boko Haram remains valid and will be fulfilled. The President renewed the pledge in a message by his Senior Special Assistant on Media and… In "Top Stories"