Popular comedian and actor, Kevin Hart gifted his daughter, Heaven a Mercedes SUV as she clocked 16.  The 41-year-old comedian and movie star shares his firstborn daughter with his first wife Torrei Hart whom he divorced in 2011. Heaven’s luxurious birthday celebrations were documented on Insta Stories by bDASHd Event Planning And Bakery which threw the bash. In a heartwarming string of videos, Heaven could be seen wearing a mask as she was led outside her well-appointed home to see her gift. A gleaming black Mercedes SUV could be seen parked in the driveway amid what appeared to be the vehicles of the other guests. The automobile was all decked out for the occasion with red bows stuck onto it in order to give it a festive air. Heaven could be seen opening the door and climbing into her new car for the first time after celebrating her 16th birthday with her loved ones. Then she was brought out to what appeared to be the front of the home in order to be presented with her luxurious Mercedes. Kevin and Torrei were married in 2003 and welcomed two children – Heaven, 16, and Hendrix, 13 – before calling it quits on the marriage. He is now married to his second wife Eniko with whom he shares his younger two of four children – Kenzo, three, and Kaori, five months. A post shared by BCR Entertainment Worldwide (@bcrworldwide) A model has sued world famous comedian, Kevin Hart over a 2017 s*x tape which she claimed he filmed.  Kevin Hart is being sued for a hefty $60 million (£48 million) by the woman he allegedly appeared in a s*x tape with. Montia Sabagg has filed a lawsuit against the… In "Entertainment" The senior pastor of Champions Royal Assembly, Kubwa, Abuja, Joshua Iginla, may have laid it all on the altar during a church sermon on Sunday. The popular preacher apparently confessed to cheating on his wife, Yemisi, in front of his congregation. It is unclear if his now estranged wife was… In "Metro" By Pulse The Real Husbands of Hollywood star, Kevin Hart has donated a whooping $250,000 to the Philadelphia Public School System to assist in the purchase of 500 computers. The comedian decides to step up in a major way to help his home town solve a few problems with education… In "Entertainment"