The government of Nigeria has released dates for international flight to resume at the Kano, Port Harcourt and Enugu airports.  Kano will be reopened on 5th April while Port Harcourt and Enugu airports will be reopened 15th April and 3rd May respectively. The Minister of Aviation, Hadi Sirika, announced this on Monday during the weekly briefing of the PTF in Abuja. He said: “There have been agitations for us to open Port Harcourt, Enugu and Kano and of course, it takes a tremendous amount of work, appropriation in the management of this virus to be able to open ore departure up other areas of entry. “We will do only at a time what will be good for the management of this virus, it is very painful especially for us in civil aviation to have our airports closed and our direct source of income affected as we are finding it extremely difficult to pay salaries. “So, we shut down the airport with great care and when we shut down the airports, we had to keep them running otherwise the facilities in there will get dilapidated for lack of usage. “So, it is in our interest to keep them open but unfortunately, we couldn’t because of our collective health and goods of the country and those that do business with Nigeria. “Now that we have most of the things in place due to the work by the PTF, we will be opening Enugu airport on the 3rd of May 2012. “We will be opening Kano on the 5th of April, 2021 and Port Harcourt on the 15th of April, 2021 for international flights.” Mr Sirika assured that all the things that needed to be put in place to ensure smooth and safe operations will be in place before the set dates.  Source The federal government has barred international flights coming into Murtala Muhammed International Airport, Lagos, and Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja. Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA) disclosed this in a statement signed by Musa Nuhu, NCAA director general, on Saturday. “Further to our earlier letter on restriction of international flights into… In "News" Nigeria's minister of aviation, Hadi Sirika has said the federal government will not hurry to resume international flights as whatever decisions to be made would be in the interest of the general public. He added that Nigeria will not allow some countries to operate international flights to Nigeria. Addressing journalists… In "News" The two remaining international airports in Lagos and Abuja will eventually be closed to flight operations as part of preventive measures against the coronavirus pandemic, the Federal Government has declared. The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 on Friday announced shut down of the Mallam Aminu Kano International Airport, Kano; Akanu… In "News"