The sacked and factional chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party in Ebonyi State, Chief Onyekachi Nwebonyi, and other executive members of his faction from ward to the state levels, as well as the party members, have resigned their membership of the party and declared for the All Progressives Congress.  Announcing their resignation and subsequent defection to the APC on Saturday at Pa Ngele Oruta Township Stadium, Abakaliki, Nwebonyi said the decision was as a result of the “undemocratic practices” in the PDP. Recall that Nwebonyi, and other executives of the PDP in Ebonyi State were sacked by the national leadership of the Party following the defection of Governor David Umahi to the APC, November last year. The PDP leadership also appointed a caretaker committee led by Elder Fred Udeogu to pilot the affairs of the party in Ebonyi State, in the interim. But Nwebonyi and some PDP executives in the state rejected their dissolution and consequently, dragged the party to court. The development led to multiple court cases that have been lingering for months. However, the leadership crisis may have come to an end following the resignation of Nwebonyi and his faction from the PDP, on Saturday. In a communiqué signed by all members of the PDP State Executive committee; all Chairmen of 13 LGA Chapters and all the Chairmen of 171 ward chapters, which was obtained by our Correspondent, the faction expressed dissatisfaction regarding its South-East zonal leadership as well as the position of the national leadership on the issue of zoning of the 2023 presidential ticket. The communique read, “It is worthy of note that the national and Zonal leadership of the party had intentionally excluded Ebonyi State Chapter from the Zonal Executive Committee that organized the recent zonal congress of the party. “This is in total disregard to the ruling of the Federal High Court sitting in Abakaliki which recognized the elected executives of the party in Ebonyi State. The national leadership of the party also blatantly rebuffed all efforts made by the leadership of the state chapter of the party for due process to be followed. “We want to use this opportunity to express our dissatisfaction and rejection of the recently held Southeast Zonal Congress of the party and the stand of the party on zoning in respect of the 2023 presidential ticket. “In the light of the foregoing, we wish to express our total rejection of the anti-democratic practices in the party and therefore resign our positions as well as our membership of the party. “We have made genuine efforts to get things done the right way but some leaders of the party are bent on using antics and gimmicks to achieve their inordinate ambitions. We, therefore, have no other option than to part ways with a party that is already stuck on the shenanigans of a few overlords. “However, we do appreciate the wonderful relationships we have had over the years but do advise the party to change its ways and embrace more democratic tenets in the conduct of party affairs. We urge South East members of PDP not to allow the zone to be deceived and disgraced.” Receiving Nwebonyi and other defectors, the Caretaker Chairman of the APC in Ebonyi State, Mr Stanley Okoro-Emegha, thanked them for making a wise decision, and urged them to go to their various wards and register with the party.  Source There was pandemonium in Abakaliki, capital of Ebonyi state on Monday as police and a faction of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) clashed at the party secretariat. This followed attempts by the Fred Udogu led faction to take over the Secretariat. The Secretariat has been under lock and key for… In "Politics" Controversy has greeted the alleged defection of Governor of Ebonyi State, Engr. David Umahi, from the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) to the All Progressives Congress (APC), ahead of the 2023 general election.   The member representing Ezza South/Ikwo Federal Constituency in the House of Representatives, Hon. Chinedu Ogah, had on… In "Top Stories" •Ebonyi State governor, David Umahi The Association of Ebonyi State Indigenes in the Diaspora (AESID) has asked the Ebonyi State House of Assembly to embark on the impeachment of governor David Umahi. This is coming days after the governor defected from the Peoples Democratic Party to the All Progressives Congress… In "Politics"