The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has stated it has not taken any decision on zoning ahead of the 2023 general elections. It said it was yet to consider recommendations of a committee chaired by Bauchi Governor Bala Mohammed on zoning. The committee had urged the PDP to base its consideration for the ticket on merit rather than zoning it to any geopolitical zone. The recommendation sparked controversy among party chieftains and stakeholders, particularly from the southern parts of the country who have been clamouring for the ticket to be zoned to the south. But in a statement on Tuesday by the spokesman for the PDP, Kola Ologbondiyan, the party said it has not taken any decision on any of the recommendations contained in the report The statement said: “The PDP notes that the recommendations will be subjected to its democratic process by relevant organs of the party and consultation across all national interests. “While our party appreciates the enthusiasm by Nigerians on our nomination processes, the PDP assures that its decision on zoning will be the product of wide consultation, discussions and consensus building, taking into consideration the aggregate aspiration and hope of the generality of the Nigerian people. “Our party has however noted the disposition and line of discussion from various political interests across the six geo-political zones of our country in this regard, and at the appropriate time, the collective understanding of Nigerians will prevail”. The Nation By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Peoples Democratic Party has clarified that it’s yet to adopt any of the recommendations proposed by the Senator Bala Mohammed‘s Committee report ahead of 2023 presidential election. Disclosing this via his official twitter handle, the National Publicity Secretary of the party, Kola… In "Top Stories" The leadership of Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council (OYC) Worldwide has thrown its weight on the decision of the Governor of Ebonyi State, Dave Umahi to dump the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) for the All Progressives Congress (APC) The Igbo Youth group in a statement by the President General and Secretary… In "News" The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), South East zone, yesterday, rejected the rumoured zoning of the presidential ticket to the North in 2023. National Vice Chairman, South East, Chief Austine Umahi, in a statement in Abakaliki, Ebonyi State, said the decision on zoning of the presidential ticket has not been discussed… In "Politics"