The federal government has warned that negotiations with bandits and terrorists is fueling attacks on schools.  This was the position of Vice-Chancellor, Nigerian Army University, Biu, Borno State, Prof. Mohammed Kyari.  According to him, attacks on schools will continue as long as insurgency in the North East is not defeated. Kyari stated this in his convocation lecture titled, ‘Dialogue with the deaf: Education and insurgency’, marking the fifth-13th convocation of the Adamawa State University, Mubi. He also blamed the Federal Government for indirectly fuelling insurgency with ransom payment for the release of abducted school children. The VC explained that although the government claimed that as a policy, it would not negotiate with terrorists, it had been involved in dialogue with terrorists, as evidenced by the release of abducted school children from Dapchi to Kankara. He said, “The government of Nigeria has been dialoguing with Boko Haram. No matter what claims the country is making, it cannot deny not talking to the insurgents through back channels. This is what has led to the release of some of the Chibok and Dapchi, girls. “One of the reasons why Boko Haram and bandits have continued to attack schools is because of payment of ransoms. A lot of money has been exchanging hands, with Boko Haram, terrorists at the receiving end. “Unfortunately, anytime there’s abduction, something happens, even though the government says it has a policy not to negotiate with terrorists.”  Source Last week, news broke that Leah Sharibu, the abducted Dapchi girl who was kidnapped in February 2018 but was not released a month later with her colleagues because she refused to renounce Christianity and become a Muslim, had given birth to a baby for a Boko Haram commander. Another leg… In "Opinion" In a new video released by Boko Haram, one of the abducted students has opened up how the bandits attacked their school, killed and abducted some of them. Recall that the incident happened last week Friday at the Government Science Secondary School, Kankara, Katsina State. One of the students speaking… In "News" By Sumaila Ogbaje   Maiduguri  - The West African Examination Council (WAEC) has successfully conducted the 2020 Senior School Certificate Examination (WASSCE) in senior secondary schools in Chibok in Borno six years after closure due to insurgency. Brig.-Gen. Abdul-Khalifa Ibrahim, Acting General Officer Commanding (GOC), 7 Division, Nigerian Army, disclosed… In "Education"