Thomas Tuchel admits that Christian Pulisic and Tammy Abraham can consider themselves unfairly treated at Chelsea as they struggle for game time under the German manager. Pulisic was on the bench, while Abraham was not in the squad as Chelsea beat Everton 2-0 at Stamford Bridge on Monday night in the Premier League. Abraham has been struggling with an ankle injury, but Tuchel grouped him together with Emerson Palmieri as players who can consider themselves unfortunate not to have been involved in the contest. Back at full fitness it is something of a surprise that Pulisic has not played more under Tuchel after their excellent relationship at Borussia Dortmund, but the German says this is why he leaves the American out of the starting XI, because he knows how good he is as a substitute. ‘I cannot say anything but positive things about him [Pulisic],’ Tuchel told a post-match press conference. ‘Maybe his problem is that from Dortmund I know how strong he is from the bench. ‘I think he only started for us in the cup game. In the end it’s my responsibility and my fault but it is a bit unfair but I know what an impact he can have in the last 20-30 mins (from the bench). He was unlucky in the last games, it is not a lack of trust or lack of quality, we just have to be patient. ‘We have, for example, another guy I would love to mention is Emerson who suffers from bad decisions from me, who does not play but is an amazing guy and trains at the highest level, never lets the team down from his mentality. ‘It was a super hard decision today to have him out of the squad, same with Tammy, it’s like this. It tells us we are a strong group and the guys need to keep on fighting, there is no other way.’ Pulisic has not started a Premier League game under Tuchel after starting nine so far this season under Frank Lampard. Abraham has started in the Premier League since Tuchel took charge but has not added to his tally of six league goals this season under the German. Competition for places at Chelsea is fierce with Tuchel’s bench on Monday consisting of Kepa Arrizabalaga, Antonio Rudiger, Thiago Silva, N’Golo Kante, Pulisic, Olivier Giroud, Mason Mount, Ben Chilwell and Hakim Ziyech. Source: metro.co.uk DORTMUND - Borussia Dortmund Coach Juergen Klopp will leave after seven years in summer because he no longer feels he is the right man at the German top club, it was announced on Wednesday. Klopp, 47, told a news conference that he had come to conclusion over the past weeks… In "Sports" Dortmund (Germany), April 19, 2015 (dpa/NAN) German Bundesliga club Borussia Dortmund have appointed Thomas Tuchel as coach from next season. Tuchel, 41, has signed a three-year contract from July 1, the club said on Sunday. Former Mainz coach Tuchel, who is on sabbatical until his contract with Mainz officially ends… In "Sports" Chelsea FC has confirmed the appointment of Thomas Tuchel as manager. He replaces Frank Lampard, who was sacked on Tuesday following a string of bad runs in the EPL. A statement on the website of the club said Tuchel has signed an 18-month contract with the possibility of an extension.… In "Sports"