A pregnant woman was shot while three persons, including her husband, were abducted when gunmen raided Kwaita community in Kwali Area Council of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT). A resident, who preferred anonymity, told Daily Trust that the incident happened around 11pm on Wednesday. He said the kidnappers invaded the houses of their victims and whisked them away after shooting sporadically. He said the pregnant woman was hit by a stray bullet. “The entire community was thrown into panic because of the sporadic gunshot. “They wanted to take the woman along, but when they discovered that she sustained bullets wound and she is pregnant, they pared her,” he said. He said the pregnant woman has been taken to an undisclosed hospital in Gwagwalada for treatment. While responding to inquiries from Daily Trust, ASP Maryam Yusuf, Spokesperson of the FCT Police Command, said the police rescued one kidnap victim after a fierce gun duel with the kidnappers. She said it was in the process of process of repelling the kidnappers that a police officer sustained injuries. Yusuf added that efforts were being made to apprehend the kidnappers and rescue the victims. (Daily Trust) By Shuaibu Tatu   Birnin-Kebbi   -     The Kebbi State Police command says it has rescued a pregnant woman, Hajiya Sadiya Tsoho, from kidnappers’ hideout in the state. The command’s Public Relations Officer (PPRO), DSP Mustapha Suleiman, who confirmed the release of the victim on Sunday said, the police rescued the… In "Metro" At least 15 people were killed on Sunday and many others abducted when kidnappers blocked the Kaduna-Abuja expressway around 5 pm, witnesses said. The incident happened around Gidan Busa, a village not far away from Rijana, which is 133 kilometres to Abuja. It was gathered that nearly 20 vehicles were… In "News" Sokoto State Police Command has confirmed the disappearance of a pregnant housewife suspected to have been kidnapped by unknown gunmen. The victim, Luba Bello, was reportedly abducted from her matrimonial home in the early hours of Thursday, around 2:00 a.m., in Katura, Dange Shuni Local Government Area of Sokoto State.… In "Security"