The Federal Government of Nigeria has declared Friday 2nd and Monday 5th April as public holidays to mark this year’s Easter celebration. Minister of Interior Ogbeni Rauf Adesoji Aregbesola, who made the declaration on behalf of the Federal Government, urged Christians to emulate the attributes of forbearance, forgiveness, kindness, humility, love, peace and patience, which were demonstrated by Jesus Christ. He called on them to use the occasion of this year’s Easter celebration to pray for the peace, unity, and the progress of the country. Aregbesola assured that the Federal Government will leave no stone unturned in dealing decisively with the spate of kidnapping, armed banditry and other crimes and criminality being perpetrated by enemies of the country in parts of Nigeria. ‘Security is everybody’s business, I therefore encourage all Nigerians and foreigners resident in Nigeria, to display high level of patriotism at this critical time in the history of our country, to support the efforts of all security agencies in ensuring peace and security of lives and property of the citizenry,’ he said. While wishing Christians both at home and abroad a happy and peaceful Easter celebration, Aregbesola called on Nigerians to join hands with the Buhari administration’s determination to make life more meaningful for all. Sun News By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Federal Government has declared Friday 25 and Monday 28 December 2020 as well as Friday, January 1, 2021 as public holidays to mark the Christmas, Boxing Day and New Year Celebrations respectively. Permanent Secretary in the Ministry of Interior, Dr Shuaib M.L… In "Top Stories" By Doris Esa Abuja - The Federal Government has declared Friday, April 19 and Monday, April 22, Public Holidays to mark the 2019 Easter celebration. Mrs Georgina Ehuriah, Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Interior, announced the holiday in a statement quoting the minister on Wednesday in Abuja. The Minister of Interior,… In "News" ABUJA - The Federal Government on Tuesday  declared Friday April 3 , and Monday April 6 as public holidays to mark the Good Friday and Easter Monday celebrations ,respectively. The Minister of Interior, Mr Abba Moro, made the declaration in a statement issued on his behalf in Abuja by the… In "News"