The leadership of the Ijaw Political Frontiers (IPF) has condemned the recent comment by the Minister of the Niger Delta Affairs, Senator Godswill Akpabio, that there won’t be a substantive board of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) until the forensic auditors of the commission complete their assignment.  The body, in a statement on Wednesday by its spokesman, Mr. Bedford Benjamin, noted that the forensic audit could not be forever as every process has an end. The IPC said that for about one and a half years, the minister and his cohorts had been playing on the intelligence of the people of the region for no good reason. The group said: “The NDDC, which is founded upon the blood, struggles and agitations of patriotic Niger Delta people is not, and cannot be a one man’s show. “We shall resist you (Akpabio) with every legal means and see to it that your illegal reign of injustice and unconventional practices come to an end. “Using the caretaker techniques of running local government structures does not apply in this case. It is rather shameful to hear the minister citing that as an example to justify the endless interim administrations in the NDDC.” The group contended that Akpabio did not have any right to hold the commission to ransom by installing his acolytes in the guise of conducting a forensic audit. It sent a stern warning to those allegedly conniving with the minister to “allow this huge misfortune in the Niger Delta.” The group, therefore, threatened to publish the names of Akpabio’s collaborators as enemies of the region, warning that corruption could not be stopped by illegality. IPC added: “We shall continue to fight for justice for the region until the inauguration of a substantive board before the aberration becomes a norm in the commission. “It is however sad to hear Akpabio using subtle insulting words on our elected governors in the bid to make a point. Akpabio is getting power-drunk and his lackadaisical disposition on sensitive issues in the NDDC is worrisome. “Any further delay may make the waters from the creeks begin to boil again. To be forewarned is to be forearmed. We want the constitution of a substantive board of the NDDC now!”   Source •Godswill Akpabio In his continuing effort at delivering a more development-driven Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC), President Muhammadu Buhari on March 10, 2020 inaugurated the Advisory Committee of the Commission. Similarly, the Minister of Niger Delta Affairs, Senator Godswill Akpabio had also inaugurated the Presidential Monitoring Committee of the NDDC… In "Opinion" The Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) has disclosed that the list of contract beneficiaries released by Godswill Akpabio, minister of Niger Delta affairs, is authentic and was not compiled by him. Prominent names on the list compiled in 2018 are former Governors, Orji Uzor Kalu (Abia), James Ibori (Delta}, Emmanuel… In "News" The Isoko Nation Youth Congress (INYC) in Delta State, led by its president, Engr Godstime Akokotu, has thanked President Muhammadu Buhari for nominating Olorogun Bernard Okumagba and Prophet Jones Erue from Delta State to serve on the newly-confirmed board of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC), adding that the appointments… In "News"