Nigeria’s Kelechi Iheanacho scored twice to help his team dump Manchester United out of the FA Cup.  With the 3-1 over Machester United, Leicester City moved into the FA Cup semi-finals for the first time since 1981-82. While Iheanacho scored twice, his teammate, Tielemans got the other goal. The Foxes took the lead when United midfielder Fred’s backpass was intercepted by Kelechi Iheanacho, who went around goalkeeper Dean Henderson to score his fourth goal in two games. However, United equalised just before half time as Mason Greenwood steered the ball past Kasper Schmeichel after Donny van de Beek had dummied Paul Pogba’s low cross from the left. But Youri Tielemans restored Leicester’s lead with a low strike from the edge of the penalty area following a one-two with Iheanacho, who sealed the semi-final spot with a header 12 minutes from full-time. Leicester have never won the FA Cup, losing in the final on four occasions, and will face Southampton at Wembley in the semi-final over the weekend of 17-18 April, with the winners meeting either Chelsea or Manchester City in the final on 15 May.  Source The Flying Eagles star was on target twice for the Citizens youth team in their 3-1 defeat of Manchester United in a league game on Saturday afternoon Nigerian youngster Kelechi Iheanacho scored twice in Manchester CityU21 3-1 win over Manchester United U21 in a league game played at the City Football Academy… In "Sports" London - Kelechi Iheanacho kept up his impressive FA Cup scoring record to strike early as Leicester City edged Brentford 1-0 at Griffin Park to progress to the last 16 of a competition they have never won. The 23-year-old Nigerian rounded off an excellent three-man move begun by Dennis Praet’s… In "Sports" LAGOS -Some soccer fans on Saturday described as regrettable the exclusion of Super Eagles winger, Ahmed Musa and Nigerian Manchester City youngster, Kelechi Iheanacho, from the country`s U-23 squad for the Rio Olympics. They told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos that the exclusion of the in-form duo… In "Sports"