The management of Nirsal Microfinance Bank has warned the general public to be wary of unscrupulous elements who disguise as staff of the bank to help unsuspecting members of the public to secure COVID-19 targeted loans. The warning is sequel to noticeable unethical practices being perpetrated by individuals disguising as its staff or agents, demanding and receiving money from unsuspecting members of the public purportedly to secure COVID-19 Targeted Credit Facility or the AGSMEIS Loan.In a atatement made available to Economic Confidential in Abuja, the bank said the public is hereby cautioned against falling prey to such people because the COVID-19 Targeted Credit Facility being disbursed by NMFB on behalf of the Central Bank of Nigeria is a Loan not a Grant and beneficiaries must pay back with interest. The bank also informed the general public who may have been scammed by these unscrupulous people to lodge a complaint on their Whistleblowing portal by sending an email on WHISTLEBLOWER AT (whistleblower@nmfb.com.ng) It further said that if you are in any doubt, please contact them on 09010020656 or visit www.nmfb.com.ng The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) says N600 billion out of the N1 trillion COVID-19 intervention fund for manufacturers is still awaiting disbursement. CBN Governor, Godwin Emefiele, who disclosed it at the weekend, said N400 billion has already been disbursed to beneficiaries. Emefiele, who spoke during at contract signing for… In "Business" NIRSAL Microfinance Bank (NMFB) has resolved that the business plans for the ₦50 billion Targeted Credit Facility as a stimulus package to support households and MSMEs is no longer mandatory. Before arriving at this decision, the bank had received 80,000 applications but ran into social media storm when it was… In "News" The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has increased the Targeted Credit Facility (TCF) to N300 billion. The facility, which is meant for households and small and medium enterprises affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, was N150 billion. The expansion of the credit line, the apex bank said, is to enable it… In "Business"