Member representing Orumba North and South constituency at the federal House of Representatives, Dr. Okwudili Ezenwankwo said he would sustain the legacies of Anambra state Governor, Willie Obiano if voted into power in the November 6 governorship election.  Ezenwankwo stated this in Nanka, Orumba North Local Government Area while declaring his interest to run for the governorship seat under the platform of the ruling All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA). The lawmaker, who is contesting the ticket of the party together with the former governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Prof. Chukwuma Soludo and other aspirants said he was not afraid of any candidate, having worked for the party for over fifteen years. He said, “Governor Obiano has done marvelously well in key developmental areas of the state like security, commerce, education, health, among other areas. I will only continue from where he stopped because I have the qualities, capabilities and managerial ability to develop the state further. “My achievements as leader of traders in South-East and Anambra State as well as my current records in my constituency as a Federal legislator are testimonies that I have the managerial ability, qualities. Besides, God gave me the grace of leadership. “As a businessman, I have the ability, sagacity and quality, I have been a good manager of men, I have been part and parcel of many government in the state as well as been in APGA for 15 years. “I have been a stakeholder in APGA and have worked for the party. I am not afraid of any candidate; people in our party especially the youths know I am capable to succeed Obiano.” In their separate speeches, former Commissioner of Health, Dr. Joseph Akabuike and former chairman of Nigeria Bar Association, Aguata branch, Barr. Clifford Okoye, described Ezenwankwo as a passionate developer of welfare of the poor, down trodden and youths,” They said the state needed leaders like him to continue with Obiano’s good governance especially on legacy projects. The traditional ruler of the town, Igwe Ogochukwu Ezeilo, President General of the community, Paul Chinedu and other party bigwigs were among the dignitaries that graced the occasion.  Source A chieftain of the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA), Chief Jude Emecheta, has said Prof. Chukwuma Soludo is the most qualified candidate to succeed Governor Willie Obiano after the November 6 governorship election in Anambra State. Emecheta, who is chairman of Anambra Demands Soludo (ADS), a political group, made the… In "Politics" As the 2021 governorship election in Anambra State inch closer, political parties are beginning to consult and dig deep to bring out the best in their pack. While Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has given the latitude to all zones to showcase their big masquerade, the reigning All Progressive Grand Alliance… In "Politics" ABEOKUTA - The National Leader of the All Progressive Grand Alliance (APGA) and the Governor of Anambra, Dr Willie Obiano, on Friday said that President Goodluck Jonathan remained the presidential candidate of the party in the general election [pro_ad_display_adzone id="10"] Obiano stated this on Friday while addressing the party's supporters… In "News"