Chief Whip of the Senate and former Governor of Abia State, Senator Orji Uzor Kalu, has taken the Senator representing Abia South Senatorial zone, Enyinnaya Abaribe, to the cleaners. Abaribe was Kalu’s deputy during his first term as Abia governor. The deputy governor was later impeached. Kalu, on Monday, also said he was thankful to God to have been imprisoned for six months, declaring that God allowed the conspiracy of his enemies because “it is part of my life script”.The billionaire businessman and politicianmade the revelations in Aba North Ward 1 during his ward to ward campaign for All Progressives Congress (APC) candidate, Chief Mascot Uzor Kalu, for the Aba North/South Federal Constituency bye-election scheduled to hold on Saturday. The former Governor was responding to statements from Abia State Governor, Okezie Ikpeazu, and Abaribe accusing him of unrecovery from Kuje Prison experience Ikpeazu and Abaribe, in their reactions, had stated that Kalu’s suggestion that road projects in Aba are funded by the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) and the Federal Government “is a clear pointer that something is wrong with him”.“It is either he is yet to fully recover from the effects of his several months of incarceration at the Kuje prisons or he is just plain ignorant.” the governor’s statement read. In his counter reaction, Kalu told a mammoth crowd in Aba that Abaribe was little minded to think he was ashamed of his prison experience.Kalu: I picked Abaribe from the guttersAbaribe He said Abaribe, who he picked from the gutters and made him Deputy Governor, was busy supplying petitions to his conspirators because they thought he would be President in 2023.“My conspirators thought I would be President in 2023 , so they decided to cut my journey short at all cost. Abaribe continued to supply petitions. But you see, these people are not God. They think I am ashamed to have gone to prison. I am not and I don’t blame them because they don’t know my relationship with God. They are little minds and wicked people who have refused to do any project for their own people. They have kept a centre table for you and called it bridge. You can’t even pay common salaries and you are here swearing true to God, na me build this road. The only road the state is constructing is the 600 meters road in Eziukwu which they have been building since last six years, that’s one year 100 meters. Compare my village and these people’s village and you will see how shameless they are. If you can’t build your own village, is it my own you will build?” Kalu queried to the thunderous response of ‘Nooo’. ” This is 10pm and I am here with you, can the Governor or Abaribe come here? That is why in leadership, you have to be with the people you are leading. But they don’t understand this simple technique, all the projects they claim to be doing are all on radio, nothing on ground. Joseph went to Prison, even Obasanjo went to prison. My going to prison is part of my life script and I am thankful God allowed it”.Kalu had last weekend lambasted the state government for laying claims to World Bank NEMAP projects, NNDC and Federal Government-sponsored projects in Abia as state government-funded projects. Speaking to a crowd in Igwebuike Hall in Aba South, Kalu had said: “The Federal Government of Nigeria is responsible for the N27 billion Ngwa road and not the state government. A government that is owing over 23 months to Abia Polytechnic, 22 months to Abia Teaching Hospital, 18 months to Health Management Board, 27 months to Technical School, Arochukwu, amounting over N29 billion as arrears of salaries excluding pension cannot embark on a N27 billion road job. You cannot give what you don’t have.“The Senator representing you in the Senate, Enyinnaya Abaribe, has been in the Senate for 16 years and has done no single project in Abia South. He is busy speaking English as if English language is what you need. You need infrastructure, you need good roads, you need schools and hospitals. Go to Abia North, just a year in the Senate, I have given them 19 roads, renovated schools, built hospitals with a lot of empowerment. Abaribe is so shameless that he doesn’t even have a road leading to his village in Umuekwensu. It is a big shame”. The Senate Minority Leader, Enyinnaya Abaribe, said he was taken to a shrine to swear an oath of loyalty 24 hours before inauguration as deputy governor in 1999. Abaribe was deputy governor to Senator Orji Uzor Kalu from May 29, 1999 till March 2003 before he resigned and defected to… In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  Onyebuchi Ememanka, the new Chief Press Secretary to the Abia State Governor, Dr. Okezie Ikpeazu, has criticized the Senator representing Abia North district, Chief Orji Uzor Kalu, over his recent statement on Ndigbo. Recall that Senator Orji Uzor Kalu, was quoted to have during a Thank… In "News" The Arewa Youths Consultative Forum, AYCF, has stated that the North will not cede the presidency in 2023 to the South. According to Vanguard, the President of the AYCF, Shettima Yerima made this known in an interview on Tuesday. Yerima said it irritates the entire North for some southern politicians… In "News"