Abba Abbey Gidan Haki, a personal aide of Senator Aliyu Magatakarda Wamakko, lawmaker representing Sokoto-North Senatorial District, was killed by his ex-lover, according to sources. The news of Haki’s death had sent shocking waves across the state as many lamented the effect of the rising insecurity in the country. But fresh facts have now emerged that his estranged lover betrayed the deceased who was married with five kids. The lady (names withheld) has been arrested alongside some of the suspects, according to police sources. Daily Trust gathered that the deceased was planning to marry her before they parted ways. It was learnt that, even after their separation, they kept in touch until the man was abducted. Betrayed by ex-lover The deceased, who was in his 50s, was abducted and killed last Thursday. His corpse was found on the road to Durbawa town in Kware Local Government Area of the state. A police source told Daily Trust that the lady conspired with the new lover she met after parting ways with Haki. She was said to have conspired against her ex-lover so as to raise money for the wedding she was planning with the new man. “When they realised that he had a zero-account, they killed him,” he said. ‘Seven persons have been arrested’ Daily Trust understands that seven people, including the lady and her groom to be, were arrested in connection with the case. Another source said shortly before the man was abducted, the lady called and asked him to meet her somewhere. When they met in the company of her groom to be, she was said to have introduced him as her brother. “She then pleaded with him to take them to somewhere which he did and as he was trying to reverse his car after dropping them, one Volkswagen car blocked him from behind,” the source said. The source added that the occupants of the vehicle came out with AK-47 riffle and forced the deceased away. It was said that, the abductors seized Haki’s mobile phone and checked his bank account which was empty at the time. “The leader of the gang then told the lady and her boyfriend that he would kill him since they would not get anything from him. How Haki was killed “He then, went back to where they tied him up and ran over him with with a vehicle,” the source told Daily Trust. The spokesman of the Sokoto State Police Command, ASP Sanusi Abubakar, who confirmed the development, said only the girl and one other person were in the police net. He added that, one AK47 riffle was recovered from them, adding that investigation is ongoing. Haki was buried on Friday night. The funeral prayer was attended by Senator Wamakko, the Minister of Police Affairs, Alhaji Muhammadu Maigari Dingyadi; the Sokoto APC acting chairman, Alhaji Isa Sadiq Achida; traditional rulers, Islamic clerics, members of the National and State Assemblies, serving and retired civil servants as well as thousands of sympathisers. His funeral prayer was led by the Chief Imam of Sheikh Uthman Bin Fodiyo Juma’at Mosque, Sokoto, Sheikh Abubakar Shehu Na Liman. (Daily Trust) Jacinta Igboke, a female private school teacher in Lagos, has been arrested by the police for allegedly killing her ex-lover, simply identified as Ani, for refusing to buy Christmas cloths for their 18-month old son, Daily Trust reports. It was gathered that the estranged lover was to get married to… In "News" According to Sun News, a young man identified as Daniel has been arrested for killing his live-in lover, Nkechi Vivian Agwor, in Egbeda area of Lagos State. The suspect has been taken into custody to undergo interrogation at the homicide section of the State Criminal Investigation and Intelligence Department (SCIID),… In "Metro" Mother of‎ Governor Muhammed Badaru Abubakar’s ex-Special Adviser on politics, Alhaji Yahaya Muhammad (Bigman) has been abducted, Daily Post reports. Daily Post gathered that she was kidnapped by unknown gunmen last night (Monday). The State commissioner of Police, Mr Bala Zama Senchi confirmed the incident to Daily Post on Tuesday.… In "News"