Ebuka Nwobodo, a 22-year-old man, and his parents have been dragged to court.  They were Tuesday arraigned before a Lagos Magistrate Court sitting in Ebute- Metta, over alleged conspiracy to r*pe a six-year-old girl.  The defendant and his parents Juliet Nwobodo 45 and Boniface Nwobodo 57, are facing a two-count charge, bordering on conspiracy and defilement, preferred against them by the Police. They were docked before Magistrate Mrs O. A. Oshoniyi. The prosecutor Inspector Olatunde Kehinde, told the court that the trio, conspired amongst themselves to commit the alleged offence. He said that the incident, happened sometimes in 2016, at 7, Odunsi Street, Bariga Lagos. Kehinde said ” Ebuka defiled the victim, who was 6 years old then, but she is now 11 years old”. The prosecutor said the offence committed is punishable under Sections 411 and 137, of the criminal law of Lagos state 2015. However, the defendants pleaded not guilty to the charge. Magistrate Oshoniyi, granted them bail, in the sum of N250, 000, with two sureties in like sum, who must be gainfully employed. Oshoniyi, adjourned the case till April 21, 2021, for mention.  Source By Funmilola Gboteku Ikeja - An Ikeja Chief Magistrates’ Court on Thursday remanded a 43-year-old man, Chukwuma Smart, in prison for allegedly having canal knowledge of his neighbour’s 10-year-old daughter. The Chief Magistrate, Olufunke Sule-Amzat, who did not take plea of the defendant, ordered that he should be remanded in… In "Metro" By Teniola Ibitola Lagos - An Ebute-Meta Magistrates’ Court, Lagos on Friday, ordered the remand of one Lukman Yekini in custody for allegedly having carnal knowledge of a 13-year-old girl. Yekini, whose plea was not taken, is facing a two-count charge of conspiracy to commit felony and defilement. The magistrate,… In "Metro" By Oluwatope Lawanson Ikeja - An Ikeja Chief Magistrate’s Court  on Thursday ordered the remand of a 28-year-old man, Dayo Olawale, who allegedly sexually assaulted a 20-year-old lady. Chief Magistrate Olufunke Sule-Amzat, who did not take the plea of the defendant, ordered that he  should be kept at the Kirikiri… In "Metro"