Alleged international fraudster, Ramon Abass aka Hushpuppi has contracted the services of a top-rated criminal defence lawyer, Loius Shapiro.  The top lawyer will represent him over fraud-related and money laundering charges in the United States. This followed the withdrawal of Gal Pissetzky and Vicki Podberesky, his former attorneys. It was reported how the duo withdrew after months of negotiations with the U.S. government. Recall that Mr Pissetzky, a top Chicago lawyer was initially hired to defend the 37-year-old but was later retained as a record counsel due to the transfer of Mr. Abass to Los Angeles and the lawyer’s inability to practice outside Chicago. As a result, Ms Podberesky, a California-based criminal defense lawyer, was hired as his local council. In the application dated January 21, Mr Pissetzky, who claimed to have been negotiating with the government over the case, said Mr Abass suddenly stopped communicating with him. “Since Mr Abbas’ arrest and arrival in the Central District of California, I have received voluminous discovery from the government and have been diligently reviewing it and investigating the allegations in this matter. “My communications with Mr Abbas are by telephone given my inability to fly from Chicago to Los Angeles due to the pandemic. Ms Podberesky, as local counsel, has made several visits to see Mr Abbas at the Santa Ana Jail and has also communicated with him by telephone,” he said. Their request was, however, granted on February 22 and an order was issued in that regard.  Source According to PM News, Ramon Olorunwa Abbas, a.k.a Hushpuppi has hired Gal Pissetzky, one of the best criminal defence lawyers in Chicago area to defend him. Hushpuppi, who was extradited to US from Dubai last week Thursday faces trial in Los Angeles, where his case has been filed before a… In "News" Nigerian Instagrammer, Ramon Abass, aka Hushpuppi, has reportedly secured the services of a top Chicago criminal defence lawyer. It is no longer news that Hushpuppi, 37, was arrested by the FBI in Dubai in June 2020. Zenith BankHushpuppi was arrested alongside 10 others for their involvement in N168 billion fraud.… In "News" •Hushpuppi ABUJA - Hushpuppi, Nigerian Instagram personality facing cyberfraud allegations in the United States, has disengaged Gal Pissetzky, his lawyer in Chicago, after his trial was transferred to California. The self-acclaimed influencer, whose real name is Ramon Igbalode, had been arraigned in Chicago on money laundering charges following his arrest… In "Metro"