the killers of late Dr Terkula Suswam. Gov. Samuel Ortom made this known to newsmen after the Expanded Security Council meeting in Makurdi on Thursday. Ortom also said that the council also declared total war against criminals in the state. Suswam was killed along with his aide, Mr Solomon Utanor, on Monday evening in front of ELOHIM PLAZA, beside Ashi Polytechnic, located opposite his personal residence in Anyiin, Logo Local Government Area of the state. The deceased was the immediate elder brother to Sen. Gabriel Suswam, the immediate past governor of Benue.Ortom said that the council, while condemning the assassination of Dr Suswam, would do everything to ensure that the killers are brought to book. “The Council also decided to place a bounty of N5m on any information from anyone that would lead to the arrest of those who assassinated Dr Terkura Suswam,” the governor declared. He further said that the council reviewed the ban on the use of motorcycles earlier imposed in Ukum and Katisna-Ala Local Government Areas to cover Logo council and banned the use of old model Toyota Corolla, popularly known as Duck Nyash in the three affected council areas. Ortom further reviewed the dusk-to-dawn curfew earlier imposed on Katisna-Ala and Ukum local government areas to also cover Logo area. The council also ordered that all commerical vehicles operating within the affected local governments must do proper documentation and must load only in the motor parks. According to him, the council further directed security agencies to arrest anyone seen driving the banned car and motorcycles. He said the decision to ban the use of such vehicles in the area was that most crimes were carried out using the model of the car. “The Council has declared total war against any criminal element not just those who assassinated our brother Terkura Suswam but against all bandits and other criminals. “The Security agencies have assured that they will go after them and by the grace of God apprehend them,” said Ortom.On security threats facing boarding schools in parts of the country, the council resolved that the Ministry of Education should sensitise schools especially boarding ones on security tips. The council further constituted a sensitisation monitoring committee headed by the Special Adviser to the governor on Security, retired Col. Paul Hemba, he said. (NAN) •Late Dr Terkula Suswam  From Vincent Nyinongu, Makurdi Tragedy struck in Benue State on Tuesday night as unknown gunmen killed Dr. Terkula Suswam, the immediate elder brother to Senator Gabriel Suswam, who represents Benue North-East Senatorial District.The gunmen were said to have killed the elder Suswam at his country home… In "News" One of the five widows of the slain notorious militia leader in Benue State, Terwase Akwaza, aka Gana, Mrs Wantor Akwaza, said on Thursday that her deceased husband was snatched by military men. Recall that the Commander of Operation Ayem A. Kpatuma, Major General Ali Gadzama, had on Tuesday told… In "News" ZAKI BIAM - Gov Gabriel Suswam of Benue State on Thursday commenced sales and distribution of fertiliser for 2014 cropping season. The governor started the sales at Zaki-Biam in Ukum Local Government Area of the state. Suswam said that the state government would not tolerate activities of people who indulged… In "Business"