The National Leader of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, has urged Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo to rededicate himself and his ample talents to the betterment of the nation and its people as he turns 64 today.  In a congratulatory message yesterday in Lagos by his Media Aide, Mr. Tunde Rahman, Asiwaju Tinubu prayed for many more productive years and the best of health for Osinbajo. The APC leader described the vice-president as a man of vision and diligent work ethics. “I join the family, friends, and associates of Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo to celebrate with him. “I also thank God for the life He has given His servant,” he said. According to the former governor of Lagos State, Osinbajo has exemplified the best traits of a public servant who strived to do his best for the nation. He noted that Osinbajo has shown great character, intellect, and professional knowledge in serving Nigeria and in supporting President Muhammadu Buhari and his agenda. Asiwaju Tinubu prayed that the Vice-President would continue to exhibit outstanding patriotic loyalty and singularity of purpose. “May he always work for the good of the nation and do his best to continue to reform the economy, as is his mandate as VP, so that all Nigerians may drink of the cup of prosperity and hope. “I pray that your efforts bear the fullest fruit and that history will speak fondly of your efforts and achievements. “Happy birthday, dear friend and brother. May God always guide and bless you,” Asiwaju Tinubu said.  Source Following insinuations that the recent developments in the All Progressives Congress were indications of a rift between the President, Muhammadu Buhari and the National Leader of the APC, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, Afenifere chieftain, Chief Ayo Adebanjo, has said he knew the President was allegedly deceiving Tinubu all along, The PUNCH… In "Politics" •Asiwaju Tinubu and Vice President Osinbajo By Vincent Kalu Notwithstanding public appearances and statements to the contrary, political permutations and maneuvering for the 2023 presidential race may have finally come between the national leader of the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu and the Vice President, Prof… In "Politics" National leader of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, has observed that despite occupying the exalted office of the Vice President, Prof. Yemi Osinbajo has remained his human self without putting on airs. In a personal letter to the Vice President on his 61st birthday, the former Lagos… In "News"