A young Nigerian woman has been praised after she developed an app to help sexual abuse victims.  The Kano-Born Fulani young lady, Saadat Aliyu developed an android application called ‘Helpio App’ for reporting cases of sexual abuse.  ‘Helpio App’ was launched on August 6, 2020, on Playstore. Ms Aliyu who is the founder of Shamrock Innovations, Women and Youth-Centric Tech Innovation Hub in Kano, said that any person can visit Playstore on an android phone and install the app. “You can go to the Play store, search for it and install it. After installation, you can sign up using email and password either in Hausa or English language,” she told Channels Television on Monday. “So far the Initiative for Support of Victims of Sexual abuse, Orphans and Less privileged (ISSOL) and Equity Destitute, Child Right and Welfare initiative (EDCRAWI) have signed up in the platform.” She recalled that she started learning IT skills from her brother when she was in junior secondary school and subsequently became a self-taught developer. The young lady said her next project will be launched very soon and is fintech-oriented conceived to continue making an impact on women and people’s lives by advocating and developing solutions.  Source By Emmanuel Afonne Abuja - An NGO, Gender Mobile Initiative (GMI), has called for the passage of the Sexual Harassment Prohibition Bill currently in the National Assembly. It said this would address the sexual abuse cases wreaking havoc in the country’s institutions of learning. Ms Omowumi Ogunrotimi, Executive Director, GMI… In "News" By Moji Eniola Lagos - The Amazing Amazon Initiative, a Non-Governmental Organisation (NGO), says that there has been a surge in the reports of sexual and domestic abuses her organisation has received since the start of the lockdown. The Founder of the NGO, Mrs Mercy Makinde, said this while speaking… In "News" Just when one thought the issue of rape is becoming a fading crime of yesteryears, several back to back cases witnessed in the past few weeks prove that we may have been in a hurry to make that assertion. To many, the COVID-19 pandemic must have revealed a lot of… In "Opinion"