A notorious wanted serial killer and member of the Eiye cult group identified as Suleiman Ganiyu has been arrested by operatives of the Ogun State police command.  Abimbola Oyeyemi, the spokesperson of the state police command said the suspect was arrested following a distress call from Itamerin Comprehensive High School Ago-Iwoye on March 14, that the suspect came to the school premises and started shooting sporadically simply because his younger brother who is a student of the school was beaten. ”Upon the distress call, the DPO Ago-Iwoye, CSP Paul Omiwole led his patrol team to the school but before their arrival, the suspect had ran away. He was subsequently traced to his hideout at Imosan Street Oru-Ijebu where he was eventually apprehended. On interrogation, he confessed being a leading member of Eiye confraternity. He confessed further that he was the one who killed one Awokale Olusegun a.k.a Lala on the 27th of February 2020 over a supremacy battle following which he was declared wanted by the police. He also confessed being responsible for the death of one “Babasco” and one Dapo at Ijebu-Igbo in 2015 during a clash between his group and Aye cult group. Further investigation revealed that the suspect was the brain behind a series of violent cult related clashes in Ago-Iwoye, Awa-Ijebu, Oru-Ijebu, Ilaponu and Ijebu-Igbo in the recent past.” the statement read. Oyeyemu added that the state Commissioner of Police, CP Edward Awolowo Ajogun, has ordered the immediate transfer of suspect to the State Criminal Investigation and Intelligence Department for discreet investigation and subsequent prosecution.  Source In Ikenne and Ago-Iwoye, two towns in Ogun State, terror has a name: Sunday Paul a.k.a. Blade. Mentioning his name is enough to put the fear of God in the minds of the inhabitants of these two communities who for the better part of a decade had lived in fear… In "Metro" According to The Nation, the police have arrested one-eyed man and suspected leader of the dreaded Eiye confraternity in Ikenne, Sunday Paul, in connection with the killing of 15 people in Ikenne and its environ, Ogun State. Sunday who is popularly known as Blade and has been on the wanted… In "Metro" ‌ABEOKUTA - The Ogun State Police Command says it has arrested a 26-year-old wanted cultist, Akibu Tikare, at the scene of a robbery in Ogijo, Sagamu Local Government Area of the state. Tikare, who was alleged to be the leader of the Eiye Confraternity in the area, was arrested during… In "Metro"