Ondo State Governor, Oluwarotimi Akeredolu, has warned Chief Sunday Igboho and others agitating for a sovereign Yoruba State to stay away from the state. Akeredolu said Ondo people have elected to stay in the Federal Republic of Nigeria as constituted at present. He said no part of the entire state, known and delineated as Ondo State, would permit any gathering or agitation which may suggest, however remotely, that the people are in support of what he termed ‘unthinking rabble rousing.’ Akeredolu who spoke while swearing in Princess Catherine Oladunni Odu as the new Secretary to the State Government and other Special Advisers said the state would not subscribe to banditry and recklessness in putting forth its demands. He said the right of citizens to discuss, agitate and even fight to right perceived wrongs, culminating in self-determination, must be done within known and acceptable parameters and all concerned must agree to pursue the same objectives to achieve a desirable or desired end. He noted that the reasons for the declaration of hostilities must not be fleeting fancies of disaffection engendered by perceived politics of exclusion for personal benefits. Akeredolu who condemned attack on the convoy of the Benue State Governor, Mr. Samuel Ortom, urged security agencies to unmask the agents of darkness bent on throwing the country into a state of anarchy. The Nation Human Rights writers Association of Nigeria (HURIWA) on Saturday accused the Inspector General of Police, (IGP) Mohammed Adamu of partiality and double standards by ordering the Oyo State Commissioner of Police, Mrs. Ngozi Onadeko to arrest the Yoruba Ethnic Rights Activist, Mr. Sunday Ighoho. But, HURIWA said IGP has refused… In "News" Ondo Governor Rotimi Akeredolu has stated many of the killer herders perpetrating criminal activities speak common language according to the debriefing from those kidnapped. Akeredolu stated this on Monday night during an interview on Channels TV monitored by The Nation. He said most of them were speaking “Fulfulde”. Fulfulde language… In "News" If you were on a holiday to Nigeria from Mars last week, you would almost certainly cut short your stay to avoid what looked like a coming Armageddon.  Rotimi Akeredolu, the governor of Ondo, one of the six South-western states, had issued an ultimatum to herders, mostly of the Fulani tribe,… In "Column - Thursday"