The House of Representatives has urged the Federal Government to halt appropriation of 4.2 million Pounds linked to former Delta State Governor James Ibori.  The resolution followed a unanimous adoption of a motion by Minority Leader Ndudi Elumelu (PDP Delta) at plenary yesterday. The motion was co-sponsored by nine other lawmakers from Delta, the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports. Elumelu said the 4.2 million Pounds, being proceeds of looted funds recovered from Ibori was being transferred to the coffers of the Federal Government for appropriation. According to him, this is without recourse to the Delta State government. The lawmaker said the money belonged to the people of Delta and should be refunded to the coffers of the State Government for developmental purposes. In his ruling, Deputy Speaker Ahmed Wase mandated the committees to conclude investigations and report back to the House within two weeks. Also, a non-governmental organisation (NGO), the Nigeria Voters Assembly, has condemned the statement by the Attorney General of the Federation and Justice Minister Abubakar Malami that the 4.2 million Pounds proceeds of crime traced to Ibori would be used to fund the construction of the Second Niger Bridge, the Abuja-Kano expressway and the Lagos-Ibadan expressway. In a statement by its President, Mashood Erubami, the pro-democracy, human rights and anti-corruption group said the sum, which is being returned by the British Government, should be released to the Delta State government and its people because “diverting the fund from Delta State to other regions will be an open conversion of what rightly and legally belong to Delta State”. The House of Representatives has urged the Federal Government to halt appropriation of 4.2 million pounds recovered from former Gov. James Ibori of Delta. The resolution followed to a unanimous adoption of a motion by Minority Leader Ndudi Elumelu (PDP-Delta) at plenary on Wednesday.The motion was co-sponsored by nine other… In "Features" Who should be the custodian of the £4.2 million recovered from friends and family members of former Delta State Governor James Ibori to be returned to Nigeria by the United Kingdom government? The Federal Government said the cash considered as recovered loot, belongs to it. It promptly deployed it for… In "News" The Oghara Development Union, (ODU) Lagos Branch, has called on the Federal Government to insist that every single penny that has been forfeited by Chief James Onanefe Ibori’s associates in the London trial, should be returned to Nigeria. Ibori is from Oghara town in the Ethiope West Local Government Area… In "News"