President John Magufuli of Tanzania is dead.  Magufuli died at the age of 61 yesterday, after an illness that saw him disappear from public life for 2 weeks.  This was disclosed by Vice President, Samia Suluhu Hassan in a broadcast on Wednesday evening. “Dear Tanzanians, it is sad to announce that today 17 March 2021 around 6 p.m. we lost our brave leader, President John Magufuli who died from heart disease at Mzena hospital in Dar es Salaam where he was getting treatment,” the vice president said Magufuli had not been seen in public since the 24th of February. The Vice President, Samia Suluhu Hassan, will be sworn in and complete the rest of the five-year term that Magufuli began serving last year after winning a second term, becoming Tanzania’s first female president. Magufuli was born in Chato, north-west Tanzania, in 1959, and Studied Chemistry and maths at the University of Dar es Salaam, after which he worked as a Teacher and Industrial Chemist before he entered Politics. He was elected as Member of Parliament in 1995, Minister in 2000 and President in 2015.   Tanzania’s former president Benjamin Mkapa has died at the age of 81. President John Magufuli announced the death in the early hours of Friday. “With great sadness I am announcing the death of former President Benjamin William Mkapa, who died in a hospital in the commercial capital Dar es Salaam… In "News" •File photo of Tanzania’s President John Magufuli. PHOTO: Daniel Hayduk / AFP Tanzanian President John Magufuli said on Thursday that universities and sports events would resume next month after he declared that prayer had spared the country the worst of the coronavirus, even as critics say cases are soaring. Magufuli… In "Foreign" By Fumbuka Ngwanakilala DAR ES SALAAM  - Tanzanian authorities ordered the detention of an opposition lawmaker on Tuesday for insulting President John Magufuli, days after the president ordered officials to take action against 'incitement'. The opposition has accused Magufuli, nicknamed "the Bulldozer" for his blunt leadership style, of presiding over… In "Foreign"