Police in Benue have confirmed that a Catholic Church priest Rev. Moses Nguban has been killed in Agu, a village in Katsina-Ala council area of the state.  Since militia leader Terwase Akwaza alias Gana was killed by the military, Katsina Ala has not known peace. Police spokesperson Kate Anene said in a statement that gunmen stormed the village yesterday morning. The Nation gathered that the clergyman’s body was evacuated to the General Hospital Kastsina-Ala, while policemen and other security agents were on the trail of the gunmen. It was unclear at press time if more persons were killed in the attack.In Kaduna, a Catholic priest was abducted alongside three other persons. Gunmen seized Reverend Father Anthony Dawah of the Catholic Archdiocese of Kaduna alongside the wife and child of a catechist as well as a domestic worker in the church. The church is located in Dogon Kurmi in Kagarko council area of the state. Police could not confirm the incident as press time, but the Communication Director of the Catholic Archdiocese of Kaduna, Reverend Father Stephen Onyena did. …Kaduna, Zamfara, Borno deadliest states…North-West deadliest zone AS flames of violence and other forms of lives guzzling insecurity flicker in many parts of the country, Nigeria has literally become a killing field. In the first six weeks of 2021, lives of no fewer than 1,525 persons have been wasted across… In "Top Stories" According to a Sunday Punch report, the Catholic Diocese of Enugu on Saturday confirmed the attack on Rev. Fr. Ikechukwu Ilo by Fulani herdsmen along Numeh- Nenwe road in the Nkanu East Local Government Area of Enugu State. There was palpable tension in Numeh and neighbouring communities in Nkanu East… In "News" • Slain Fr Pius Ani ABUJA - A new report on the persecution of Christians in Nigeria has found that about 1,000 adherents of the Christian faith have been killed by Islamic militants in 2019 alone. The Humanitarian Aid Relief Trust (HART), headed by a member of the British House… In "Top Stories"