Gunmen suspected to be herdsmen have attacked three communities in Ebonyi State, killing no fewer than 15 persons.  Cars and motorcycles were also reportedly burnt by the invaders. The attacks took place on Monday, it was learnt. The three communities attacked were Obegu, Amazu and Egedege, all in Íshíelu council area of the state. The reason for the attack was not known at press time. It was speculated that more people may have been killed in the attack, but a source said 15 bodies were counted yesterday morning after the overnight invasion. Many others sustained various degrees of injuries.  The attackers, it was further learnt, also looted the communities. An unnamed Methodist Church priest was said to be among those killed. Police spokesperson Loveth Odah confirmed the attack. Odah said that a team of police officers led by a Deputy Commissioner of Police was delegated by Commissioner of Police Aliyu Garba to visit the communities and start investigation. Governor David Umahi directed security agents in the state to apprehend the attackers.  Source The Police and proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) have traded words over the killing of over seven persons in Ndegu Orie Umuoguduakpu community in Ohaukwu Local Govt Area of Ebonyi State on Tuesday. While the Leader of the group, Mr Nnamdi Kanu, in a statement, claimed herdsman carried out… In "News" Ebonyi state governor, David Umahi, reacted to the clash between herdsmen and farmers at Enyanwu Igwe Igbeagu community - The governor ordered the herdsmen in the community to vacate immediately - He said he can't watch and let killings like that of Benue happen in his state Governor David Umahi… In "News" Many persons were allegedly killed on Monday night when gunmen suspected to be herdsmen attacked three communities in Íshíelu local government area of Ebonyi state. The affected communities are Egedege, Obegu and Amazu communities. The number of casualties could not be ascertained at the time of this report. A source… In "News"