The two heavyweight boxing champions have signed a £500million two-fight deal to lay it all on the line.  A venue and a date are the two huge obstacles in the way now, but AJ’s promoter Eddie Hearn is set to ‘finalise a few deals’ next week. The Matchroom boss also confirmed the first scrap will take place in June or July – and has sensationally not ruled out holding the slugfest at Wembley. Speaking to iFL TV, Hearn said: “A lot has been occurring, I’m actually on my world travels next week to try finalise a few deals around the world, to get things moving. “[There has been] a lot of really positive conversations, I’ve had a good chat with Bob [Arum, Fury’s promoter], he’s working hard, we’re working hard, we are making a lot of progress. “And now we are approaching the period of ‘let’s try and close these site deals’ and that will be the number one priority for next week.”  Hearn says there are ‘five or six players in the market’ to stage the fight – but has not given up dreams of holding it on these shores. The 41-year-old added: “Me and Bob the other day were talking about Wembley. We were saying ‘is there any way we could speak to the government and get 100,000’. “What about we go in July, they got the Euros there, I don’t know, it’s financially difficult to take that choice. “I don’t want to get people too excited, I probably should haven’t even said that. But it would be pretty special wouldn’t it? “What’s in play is a June/July fight. It’s the only fight we want, it’s signed and agreed.”  Source Anthony Joshua and Tyson Fury have agreed in principle to meet in two blockbuster fights, according to Joshua’s promoter Eddie Hearn. Hearn has been negotiating with Fury’s camp for several weeks and he said the terms were in place for the British world heavyweight champions to go head to head.… In "Sports" London - Heavyweight world champion Anthony Joshua is likely to cancel a scheduled title defence at Wembley Stadium on April 13, with a June fight in New York now on the cards. According to promoter Eddie Hearn, the Wembley fixture, with no opponent confirmed but compatriot Dillian Whyte the obvious… In "Sports" A much thinner looking Anthony Joshua says he’s now properly motivated to beat Andy Ruiz Jr., and he’s ready to become a two-time heavyweight world champion on December 7. Joshua (22-1, 21 KOs) states that Ruiz Jr. is only “digging his own grave” by his trash talking that he’s doing… In "Sports"