Kogi State governor, Yahaya Bello has explained why former Minister of Aviation, Femi Fani-Kayode did not join the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC). He spoke on Politics Today, Channels Television programme monitored by The Nation, Recall that The Nation had reported that Yahaya Bello, in a two minutes video, claimed the former minister had dumped the PDP for the APC. Also, viral photos of Fani-Kayode meeting with the Kogi State governor, Yahaya Bello and the APC interim National Chairman, Mala Buni did set many tongues wagging. However, Fani-Kayode refuted reports that he had dumped the PDP for APC, he said the meeting with the two governors was not defection-related. Bello said, “Myself and Chief Fani-Kayode are brothers and we are partnering in ensuring there is peace and tranquility across the country. “The Chief Femi Fani-Kayode that everybody knows by the time he met me, I think he had a rethink of what life is all about and what Nigeria is all about, and you can see the mix so far, we are able to broker peace between the Amalgamated Union of Traders and our other aggrieved brothers. “Him joining the APC is at his own volition; him not joining, is at his own volition, political party divide has nothing to do with both of us working for the unity, peace and progress of this country, that’s what I know.” The Nation Former Minister of Aviation Femi Fani-Kayode has declared he’s still a member of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). He spoke despite confirmation by Kogi Governor Yahaya Bello that he has joined the All Progressives Congress (APC). Fani-Kayode met on Monday with Bello and acting National Chairman of the APC, Governor… In "Politics" •Chief Femi Fani-Kayode ABUJA - A former Minister of Aviation, Chief Femi Fani-Kayode may be on his way back to the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) six years after he left for the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), The Nation reports. Sources close to him said he met with chairman, Caretaker/Extra-Ordinary… In "Politics" A former Aviation Minister Femi Fani-Kayode has explained why he had closed-door discussions with some leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC). The Nation had reported how Fani-Kayode met with the Chairman of APC Caretaker/Extra-Ordinary Convention Planning Committee (CECPC) and Yobe State Governor Mai Mala Buni as well as… In "News"