Soldiers who attempted to take over the government in the Republic of Niger have been arrested.  The aborted coup was stopped on Wednesday and many soldiers involved have been arrested.  The putsch staged by a military unit comes just two days before the country’s first ever peaceful transition of power. President-elect Mohamed Bazoum is due to be sworn in on Friday — taking over from President Mahamadou Issoufou. Residents of Niamey, the capital said there was “intense shooting, with heavy and light weapons,” from 3 a.m. local time. The shooting around the presidential palace lasted about 30 minutes. In videos posted on social media, the sound of short bursts of gunfire could be heard in the darkness. Anonymous security sources told both AFP and Reuters that the situation was under control after assailants attempted to seize the palace. The United States Embassy in Niamey issued a security alert saying it would not open its doors on Wednesday “due to gunshots heard near our neighbourhood.” President-elect Bazoum defeated a former president Mahamane Ousmane, in the election run-off in February. But Ousmane alleged fraud. Ousmane served as president for three years until a military coup toppled him in 1996. He has since tried to regain power, most recently through the February election. Niger has had four coups since its independence from France in 1960. The spread of deadly extremist violence has long plagued the West African country, with jihadi insurgencies spilled over from Mali and Nigeria. Source ANKARA/ISTANBUL- Turkey vowed to root out allies of the U.S.-based cleric it blames for an abortive coup last week, after an already deep purge of the army, police and judiciary, and said on Tuesday it had sent Washington evidence of his wrongdoing. President Tayyip Erdogan and the government accuse Fethullah… In "Foreign" Istanbul -  Turkey widened a crackdown on suspected supporters of a failed military coup on Sunday, taking the number of people rounded up in the armed forces and judiciary to 6,000. Overnight, supporters of President Tayyip Erdogan rallied in public squares, at Istanbul airport and outside his palace in a… In "Foreign" NIAMEY - Islamist militants killed 71 soldiers in an attack on a remote military camp in Niger near the border with Mali, an army spokesman said on Wednesday, in the deadliest raid against the Nigerien military in living memory. Jihadists with links to Islamic State and al Qaeda have mounted… In "Foreign"