Expatriates abducted in Gabon and Nigerian negotiators have been released from their captors.  They were freed on Saturday in Tombia, a creek in Bille waterways, Degema Local Government Area of Rivers State.  The victims included six Chinese, three Indonesians, one Gabonese and four Nigerians that had gone to facilitate their release. Men of the 29 Battalion, Nigeria Army with support from local vigilante, took part in the operation. Commanding Officer, 29 Battalion, Lt. Col. Mohammed Yahaya, spoke to reporters at the 6 Division, Nigeria Army, Bori Camp in Port Harcourt. The officer disclosed that a ransom of $300,000 was paid before the military intervened. “As they were about bringing them out of the creeks, they had issues that made them even susceptible to kidnapping again. “Men of the 29 Battalion, under the 6 Division, in conjunction with local vigilantes launched an operation and were able to rescue them. “They have a trolley, Socipeg, registered in Gabon. It was in the course of their fishing activities that they were kidnapped,” Yahaya said. All the former hostages were handed over to the Department of State Services (DSS). The agency will carry out further investigation.  Source Abuja  -   The Nigerian Army says ground troops are making progress in the ongoing clearance operations across the North East as more Boko Haram hideouts are being cleared and scores of suspected terrorists killed. This is contained in a statement issued on Thursday by acting Director of Army Public… In "News" By Sumaila Ogbaje Maiduguri - The Acting General Officer Commanding 7 Division, Nigerian Army, Brig.-Gen. Khalifa Ibrahim, says winning the war against insurgency in the North East requires the cooperation of all segments of the society. Ibrahim stated this during a media tour of the North East by Defence correspondents… In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The Nigeria Army has said in continuation of the concerted efforts of clearing cattle rustlers, armed bandits and kidnappers in the north western geo-political region, troops of 1 Division in conjunction with other  security agencies have been making tremendous progress. It is inline with this that… In "Metro"