Governor Bello Matawalle of Zamfara State has dethroned the Emir of Maru, Abubakar Chika and the District Head of Kanoma, Lawal Ahmed for supporting bandits.  The move has been hailed by the Arewa Consultative Forum who lauded Governor Bello Matawalle of Zamfara State for sacking the Emir of Maru, Abubakar Chika and the District Head of Kanoma, Lawal Ahmed, over alleged involvement in banditry in the state. The ACF commendation was contained in a statement issued by its National Publicity Secretary, Emmanuel Yawe, and made available to journalists in Kaduna. According to the statement, the body was particularly happy with the governor for taking the bold step in naming collaborators of banditry in the state, as it earlier called upon the governor to do so. The statement said: “We are happy to note that the government of Zamfara has acted appropriately. “A soldier and his girlfriend have been arrested in Zamfara for supplying arms and military uniforms to bandits. The deputy chief of staff to the Zamfara state governor who represented him at a press conference said the arrest followed information supplied by community-based intelligence. “The governor has also approved the removal of Emir of Maeu, Abubakar China and the district head of Kanoma, Lawal Ahmed for allegedly giving support for bandits responsible for hundreds of deaths. “The Emir and the district head have been on suspension since June last year and were under investigation which found them guilty of the complaints from their subjects that they were collaborating with bandits and kidnappers. “We of the ACF congratulate the Zamfara State government led by Bello Matawalle for these bold steps. We urge him to go ahead with the good work he is doing. The Almighty Allah who does not sleep will protect him. Nothing will happen to him.”  Source By Abubakar AhmedGusau - The Zamfara Government has announced the immediate suspension of a first class traditional ruler, the Emir of Maru, Alhaji Abubakar Ibrahim, over alleged involvement with bandits in the state.The suspension is contained in a statement signed by Mr Yusuf Idris, Director-General to the governor on Press… In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Governor of Zamfara state, Muhammad Matawalle has approved the suspension of Emir of Maru, Alhaji Abubakar Cika Ibrahim and District Head of Kanoma Alhaji Yahaya Mohammed. The  suspensions which takes immediate effect was announced yesterday in a statement signed by the Director General, Press Affairs to… In "Top Stories" By Abubakar Ahmed Gusau - The Zamfara government says it will provide 3,000 hectares of land and sink N100 million into agricultural revival schemes to attract youths into the sector. Alhaji Bello Matawalle, in a `Sallah’ message to the people on Sunday in Gusau, said that the scheme would create… In "News"