Ahead of Anambra State governorship election scheduled for November this year, the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has been urged to investigate the profile of the aspirants. The Anambra Concerned Citizens, which made the call at the weekend, also told the anti-graft agency to investigate whether the aspirants are not involved in payment of bank loans or have defaulted in taxes. The group, in a s statement by its Chairman, Paul Okeke said that the call became imperative as this is the right time to know the people that want to rule the state. The group said it was better to know them now than to be using anti-graft agency to recover the money belonging to the state after tenure. The group said: “Let the people know who want to rule them now. The EFCC should carry out investigation and check the profile of the aspirants. It is better to know the people now than to ask questions later. “The people of Anambra should know the integrity and sincerity of the people that want to rule them. The EFCC should go the extra mile to expose the mindset of these people by investigating them and show the people the character of these aspirants. “We trust the new EFCC boss to do a good work by investigating the aspirants and tell the Anambra people who the aspirants really are” Sun News ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), has said its reinvigorated anti-corruption drive has yielded tremendous results as it has secured the convictions of 140 suspects within six months. The chairman of EFCC, Ibrahim Magu, disclosed this on Thursday during the launch of 'Clean Hands' Campaign… In "News" By Bolaji Buhari   Ikeja   -      A Senior Advocate of Nigeria (SAN), Mr Femi Falana, on Sunday advised the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) to stop sealing up assets belonging to suspects of financial crimes. The lawyer gave the advice in Ikeja at the presentation of… In "News" The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, on Thursday, urged the Federal Government to establish a special prison for corrupt Nigerians in the dreaded Boko Haram-infested Sambisa forest in the Northeast. Acting Chairman of the commission, Ibrahim Magu, made the call shortly before commissioning the Kaduna zonal office and stakeholders… In "News"