The governor of Ogun State, Dapo Abiodun has approved the recruitment of casual teachers in the state.  According to the Ogun State Ministry of Education, Science and Technology, the casual teachers will work as interns for a period of two years.  The recruitment is under the Ogun State Teaching Experience Acquisition Channel (Ogun TEACh). The State Commissioner for Education, Science and Technology, Professor Abayomi Arigbabu, in a statement on Monday, said the programme is “a special intervention scheme designed to fill the existing vacancies in the Public Primary/Secondary Schools and Technical Colleges in the State.” Arigbabu said that teachers recruited through the scheme would work for a period of two years, while being paid stipends monthly. Interested applicants, according to the Commissioner, should possess an NCE, with minimum of merit in the teaching subjects; B.A (Ed)/ BSc (Ed)/B.Ed, with minimum of second class lower division in the teaching subjects). He added that those with B.A/B.Sc in any of the primary/secondary school subjects must possess Post-Graduate Diploma in Education (PGDE) from reputable universities in addition. For technical colleges, B.Tech (Ed)/ B.Sc (Ed) (Tech) and B.Sc/HND qualifications are allowed. “Applicants are expected to apply/register through the Ogun State Job Portal by logging into www.teach.ogunstate.gov.ng. The period of Online Registration shall be between Wednesday 31st March and Tuesday, 13th April, 2021. “Successful applicants to be known as TEACh interns shall be deployed to Local Government Areas in dire need of their services and will be given a stipend on monthly basis for a period of Two (2) years, after which they would be assessed on parameters ranging from expertise, commitment to duty, punctuality, respect for constituted authority and willingness to work wherever they are posted to, among others. “Outstanding Teach Interns may be considered for full employment if and when such opportunity arises after the expiration of their internship,” the statement read.  Source The NMA President, Professor Innocent Ujah, stated this in a telephone interview with one of our correspondents while commenting on government’s decision to reopen schools beginning from Monday (today). Ujah stated that although the association would not advise government not to reopen schools, he stated that authorities must ensure compliance… In "News" By Cecilia Ijuo Abuja - The Universal Basic Education Commission (UBEC), says the opening of an online application for recruitment into the Federal Teachers’ Scheme (FTS), is not fake. Dr Ossom Ossom, Public Relations Officer of the commission, confirmed this to News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Monday in Abuja,… In "News" Eight teachers in public secondary schools in Ogun State died during the first term holiday, which began on December 18 and ended on Monday, with schools resuming across the state. The Nation learnt that their pupils and colleagues were shocked and sad to discover that the affected teachers did not… In "Education"