The father of one of the 39 students kidnapped from the Federal College of Forestry Mechanisation in Mando, Kaduna, Ibrahim Shamaki, died yesterday of what sources called anguish. News of Shamaki’s death came on a day when other parents of the kidnapped students met with the state government on the fate of the abduction victims. The Nation gathered that Shamaki died apparently of anguish caused by the abduction of his daughter, Fatima Ibrahim. Fatina was identified as the girl with hijab in the video released by the bandits barely 24 hours after the abduction of the 39 students. In the video, Fatima speaking in Hausa, said the bandits threatened to kill all of them in the event of the government sending troops to rescue them. The students are spending their second week in captivity. Parents of the other kidnapped students met with officials of the state government and security chiefs yesterday in Kaduna on the fate of the abductees. The meeting was at the instance of the state government. Details of the meeting were not disclosed but it was gathered that it was attended by Internal Security and Home Affairs Commissioner, Samuel Aruwan, and top security chiefs to let the parents know that the government felt their pains and was doing its best to see to the safe release of the students. The parents had protested alleged inaction of the government in getting the students released . They had urged Governor Nasir El-Rufai to negotiate with the bandits to secure the safe release of their children. The bandits are demanding a N500 million ransom for their release. The Nation Parents of the 39 abducted students of the Federal College of Forestry Mechanisation in the Mando Igabi Local Government Area of Kaduna State, have appealed to the state governor, Nasir El-Rufai, to negotiate with the bandits to secure the release of their wards. The parents expressed grave worry that over… In "News" John Shiklam in Kaduna, Ibrahim Shuaibu in Kano, Francis Sardauna in Katsina, and Laleye Dipo in Minna No fewer than 618 schools have remained closed in six northern states over the fear of attack and abduction of pupils and members of staff, according to a tally by THISDAY. Also, barely… In "News" The Minister of State for Education, Chukwuemeka Nwajiuba, who stated this in an interview with The PUNCH on Monday, indicated that government could not secure every school in the country. According to him, government has directed schools to report any security threat to the nearest security agency. In the interview,… In "News"