Olorunnimbe Mamora, the minister of state for health has stated that Nigerians who received the COVID-19 vaccines in other countries must get tested when they arrive the country.  Mamora said this while appearing on a Channels Television program on Monday, March 1. The Minister who said that getting vaccinated does not absolutely mean that one can’t get the infection, added that those who received the vaccine abroad need to produce evidence of taking a PCR test within the estimated time limit before boarding and the test certificate and when they come into the country. He Said; “The protocol is there already. They need to produce evidence of taking a PCR test within the estimated time limit before boarding and the test certificate and when they come into the country, they would need to go into isolation and on the seventh day, they take the PCR test. “Having been vaccinated does not absolutely say that you can’t get the infection. What the vaccine guarantees is that if you get the infection, you are not likely to succumb. “The fact that you got a vaccine is no license for you to down your guard. The things that we have said will still be in place in terms of non-pharmaceutical interventions especially when we are yet to achieve herd immunity and we can’t have that until a minimum of 70 percent of the population is vaccinated.” Mamora who also disclosed that the president and other strategic leaders of the country will take the vaccines in public to boost confidence, added that frontline workers would be prioritised.  Source The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control says the country is now reaching a critical level, adding that the hospital capacity will no longer be able to cope with more serious COVID-19 cases. The Director-General of the NCDC, Dr Chikwe Ihekweazu, said this in a series of tweets on Monday while… In "Health" The National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control has ruled out the possibility of conducting a local clinical trial on the proposed N400bn vaccines before administering them on Nigerians. The agency said since the World Health Organisation had approved the vaccines there might not be need to conduct… In "News" For safe re-opening of the National Youth Service Corps orientation camps across the country, the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control has said all corps members will be tested using the new antigen-based test.     The centre disclosed that the process of procurement of the antigen-based test was almost complete.… In "Education"