The remains of a man, identified simply as John, and his girlfriend, Darasimi, have been recovered from a hotel in the Fagaba area of Lagos State.  It was gathered that the lovers might have been poisoned. John and Darasimi were said to have lodged in the hotel, but their motionless bodies were found in the hotel room. Chronicling what transpired after the corpses were discovered in a post on Instablog9ja, a source was quoted to have said that Darasimi’s sister, who came to claim her corpse, hinted that she was supposed to be in school instead of lodging in a hotel with John. “We suspect that they must have been poisoned because we found them lifeless in their hotel room. The girl’s elder sister, who came to retrieve her corpse, said her family members thought she was in school only to discover her in a hotel room with her boyfriend,” the source said. Footage attached to the post showed people weeping and lamenting the bizarre occurrence as a hearse conveyed the remains of the lovers to a mortuary. When contacted, the state Police Public Relations Officer, Muyiwa Adejobi, said it was a case of sudden and unnatural death, adding that the state Commissioner of Police had ordered the State Criminal Investigation and Intelligence Department to take over the case. Adejobi stated, “On Monday, March 8, 2021, around 8am, one Niyi Adeduro, the manager of the Rosetree Hotel located at No. 7 Akinyele Street, off Jonathan Coker Road, new Oko Oba, came to the station and reported that one John Lekan and his girlfriend, one Oluwadara, lodged in his hotel the previous night, but unfortunately, this morning (Monday) around 6am, they were found dead. “Lekan was lying in front of the room and Oluwadara was inside the car. Their corpses have been evacuated to the Mainland Hospital for autopsy. “The state Commissioner of Police, Hakeem Odumosu, has ordered the Homicide Section of the SCIID, Panti, to take over the case and carry out thorough investigation into the matter.” It was learnt that the deceased was ganged-raped by some men, who brought her to the hotel three days before she was found dead.    A young woman, whose identity is unknown has been discovered dead three days after she was allegedly gang-raped by some men in a hotel room in… In "Metro" Lagos- The Lagos State Police Command says it has yet to arrest any management staff of Paulson Hotel, Ketu, where twin brothers and their friend were murdered by a drunk policeman. The Deputy Commissioner of Police, State Criminal Investigation Department (SCID) Panti, Yaba, Mr Abiodun Odude, made the disclosure in… In "News" A 26-year-old man has reportedly stabbed his 18-year-old girlfriend in a hotel room in Yenagoa. The man took to his heels when the wailing of the victim attracted the attention of other guests in the guest house who came to her rescue. The victim was identified as Faith Pius The… In "Metro"