The federal government on Thursday said it has invested over N100 billion in the aviation sector in the last five years. The funds, according to the federal government was used for airport equipment’s, staff training, and emolument. This was disclosed in Abuja by the Minister of Aviation, Hadi Sirika during the 8th edition of the aviation workers week with the theme; ‘The challenges of COVID-19 pandemic to the Nigerian Aviation industry: The path to recovery.’ Sirika who was represented by the Minister of State for Science and Technology, Barr. Mohammed Abdullahi also said the aviation sector was key to global security. On the amount invested in the aviation sector, the minister said: “The government deployed resources to equipping state governments through various interventions. From 2015 till date, the federal government has deployed over N100 billion to develop the aviation sector. “When this government came on board in 2015, there were a number of airports projects that were abandoned, basically because of lack of fund and because of arguments over contractual obligations, so the government evaluated some of these challenges and committed funds towards that. “The funds were used for airports upgrade, procurement of equipment, training of staff, settling of relevant emolument, navigation equipment, weather equipment and so many others. So it was whole industry intervention.” The Nation Finally, the Federal Government has approved N5 billion as bailout fund to the country’s aviation sector to reduce the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on their operations.   Minister of Aviation, Senator Hadi Sirika, dropped this hint, on Monday, in Abuja, at the ongoing three-day public hearing to repeal and… In "News" THE Senate and the Federal Government disagreed sharply yesterday over the N5 billion bailout approved for airline operators and other businesses in the aviation sector to mitigate the impact of COVID-19 pandemic on their operations.   While the Senate asked the Federal Government to raise the bailout fund, saying it… In "Politics" By Naomi Sharang Abuja -The Minister of Aviation, Hadi Sirika, on Monday, said that until the forth quarter of 2021 or perhaps the first quarter of 2022, the aviation sector would continue to record sharp decline in passengers which was directly proportional to the revenue generated. This, the minister attributed… In "News"