One trader has been killed with seven others injured as bandits who disguised as buyers opened fire on traders in Abaji market, Kastina-Ala Local Government Area of Benue State. The Police Public Relations Officer in the state, DSP Sewuese Anene who confirmed the incident said the bandits were eventually repelled by the joint operation of police and other security agencies. The incident occurred at 6.30 pm when the traders were closing for the day. “At about 6.30 pm while traders were closing from Abaji market in Katsina-Ala LGA, bandits who disguised themselves as buyers started shooting sporadically and killed one person while nine others were injured. “Joint operation of police and other security agencies returned fire and repelled the bandits to the forest with gunshot injuries where they have been cordoned for search,” the police spokesperson said. He added that “corpse of the deceased has been deposited at Primary Health Care Center Abaji while injured persons are receiving medical attention at General Hospital Kastina-Ala. More patrol teams have been drafted to the scene to assist officers on ground cordon and search operation. Channels TV At least, 21 people were killed as armed bandits attacked Dangara village in Sabon Birni local government of Sokoto State on Wednesday evening. Nigerian Tribune reported that the bloody attack lasted for close to three hours, also left about twenty people injured while foodstuffs, cows and other animals were also… In "News" More than 10 people were feared killed on Wednesday evening by bandits who attacked four communities in two local government areas of Katsina State. It was learnt that dozens of the armed bandits who rode on motorcycles stormed the communities in Danmusa and Kankara council areas to commit the crime.… In "News" …Kaduna, Zamfara, Borno deadliest states…North-West deadliest zone AS flames of violence and other forms of lives guzzling insecurity flicker in many parts of the country, Nigeria has literally become a killing field. In the first six weeks of 2021, lives of no fewer than 1,525 persons have been wasted across… In "Top Stories"