Wizkid’S management team have reacted to his win at the Grammys seven days after the awards ceremony held in the United States of America. In an exclusive chat with The Nation, Wizkid’s international manager and African manager reacted to the 30-year-old artist’s win at the 63rd Grammy Awards. Wizkid’s international manager, Jada Pollock said, “Grammy Night had some well-deserved winners, but overall the biggest winner here was Africa. African music has come so far and evolved so much over the years. Seeing two of Africa’s finest artists win Grammys on the same night is historical. Wiz and Burna have set a precedent, and bring immense hope for the future of our culture. It’s amazing to see their achievements being recognised worldwide. Both Wiz and Burna continue to influence music and culture on a global scale, and the world should prepare for this movement they’re leading as there’s more where it’s coming from!” In the same vein, Wizkid’s African manager, Sunday Are said, “I’m happy for them, we want more of the Grammys because the people that are winning the Grammys do not have two heads and it’s good they are making African entertainment as a whole proud.” Wizkid won a Grammy through his collaborative effort with Beyonce on the song, ‘Brown Skin Girl in the 2019 album, Lion King: The Gift. Wizkid won the Grammy for Best Music Video. He joins other Nigerians that have won Grammy as a collaborator. Wizkid’s Grammy win is coming after a first try through his collaboration with Drake on his 2016 album, Views. In the same vein, Burna Boy won big as he clinched the Grammy Award for Best Global Music Album after a second try. The Nation Popular Nigerian singer, Davido has congratulated his colleagues, Burna Boy and Wizkid as they both bagged a Grammy award last night. The 28-year-old singer reacted to Burna Boy and Wizkid wins hours after the 63rd edition of the awards ceremony hosted by Trevor Noah on Sunday, March 14, in the… In "Entertainment" By Joshua Olomu Abuja - Nigerian Afro-fusion singer, Damini Ogulu, better known as Burna Boy, has lost the Best World Music Album trophy to Beninese ace singer, Angélique Kidjo, at the 62nd Grammy Award. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the 62nd Annual Grammy Awards ceremony, acclaimed to… In "Entertainment" Nigerians have taken to social media to attack Davido after Burna Boy and Wizkid won the Best International act and Best Africa Act respectively. Davido fans were expecting to win an award too but he won nothing. Wizkid's fans and that of Burna Boy have now taken to twitter to… In "Entertainment"