Troops of the Nigerian Air Force and the Nigerian Army have foiled a fresh attack by bandits on another secondary school, as well as a senior staff quarters around Kaduna International Airport.  A statement on Sunday by Samuel Aruwan, Kaduna State Commissioner of Internal Security and Home Affairs, said that between the late hours of Saturday night and the early hours of Sunday, suspected bandits also stormed the Government Science Secondary School, Ikara, Ikara Local Government Area, in an attempt to kidnap students. No fewer than “307 students were rescued unhurt” by troops who foiled the attempted kidnap,” according to Aruwan. He said: “Between the late hours of Saturday night and the early hours of today, suspected bandits stormed the Government Science Secondary School, Ikara, Ikara local government area, in an attempt to kidnap students. “Fortunately, the students utilized the security warning system in place, and were thus able to alert security forces in the area. The security forces comprising the troops of the Nigerian Army, Police and some security volunteers moved swiftly to the school and engaged the bandits, forcing them to flee. “The military and police are still on the trail of the armed bandits. “Following a head count by the school management, the Kaduna State Government can confirm to you that all 307 students have been verified safe and present. The attempted kidnap was foiled completely and no student was taken from the school. “The images provided by the Nigerian Army can attest to this, and will be shared with you.” The commissioner added: “Around Ifira village in Igabi Local Government Area, bandits attempted to attack a senior staff quarters around the Kaduna Airport general area.” The attempt, according to Aruwan, was also foiled as troops of the Nigerian Air Force and the Nigerian Army engaged and repelled the bandits, with several escaping with gunshot wounds. On the kidnapped 39 Federal College of Forestry Mechanization students, the commissioner said the Kaduna State Government maintains a clear focus at this time, and that is to ensure the safe return of the missing students, and to consolidate intelligence gathering and security vigilance towards forestalling possible attempts on other facilities or institutions. “The Kaduna State Government acknowledges the efforts of the security agencies in the recent rescue of 180 students in the vicinity of the Federal College of Forestry Mechanization, Afaka. These efforts have being mentioned in interviews given by some of the rescued students. “By virtue of access to the facts of the event, the Kaduna State Government extends its unequivocal solidarity to the Military, Police, Department of State Services and other security agencies, whose swift intervention prevented the bandits from abducting more persons. “The Kaduna State Government maintains a clear focus at this time, and that is to ensure the safe return of the missing students, and to consolidate intelligence gathering and security vigilance towards forestalling possible attempts on other facilities or institutions. “As a Government, our focus is on getting back our missing students and preventing further episodes of school abductions. We will continue to provide updates as further information becomes available,” the commissioner said. •PHOTO: Samuel Aruwan, Kaduna State Commissioner of Internal Security and Home Affairs, flanked by the leadership of NUJ, Kaduna State Council, during the press briefing in NUJ Kaduna Secretariat. PHOTO: Garba Muhammad / News Express Nigeria.  Source Security operatives have escorted students of the Federal College of Forestry Mechanisation in Kaduna State to pick their belongings and vacate the premises. The students arrived at the school on Saturday morning on military trucks while some parents were on the ground to receive their children and take them home.… In "News" Gunmen have killed three persons in separate attacks in Kaduna. They killed a driver and caused accidents, which left many injured on Monday night. The bandits were however repelled by security operatives from kidnapping any of the travellers. But they regrouped around 2:00am on Tuesday and descended on Maigiginya community… In "News" The Armed Forces of Nigeria and other security agencies have continued their major operations across the country with renewed vigor. I will be updating you on the operations in line with our weekly schedule. This briefing covers from 31 December 2020 to 6 January 2021. NORTH-WEST ZONE Troops of Operation… In "News"