According to a report by The PUNCH, some soldiers have killed unknown hoodlums wearing black attires during an encounter in Aba.  A high-level army personnel, who spoke on condition of anonymity, told The PUNCH that the event happened Tuesday evening. According to the source, army got an information that “the hoodlums were going to attack one of our locations. “We actually placed our men on red alert and they came numbering between 79 to 100 and all in black. They met resistance.” The source disclosed that pump action guns, sharp cutlasses and live catridges were recovered from them. The source disclosed that about 11 hoodlums were killed in the gun battle, while there were no arrests. It was gathered that soldiers of the 144 Battalion,l were stationed at Ariaria junction along the Enugu–Port Harcourt Expressway, where the confrontation happened. This incident came 48 hours after three policemen were ambushed and murdered by hoodlums in Abiriba, in Ohafia council area of the state, The PUNCH reports. According to a source, as soon as the gunmen arrived, they opened fire, but the soldiers responded. The gun duel was said to have lasted for over 30 minutes, while other members of the gang reportedly fled with bullet wounds, while there was no casualty on the side of the army. Efforts to get the state Commissioner for Information, John Okiyi Kalu, and the state Commissioner of Police, Jane Agbede, to react proved abortive.   “I have personally seen seven corpses; three corpses at Atewolara Junction, two corpses at Way Street, opposite Oando Filing Station, and two corpses at Oduwoye Junction, opposite the market. Soldiers are in the area to douse the tension and some of the corpses were evacuated by them, while some… In "News" The Inspector-General of Police, Mr Mohammed Adamu, will on Friday begin visits to the police commands across the country to boost the morale of officers and men of the Nigeria Police Force.   The PUNCH on Thursday gathered that the morale of members of the force was low following the… In "News" The Indigenous Peoples of Biafra (IPOB) on Thursday demanded for the release of 27 pro-Biafra agitators being held by the Nigerian Army and Police. The group said although the detainees are not IPOB members, they deserve freedom from endless molestation by the security agents. IPOB Media and Publicity Secretary Emma… In "News"