An 80-year-old herder arrested after his herd of cows destroyed farm products has been released after paying compensation. He was told to go and sin no more. There is a ban on open grazing in Ondo State. But, Plateau State-born Danji Ibrahim, who lives in Kogi State, annually moves his cow from his base in Kogi to Osun State – passing through Ondo State – to graze during the dry season. At the outset of wet season, he returns to Kogi with his cattle. He was arrested by Ondo State Amotekun operatives at Ero Village in Ifedore local government after his cows ate up crops at Mrs. Aishat Ali’s farm. Speaking on how he was arrested, Ibrahim said: “My boy and I tried to rest in the early hours of the day while on our way from Osun State. “But, a woman came out and nagged at us. The cows got out of the compound and moved to the expressway. “Before I knew what was happening, the vehicle of the security agency arrived. “My boy, who is younger and smarter, took to his heels. But, there was nothing a man of my age could do. I tried to hide somewhere, but I was caught and brought to the headquarters of the corps.” The owner of the farm, Mrs. Ali, said the herders usually brought their cows to destroy farmlands in the community. She said: “When their cows destroyed our farms last year, they promised to pay us, but they didn’t fulfil their promise. “A few days ago, they came back with their cows. I called the Amotekun operatives, who apprehended them. Now, we have resolved everything and they have compensated us.” Ondo Amotekun Commander, Chief Adetunji Adeleye, said the herder and his cows would be released since compensation had been paid. The Nation Operatives of the Ondo State Security Network codenamed Amotekun Corps on Wednesday arrested an 80-year-old herder, Mr. Dauji Ibrahim, for destroying farmland at Ero village in Ifedore Local Government. Ibrahim was going to Kogi State from Osun State when he and others stopped to rest at a farm in Ero.… In "News" The Ondo State Security Network also known as the Amotekun Corps on Thursday confirmed that some herdsmen have started leaving the state’s forest reserves for other neighbouring states. It said those that agreed to leave could not cope with the terms and conditions of the state government. The Amotekun Corps… In "News" State governments on Thursday differed on ranching for herdsmen as a solution to killings and kidnappings by herders. Officials of Oyo, Cross River, Kogi, Enugu, Ondo and Ekiti state governments in separate interviews with The PUNCH, said their states had no plans to establish ranches for herdsmen. But their counterparts… In "News"