South Africa’s Zulu King Goodwill Zwelithini kaBhekuZulu passed away on Friday. Prince Mangosuthu Buthelezi, Inkatha Freedom Party founder and Traditional Prime Minister to the Zulu Monarchy and Nation, confirmed the news in a statement issued on Friday. “It is with the outmost grief that I inform the nation of the passing of His Majesty,” Buthelezi said in the statement. Buthelezi said the king’s health worsened after being admitted to an intensive care unit in a private hospital recently. “Tragically, while still in hospital, his majesty health took a turn for the worse and he subsequently passed away,” he said. Buthelezi thanked people for their continued support and prayers provided to the family. “On behalf of the Royal Family, we thank the nation for your continued prayers in this difficult time.” King Zwelithini was born on July 14, 1948 in KwaZulu-Natal. He was appointed to the throne after his father’s death in 1968 when he was just a 20-year-old student at the time. He made history as the longest-serving monarch of the Zulu Kingdom — with a reign spanning over five decades. (Xinhua/NAN) Johannesburg,   -      South Africa’s land redistribution drive will not affect communal lands controlled by tribal chiefs, President Cyril Ramaphosa said on Friday, in a bid to defuse growing tensions over the issue. On Wednesday Zulu King Goodwill Zwelithini warned of possible violence if the state tried to expropriate communal lands… In "Foreign" JOHANNESBURG  - South African President Jacob Zuma summoned cabinet ministers to a meeting in Cape Town on Tuesday, eNCA television reported, as pressure builds on the embattled 75-year-old leader to quit. Zuma normally holds cabinet meetings on Wednesdays. It was not immediately clear why Zuma had summoned the meeting a… In "Foreign" ABUJA,  - A Nigerian group called for the International Criminal Court (ICC) on Thursday to investigate Zulu King Goodwill Zwelithini for "hate speech" blamed for a wave of violence against immigrants in South Africa. South Africa this week deployed soldiers to try to quell anti-immigrant unrest that has killed at… In "News"