The Nigerian Army has rubbished an online report which alleges that candidates from the North dominated the list of those successful for the Short Service Commission 47 Selection Board. The Army, in a statement on Wednesday, said it strictly complies with the Federal Character policy, adding that an equal number of candidates were selected from each state of the federation except in rare instances. This was disclosed in a statement titled ‘Disclaimer: Re- North Dominates Nigerian Army Recruitment,’ signed by the Director, Army Public Relations, Brigadier General Mohammed Yerima. The statement read, “The publication alleged that the list of successful candidates for Short Service Commission 47 Selection Board which was published on 26 Mar 21 was dominated by the North while the South East had the fewest candidates. It is pertinent to state that the Nigerian Army strictly complies with the Federal Character policy. “Accordingly, an equal number of eight candidates were selected from each state of the federation except in rare instances where a state did not have the required number of eligible candidates to fill its 8 vacancies. In such an instance, the vacancy will be filled by a contiguous state from the same Geopolitical Zone. “Following this number allocated per state, the South East which is made up of five states was entitled to 40 candidates. However, two extra vacancies were allocated to the geopolitical zone thereby making a total of 42 candidates instead of 40. North Central for instance has seven states (FCT inclusive). Taking 8 candidates from each state in geopolitical zone gives a total of 56 in addition to two extra vacancies as was also allocated to the South East gave the total of 58 candidates. “It is therefore quite uncharitable and blatantly divisive for any media organisation to whip up sentiments from such a straight forward exercise conducted by the Nigerian Army in the best interest of the Nation. The General public including media practitioners are encouraged to always seek clarification from Army Headquarters whenever in doubt on any issue rather than rushing to publish reports that would be defamatory to the image of the Nigerian Army and injurious to Nigeria’s unity.” Source: Theeagleonline.com The Nigerian Army (NA) wishes to inform the general public that the Computer Based Pre-Selection Examination for Short Service Combatant 47/2020 (SSC 47) and Direct Short Service Commission 26/2020 (DSSC 26) will hold on Saturday 14 November 2020 in 15 centres across the nation. Candidates are advised to check their… In "News" The Nigerian Army Pre-Screening Examination Result 2015 for Tradesmen/Women & Non-Tradesmen/Women is now out. Candidates that participated in the Pre-Screening examination are hereby informed to check their results online. The result of the pre screening exam held on Saturday, 18 April, 2015 for Tradesmen/Women & Non-Tradesmen/Women has been released following… In "News" Abuja, Jan. 20, 2015 (NAN) The Nigerian Army said it did not have the original, certified true copy or statement of results of retired Maj.-Gen. Muhammadu Buhari, the All Progressives Congress (APC) [pro_ad_display_adzone id="10"]Presidential Candidate for the February general elections. Director of Army Public Relations, Brig-. Gen. Olajide Laleye, said… In "News"