A fatal accident occurred on Saturday in Azare, Katagum Local Government Area, Bauchi State leading to the loss of ten lives and others badly injured. Mr Yusuf Abdullahi, Sector Commander, Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) in Bauchi State, who disclosed this in an interview with newsmen said the accident which occurred at about 2:30 pm also left 12 others with serious injuries. He explained that the accident happened when a motorcycle conveying four passengers rammed into an incoming Toyota Hiace hummer bus, belonging to Gombe line express. According to him, the passengers on the motorcycle lost their lives instantly. Abdullahi said six people also lost their lives in the bus and that their corpses had been taken to the Federal Medical Centre (FMC), Azare. He said those injured were taken to New Jama’are Clinic in Azare for treatment. “Out of the 12 people that were injured, we have six male adults, three female adults, one male child and two female children,” he said. He further advised that drivers endeavour to install the device to curtail the accidents that take place on the roads. Source By Lucy Osuizigbo-Okechukwu   Awka -  A female motorcycle passenger has been confirmed dead in an accident involving a bus and a motorcycle at Ichida in Igboukwu, along Igboukwu-Nnewi road in Auguata Local Government Area of Anambra State. Mr Andrew Kumapayi, the Sector Commander of the Federal Road Safety Corps… In "News" By Abiodun Lawal Abeokuta - No fewer than nine persons were confirmed dead on Saturday while 12 others sustained various degrees of injuries in a separate accidents around Ijebu Ife axis on Sagamu – Ijebu -Ode – Benin  expressway. Mr Clement Oladele,  Sector Commander,  Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) in… In "Metro" Eight people died while six others sustained injuries, with six other escaping unhurt when a Volkswagen Sharon commercial vehicle rammed into a bus on Wudil-Bauchi highway on Thursday. The accident happened at Dakare village in the Garko Local Government Area of Kano State. The Sector Commander of the Federal Road… In "News"