As a dietitian, this project (Cafe 23) is very important to me because I have passion for this, the least I can do is put all my energy into this. The age is important to me as well because a lot happened last year so I named it after last year. This is my new baby,” says BBNaija Alumna, Lilo Aderogba after throwing the doors of her new restaurant open.  The reality show star went further in explaining her observations about eating healthy and opening up the restaurant. “Nigerians we are lucky to have a lot of healthy foods which is why sometimes unconsciously we eat healthy food because we eat a lot of vegetables but I feel like generally, we don’t pay attention to what we eat, we are nonchalant about what we eat and that is what Cafe 23 will offer,” she said. Lilo further said the outbreak of COVID-19 brought a lot of changes to life as we lived and saw it, especially in the aspect of fitness. “The Coronavirus is a wicked virus that takes its toll on the human immune system. Hence, for people who have contacted the virus or people who want to build up their immune system as security against the virus, Café 23 is here to fill your needs.” Lilo, a fitness enthusiast, style influence, content creator, and wellness specialist became popular after appearing on the 2020 edition of the BBNaija. Former housemate of the ongoing BBNaija show Lilo has warned that Nigerians to be careful of people like Vee. This comes after she realized that Vee who was her closest friend was among those who voted her out of the show. The two were close owing to the closeness between… In "Entertainment" Eric, the Evicted Big Brother Naija housemate has given reasons he didn’t pursue a relationship with Wathoni. Eric who was evicted last Sunday told Ebuka in an interview that their age differences stopped him from having a romantic relationship with her. “I like Wathoni, it’s just the age that stopped… In "Entertainment" Evicted Big Brother Naija housemate, Lilo Aderogba on Sunday claimed that her lover in the house, Eric took advantage of her weakness. She made this known in her first interview with Ebuka Obi-Uchendu. Lilo disclosed that she feels happy leaving the BBnaija House because her relationship with fellow housemate, Eric… In "Entertainment"