Super Eagles forward, Kelechi Iheanacho has been rewarded for his prolific form last month after being named as the Premier League’s Player of the Month for March 2021.  He outclassed Harry Kane, Luke Shaw, Jesse Lingard, Riyad Mahrez, Andreas Christensen, Leandro Trossard and Illan Meslier to the award. Kelechi Iheanacho scored five goals in three league appearances for Brendan Rodgers’ side, as he re-emerged as a quality striking option for the Foxes since the turn of the year. He began the month in fine style, scoring an excellent volley from compatriot Wilfred Ndidi’s pass as Leicester City snatched a draw away at Burnley. Iheanacho continued his goalscoring form three days later, netting an equaliser against Brighton & Hove Albion. The Foxes would go on to win the game thanks to a late goal by Daniel Amartey. But it was the following fixture where the Nigerian really shone. Up against a managerless Sheffield United side, Iheanacho bagged a hat-trick. He opened the scoring with a tap in from Jamie Vardy’s low cross and later got his second after another Vardy assist. The Leicester striker completed his hat-trick with 12 minutes remaining, slamming in at the near post from long range.  Source Saturday was a great day for Nigerian striker, Kelechi Iheanacho. Not only did the former most sought after youngster in world football score a rare goal for Leicester City, his all round game elicited applause from even the hard to please Paul Le Guen. And now, the Super Eagles’ forward… In "Sports" ABUJA - Ex-International, Celestine Babayaro, on Thursday in Abuja made a case for the inclusion of Kelechi Iheanacho in the Super Eagles team. The former Super Eagles’ defender told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) that Coach Stephen Keshi should give the Manchester City youngster, Iheanacho, a chance in the… In "Sports" LAGOS -Some soccer fans on Saturday described as regrettable the exclusion of Super Eagles winger, Ahmed Musa and Nigerian Manchester City youngster, Kelechi Iheanacho, from the country`s U-23 squad for the Rio Olympics. They told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos that the exclusion of the in-form duo… In "Sports"