Nollywood actress, Ashabi Ayantunde aka Iya Ife has passed away barely 48 hours after the death of her colleague, Bruno Iwuoha. Iya Ife had passed away on Sunday evening, April 11, 2021, in Ile Ife, Osun State. The late Iya Ife passed away after a brief illness that lasted only one week, sources claim. “She fell sick last week and she was taken to Ile-Ife, Osun State before she died yesterday (Sunday) evening. May Her Soul Rest in Peace,” a colleague informed. The death of the actress popular amongst Nollywood films with Yoruba as a major language was made known by the Theater Arts And Motion Pictures Association of Nigeria, TAMPAN. The late actress was a member of the professional body and is popular in the Oshodi-Isolo branch. The news of Iya Ife’s death has thrown the entire TAMPAN led by Bolaji Amusan aka Mr. Latin into a mourning state. Iya Ife didn’t produce a film of her own before passing away but had featured in several films that include Oro Aye, Terror, Atidade Kinihun, Afefe, Onibara Aje, Olori, Old Soja and Ogbologbo. The Nation Abe Ishola Monsurat Olabisi, a Yoruba actress widely known as ‘Bisket’ has passed away. Another Yoruba actress and a member of TAMPAN, Olabisi Monsurat Abe Ishola has passed away on March 30, 2019. [Facebook/Abe Ishola Olabisi Monsurat] Bisket, according to her friend, passed away on Saturday, March 30, 2019, 10… In "News" It is double tragedy for the family of a late Nollywood actress following the sad passing of the woman's older brother just days after her death. Steve Onishola, older brother of late actress Folake Aremu, popularly known as Orisabunmi, died after a brief illness. Mr Onishola was the technical director… In "Entertainment" Nigerian actress, Jennifer Omole, passed on in Spain on 3rd January 2020, at the age of 33. She was buried the following evening at Villarejo de Salvanes, Madrid. The sad news about Jennifer’s death was shared by her close friend and colleague, Uche Ogbodo, on Instagram. Omole was a member… In "Entertainment"