•Prof. Chukwuma Soludo LAGOS (Sundiata Post) – The Igbo Progressive Union (IPU) has condemned the attack on Professor Chukwuma Soludo, a former Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) and currently an APGA governorship aspirant in the 6 November 2021 election in Anambra State. In a statement signed by Ego Ngorka, IPU’s special adviser on media and publicity, the group condoled with the families of the  policemen that lost their lives in the attack on Soludo. Soludo had been attacked by gunmen on Wednesday at a political gathering when he was addressing youths in Isuofia community.Three police officers attached to Soludo were killed during the attack. The full statement by IPU reads: “The Igbo Progressives Union Worldwide condemns the recent attack on the former governor of the  Central Bank of Nigeria, Prof Charles Soludo and the killing of three police officers attached to him while holding a Town Hall  meeting at his country home in Isuofia in Aguata Local Government Area of  Anambra State. “We commisserate with the Government and people of Anambra State over this ugly development.Our hearts go to the families of the gallant Police Officers who died defending their principal. We are dismayed and highly disturbed by this attempt to introduce thuggery, hooliganism and assassination  to the political lexicon in Anambra State.We know, nevertheless, that Anambrarians will muster the necessary resolve to  resist this under the purposeful leadership of Governor Willie Obiano who will not allow the state to descend into anarchy and political brigandage. “The security agencies in the state should make these agents of darkness to know that their mission is dead on arrival and that any form of terrorism will not be accepted. The security agencies should also go after them and their sponsors and bring them to justice so that other like-minded persons may learn.” A couple of minutes ago, unknown gunmen disrupted an interactive session between Isuofia youths and a former Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria, Prof Chukwuma Soludo at the town’s civic centre. Two policemen were reportedly shot dead. There is a serious stampede now in Afuzo area of Isuofia which… In "News" Twenty-four hours after gunmen attacked a former Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria, Prof Chukwuma Soludo, he said the operation lasted for more than 10 minutes. Bandits had opened fire during a town hall meeting at the Isuofia community in Aguata Local Government Area of Anambra State, killing three… In "News" Former Central Bank Governor, Prof Chukwuma Soludo, is safe, the Commissioner of Police in Anambra State, Monday Kuryas, has said. Kuryas spoke on Channels Television, after gunmen attacked Soludo on Wednesday and killed three of his police orderlies. The incident happened in Soludo’s home town in Isiofia in the Aguata… In "News"