The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB) has revealed that it has announced a new feature in the ongoing registration for the 2021 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME).  The exam body in a statement issued on Thursday by its Head of Media and Protocol, Fabian Benjamin, said the feature, ‘Know Your Registration Officer,’ aims to fortify the registration process. According to Benjamin, the new feature will also guard candidates against abuse and manipulation. Benjamin further noted that candidates who are applying for the 2021 UTME, which is due to close on 15th May 2021 are advised to immediately raise an alarm the moment they find out that the picture on the screen doesn’t match the face of the person registering them. “To further fortify the registration process and ensure that candidates know where and who is registering them for the 2021 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination Board( UTME) and Direct Entry (DE) exercise, the Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board(JAMB) has made provisions for the image of the Registration Officer to be displayed at the corner of the screen being used to register the candidate besides his biometric details that had been captured. “Candidates registering for the 2021 UTME/DE exercise are urged to ensure that the picture shown on the corner of the screen is the same person registering them. If the picture does not match the face of the Registration Officer, candidates should immediately raise the alarm as such a person is not authorised to register them or they are in a completely unauthorised registration outlet. “This measure is in addition to several others put in place to guide against manipulation, abuse and exploitation of candidates as well as forestalling examination malpractices. “The Board’s innovations, including this one which comes with some little changes and additions to its processes, are to make the system better and fortified against those who are working non-stop to take advantage of the system. “It is, therefore, required of candidates who are the major stakeholders in the process, to monitor the process as they are being registered and adhere to extant instructions, rules and regulations,” the statement said.  Source The Joint Admissions and Matriculations Board (JAMB) says it has concluded all arrangements to commence the sale of 2021/2022 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME) and Direct Entry (DE) registration forms. The board disclosed this in its Vol. 2, No. 15 Weekly Bulletin of the Office of the Registrar and made… In "Education" •Candidates in an examination hall The National Identification Number (NIN) is now more important than ever to candidates planning to take the Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME) as they would not be able to register without it. However, enrolling for the NIN is not a tea party, reports KOFOWOROLA BELO-OSAGIE… In "Features" By Chinyere Nwachukwu   Lagos,   -     The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB) on Friday warned prospective candidates to adhere strictly to the registration procedure for the 2019 UTME to avoid creating issues for themselves. The Board’s Head, Media and Information, Dr Fabian Benjamin gave the warning in an interview… In "News"