ENUGU – In the early hours of Wednesday, unidentified gunmen attacked Adani Police Divisional headquarters in Uzo-Uwani Local Government Area of Enugu State. Mr Hassan Yahaya, the Commander, Nsukka Area Command, confirmed the incident to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) and said he was already in Adani to see things for himself. “Yes, there was an attack on Adani police division on early Wednesday morning. “I am there now to see things for myself, access level of destruction and know casualties,” he said. A source from the area who pleaded anonymity told NAN in Nsukka on Wednesday that two police officers were killed and some others injured while the police division was razed down. “We started hearing sporadic gunshots around 2.am on Wednesday morning which created fear and panic in the area. “We don’t know who the gunmen were because the incident happened in the night. “It is day break that we discovered that the attack is on Adani Police Division, two policemen were killed and some others injured as well as the station burnt,” he said. Efforts by NAN to get further comment from Mr Daniel Ndukwe, the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) in Enugu State on the incident was unsuccessful as many phone calls to his mobile cellphone were neither picked nor returned. Meanwhile, there has been series of attacks on security formations in the South East especially police commands in Anambra, Ebonyi and Imo States. However, the attack on Divisional Police headquarters, Adani is the first to be recorded in Enugu State after the EndSARS last October. (NAN) •Enugu State Police Commissioner Mohammed Aliyu  About five unknown gunmen on Tuesday night attacked Ogboro-Eke-Abugu village Ibagwa-Ani in Nsukka Local Government Area of Enugu state, killed one, and injured two people. An eyewitness who pleaded anonymity told Daily Sun in Nsukka on Wednesday that the gunmen stormed the village around 9pm Tuesday… In "Metro" Nsukka -  Enugu State Police Command has confirmed the release of Mr Stephen Ogbobe, who was allegedly abducted by suspected Fulani herdsmen on Saturday along Nsukka/Adani road. Mr Ebere Amarizu, the command’s Police Public Relation Officer (PPRO) confirmed the release of Ogbode, an auditor with Enugu State Government, on Wednesday… In "Metro" By Friday Idachaba Lokoja - Unknown gunmen in the early hours of Wednesday invaded Agbudu community in Kogi-Koton-Karfe Local Government area, killing 14 persons and injuring six. The state Police Commissioner, Ede Ayuba, who disclosed this while briefing newsmen at the command headquarters in Lokoja, said he got the report… In "Metro"