The Igbo Community Association in Ughelli, Delta State, has emphasised the need for peaceful co-existence among Nigerians irrespective of tribe, religion or region. The association made the call on the back drop of rising cases of insecurity and the agitation for secession in some quarters of the country. Speaking during a courtesy call on the chairman of Ughelli North Local Government Area, Godwin Adode, the association chairman, Chuks Okonkwo noted that there cannot be meaningful development if insecurity persisted. Okonkwo noted that peaceful co-existence would promote healthy relationship among natives and settlers in any part of the country. He therefore pledged, on behalf of members of the Igbo Community Association, to partner to the council in areas of enhancing security and economic development of the locality. Receiving his visitors, Adode thanked the community, adding that the Igbos were very supportive throughout his first term in office and towards his return for a second term. While urging them to conduct their businesses peacefully in the area, he said his administration would support and work with any group or tribe that is ready to partner with the council in the overall residents. Sun News Warri (Delta) -   Mr Uche Secondus, National Chairman, Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has urged the All Progressives Congress (APC) governors to emulate their PDP counterparts, who were busy developing their states through grassroots-oriented projects. Secondus gave the advice on Saturday at the inauguration of the 8.4 kilometres reconstructed Ughelli-Afiesere-Ofuoma… In "Politics" The Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria MACBAN in the Southeast, says it will always promote peace with their host Communities The Chairman of the group in Southeast, Alhaji Gidado Siddiki, said Thursday that they were committed to delivering on their promise of peace and unity in in the… In "News" YENAGOA (Sundiata Post) - Bayelsa State Govern­or, Henry Seriake Di­ckson, has called on the people of Biogb­olo community in Yen­agoa to sheath their swords and maintain a cordial relations­hip with their Igbo tenants. According to him, the state go­vernment has to arre­st and prosecute the suspect who murdered a teenage… In "News"