The Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps on Friday paraded eight fake naval officers on an illegal escort in Port Harcourt, Rivers State. The impersonators were paraded alongside 29 suspected oil thieves. The NSCDC Commandant in the state, Muktar Lawal, disclosed this while parading the suspects and seized trucks before journalists at the command’s headquarters in Port Harcourt Lawal stated “Today (Friday), the command is parading 37 suspected oil thieves, 13 trucks, 18 drums containing suspected adulterated stolen petroleum products, one bus, five cars, one pumping machine, 37 pieces of suspected vandalised railway clips, four suspected railway slippers, a cylinder and a torchlight suspected to be used for act of vandalism. “On April 9, 2021, the Nigeria Navy Ship Pathfinderz Rumuolumeni, Port Harcourt, handed over eight suspects to the command arrested for alleged naval impersonation and illegal escort duty onboard a security boat MV SANDUST.” While noting that the arrested suspects were being investigated for possible prosecution, he restated the corps’ commitment to protecting the nation’s critical assets and infrastructure. He added, “The fight against vandalism along the rail tracks and all oil installations in Rivers State is still ongoing and will not stop until vandals stay off the critical national assets and infrastructure in the state.” Lawal also said the NSCDC had deployed 2,500 operatives for the local government election on Saturday to complement the efforts of the police in ensuring peace and order before, during and after the exercise.(Punch). By Desmond Ejibas Onne (Rivers) - The Nigerian Navy on Friday said it arrested seven alleged impostors parading themselves as security personnel in Port Harcourt. Cdr. Murtala Rogo, Base Operations Officer, Nigerian Navy Ship (NNS) Pathfinder, Port Harcourt, said this whsn handing over the suspects to the Nigerian Security and… In "Metro" By Desmond Ejibas Bonny (Rivers) - The Nigerian Navy says it has arrested nine suspects at the Bonny waterways in Rivers, in connection with smuggling of undisclosed quantity of crude oil.Capt. Adegoke Ebo, the Executive Officer, Nigerian Navy Ship (NNS) Pathfinder, Port Harcourt, disclosed this on Friday in Bonny, while… In "News" Port Harcourt -  The Nigerian Navy in Port Harcourt on Sunday said it seized two wooden boats used in conveying 100,000 litres of suspected illegally refined diesel worth N20.4 million in Rivers. The Nigerian Navy Ship (NNS) Pathfinder’s Base Operations Officer, Cdr. Ugochukwu Ajulu, told newsmen that three suspects were… In "Metro"