According to a report by Daily Trust, many residents of Geidam town in Yobe State no longer have network on their phones as Boko Haram fighters have razed the masts of Airtel and MTN in the town.  Geidam is the home town of the Acting Inspector General of Police, Usman Alkali Baba and the immediate former governor of the state, Ibrahim Geidam. The attackers first struck on Friday evening but they took cover following air strikes from the military. Ali Maina, one of the residents, said after the Air Force jet which hovered around the town left, the insurgents returned. He added that “they wreaked havoc on the town this morning. We can see buildings burning and they forced several shops opened carting away food items. “We are more frightened this time around, because we don’t know their mission. We are cut off from both MTN and Airtel services obviously they have tampered with the system. “We are currently at the mercy of God praying for protection, they have more than 15 Hilux vehicles. Security forces need to do more to tackle this attacks.” Meanwhile, the Police spokesman, Yobe State command, Dungus Abdulkarim, has confirmed the attack. He said letters with mixture of both Arabic and Hausa inscriptions, advocating the establishment of Islamic State, were dropped all over the town by the insurgents. The insurgents had attacked the town in February and abducted three officers of the Nigerian Custom service.  Source Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Gunmen suspected to be Boko Haram/ISWAP insurgents have attacked Geidam town in Yobe State Wednesday evening.A resident of the town, who did not permit his name to be published, confirmed the incident when he said, “suspected Boko Haram insurgents have infiltrated our town in a convoy… In "News" Suspected Boko Haram terrorists have abducted three officers of the Nigeria Custom Services in Yobe state. The three officers, according to sources, were kidnapped by the insurgents following Wednesday’s attack on Geidam town in Yobe State. Some of the residents, who spoke to The Nation, informed the insurgents burnt an… In "News" ABUJA -   Boko Haram jihadists overran a military base in northeast Nigeria after a ferocious firefight, military and vigilante sources said Sunday, the second assault on the country’s forces in two days. The militants on Saturday evening invaded a base holding hundreds of soldiers in Yobe state — where… In "Top Stories"