Governor Nasir El-Rufai has revealed why his state is now a target for bandits.  According to the Kaduna state Governor, his government’s refusal to give bandits money is the reason why the state is now being targeted.  El-Rufai who appeared on a Channels Television Programme on Sunday April 4, said the recent bandits’ attacks on communities in the state were a result of the government’s decision that it would not negotiate with them. He said; “We have a feeling that the renewed attacks in Kaduna are not unconnected to the position that we have taken as a government that we will not negotiate with criminals. “We will not give them any money and they will not make any profit from Kaduna; anyone that comes to Kaduna will not get a penny from the state government, except he will get a bullet instead.” The Governor also said the security challenges being witnessed in the north-west region of the country have been existing for some years and gradually evolving and getting worse with time Expressing confidence in military wiping out the bandits from the region, El-Rufai added that government would continue to protect the people of the state and their properties, no matter the antics of the armed men. He added; “The bandits and their leaders decided to collectively target Kaduna State because of the position we have taken that we will not negotiate with them, that we will not give them a penny of taxpayers’ money and whoever comes to Kaduna for banditry or kidnapping will most likely end up dead.”  Source Parents of the 39 abducted students of the Federal College of Forestry Mechanisation in the Mando Igabi Local Government Area of Kaduna State, have appealed to the state governor, Nasir El-Rufai, to negotiate with the bandits to secure the release of their wards. The parents expressed grave worry that over… In "News" Kaduna - Kaduna State chapter of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) has told the State governor, Nasir El-rufai to wake up from slumber as the chief security officer of the State to deal decisively with the security challenges across the State. In a statement by the State Publicity Secretary of… In "News" Kaduna State Governor, Nasir el-Rufai, says Southern Kaduna leaders accusing him of taking sides want to be “appeased” but notes that his administration will not grease the palms of trouble-makers. “I have no time for nonsense. I will not appease criminals. I will not appease idle people who have nothing… In "News"