Gunmen kidnapped three students of the Federal University of Agriculture, Makurdi, on Saturday, the police said on Monday. Police spokesperson in Benue, DSP Catherine Anene, told newsmen that the students were kidnapped at about 10.20 p.m. while studying close to a school hall.  She said full investigations of the crime had started to track the kidnappers. “Information was received from the school authority that on April24, at about 10.20 p.m. some unknown men kidnapped three students who were studying. “We received that information and we are on it. I know that we are very close. We will continue to do our best to ensure that we get to the root of this crime. “For now, my advice to parents of the students is that they should remain calm. We are doing our best to ensure that they get their children back,’’ she said. Anene declined to comment on whether the kidnappers had contacted the school authorities or the parents of the victims or not. A student who claimed to have witnessed the incident said the heavily-armed kidnappers came on foot to the Engineering Department from where they took the victims into the bush. The school management already suspended lectures and assured students of their safety while in school. The vice-chancellor, Prof. Richard Kimbir, also confirmed the kidnap.  (NAN) By Emmanuel Antswen Makurdi - The Benue Police Command said on Monday that gunmen have kidnapped the Provost, College of Education, Katsina Ala, Mr Tsavwua Gborigyo. The State Police Public Relations Office, DSP Catherine Anene, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Makurdi that the provost was abducted during… In "News" By Emmanuel Antswen Makurdi - The Benue Police Command said on Monday that gunmen have kidnapped the Provost, College of Education, Katsina Ala, Mr Tsavwua Gborigyo. The State Police Public Relations Office, DSP Catherine Anene, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Makurdi that the provost was abducted during… In "News" By Mike Odiegwu YENAGOA - Unidentified kidnappers have whisked away three female students of the Bayelsa State College of Health Technology, Otuogidi, Ogbia Local Government Area, Bayelsa State. It was gathered that the final year students of Environmental Science were kidnapped by their assailants at about 11am on Monday and… In "News"