By CHIDIEBUBE OKEOMA The Senate Minority leader, Enyinnaya Abaribe, on Wednesday, alleged that President Muhammadu Buhari was steering the country to war and disintegration. Abaribe, who represents Abia Central, attributed the spates of insecurity and killings in all parts of the country to “Buhari’s policy of nepotism and sectionalism”. The lawmaker, who spoke in his keynote address at 2021 law week of the Owerri Branch of the Nigeria Bar Association, said that the president’s “enthronement of sectionalism and nepotism has led to the country to be on freefall.” The opposition senator stated that the “ethnic triumphalism of President Buhari’s tribesmen, Fulani, has equally helped in fueling disintegration of the country.” Abaribe said, “In my interactions with Nigerians across all divides and classes, you get the impression that Nigerians do not want to go to war. You also get the impression that Nigerians don’t want to be divided into many mini countries today. “But, Nigerians are being pushed to the wall by two things: Nepotism and sectionalism of this government and ethnic triumphalism that is going on; importing people from outside Nigerian who come into this country and decimating people in this country and no effort is being made to tackle the problem because some people think they are of a particular religion or ethnic nationality. “Under the watch of the present government, Fulani militia are on a mission of conquest all over Nigeria. By infiltrating and trying to take over every region of this country, we have had to witness killings of natives, women raped, farmlands destroyed, kidnappings of citizens all over the country and forests forcefully occupied. “The security forces that should offer protection seem to rather act as if they are in collusion with the criminals and this invading army being treated with seeming indifference. “Nigerians who bear the brunt of these attacks daily, lose hope in the idea of unity of the nation.” (PUNCH) By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Former Secretary to the Government of the Federation and former Senate President, Anyim Pius Anyim has eulogised Senator Enyinnaya Abaribe on the ocassion of his 66th birthday. Senator Anyim who said he wishes to be like Senator Abaribe, highlighted that he first know… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate Minority Whip, Senator Enyinnaya Abaribe has accused President Muhammadu Buhari of motivating insecurity in Nigeria. The senator representing Abia south senatorial district stated this on sunday in an interview on African Independent Television (AIT) program "The Signature Show ". Senator Abaribe… In "Top Stories" The call by the Minority Leader of the Senate, Enyinnaya Abaribe, on the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.) to resign immediately based on Buhari’s inability to curtail the alarming security challenges in the country caused a stir on the floor of the red chamber on Wednesday. Abaribe spoke after… In "Politics"