Master Okezue Bell, a Nigerian-American, has been appointed into the Sustainability and Health Advisory Council of Perfect Day, an American animal-free dairy company.Okezie Bell, 14, described as creator, ideator and artificial intelligence developer, will serve in the council alongside seven other Americans including Leonardo DiCaprio, producer of the legendary film, Titanic and Ann M. Veneman, a former United States Secretary of Agriculture and currently UNICEF executive director. According to a statement released by the company,  the council members will guide Perfect Day on matters of health and wellness and the environment, all to help the company maximise the good it can do through its impact-driven business model.The full Council includes the following leaders in their fields: •Okezue Bell — Creator, ideator, changemaker, biotech and AI developer;•Leonardo DiCaprio — Academy Award winning actor and environmental activist;•Katharine Kreis — Country Director, Peace Corps Eswatini; formerly Director of Strategic Initiatives and Lead for Nutrition Innovation at PATH;•Dariush Mozaffarian — Professor at the Friedman School of Nutrition Science & Policy at Tufts University;•Danielle Nierenberg — President of Food Tank;•Mary Shelman — Former head of the Harvard Business School Agribusiness programme and renowned agtech expert;•David Stukus, MD — Pediatric allergist/immunologist, researcher, and patient advocate•Ann M. Veneman — Former U.S. Secretary of Agriculture and UNICEF executive director. •Ngozi Bell and Okezue Bell United States based Ngozi Bell has joined the Sundiata Post faculty as a columnist. Her article will be published every Tuesday.With an eclectic background, she will be writing on a variety of issues. In her words: "I have pretty deep and wide experience which makes… In "Top Stories" •Ngozi Bell Happy Tuesday and welcome to our column.  Our topic today is Shifting from Unconscious Bias Training to Unconscious Bias Elimination as a corporate imperative We’ll examine what that shift looks like, the benefit of the shift and practical steps a corporation can take to make the shift More… In "Column - Tuesday" LAGOS - The US Secretary of Commerce, Penny Pritzker, has said that companies of United States origin have made significant economic contributions to the Nigerian economy. Pritzke said this when he  recently led a high level delegation of President Obama's Advisory Council on Doing Business in Africa on a fact-finding, policy-oriented visit to Nigeria to review the opportunities… In "Business"