The late Madam Evelyn Adaoha Nwogu, who died on 1 January will be buried on Friday, 16 April in Nkwerre, Imo State.According to a statement sent to Sundiata Post by her son-in-law, Alex Ohanwadi, Madam Nwogu would be buried after funeral mass at St. Paul’s Anglican Church, Nkwerre.The full statement reads:My beloved mother in-law, Nneoma Evelyn Adaoha Nwogu (Nwanyiocha), a wife of late Nze  John Nnadi Nwogu of Obinihu Nkwerre in Nkwerre LGA, Imo State, passed on peacefully on Friday,1st of January 2021, in OwerrI.She was 93 years old. She will be buried on Friday, April 16, 2021 after a funeral service at St.Paul’s Anglican Church, Nkwerre in Nkwerre LGA, Imo State.Mama was survived by right children,14 grandchildren, eight  great-grandchildren, five sons in-law, one daughter-in-law, and many relations.The Family of Nwogu,  Onuoha and Obinihu Nkwerre  community  are thankful to God for Mama’s humble accomplishments. The late Madam Evelyn Adaoha Nwogu, who died on 1 January will be buried on Friday, 16 April in Nkwerre, Imo State.According to a statement sent to Sundiata Post by her son-in-law, Alex Ohanwadi, Madam Nwogu would be buried after funeral mass at St. Paul’s Anglican Church, Nkwerre. The full statement reads: “My beloved mother in-law, Nneoma Evelyn Adaoha Nwogu (Nwanyiocha), a wife of late Nze  John Nnadi Nwogu of Obinihu Nkwerre in Nkwerre LGA, Imo State, passed on peacefully on Friday,1st of January 2021, in OwerrI.“She was 93 years old. She will be buried on Friday, April 16, 2021 after a funeral service at St.Paul’s Anglican Church, Nkwerre in Nkwerre LGA, Imo State.“Mama is survived by right children,14 grandchildren, eight  great-grandchildren, five sons in-law, one daughter-in-law, and many relations.“The family of Nwogu,  Onuoha and Obinihu Nkwerre  community  are thankful to God for Mama’s humble accomplishments.” By Victor Nwachukwu Owerri - Gov. Emeka Ihedioha of Imo and former Gov. Ikedi Ohakim on Friday paid special tributes to late Imo monarch, Eze Desmond Ogugua. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports the remains of the foremost traditional ruler in the state were laid to rest in his country… In "News" Funeral rites for late Oronto Douglas, former Adviser to the President on Research, Documentation and Strategy, who died at the State House Clinic, Abuja on Thursday, April 9 has been released by the family. His burial will happen on Saturday, May 2 at the St Mark’s Anglican Church Premises, Okoroba,… In "News" By Yinusa Ishola Omupo (Kwara)  -   Ven. Samuel Adeyemo, Arch Deacon/Vicar of St. Michael Anglican Church. Omupo, Kwara has urged Christians to strive to impact positively on fellow humans while alive. He gave the advice on Friday in Omupo in his sermon at the farewell service for the late… In "News"