Kaduna state governor, Nasir El-Rufai has stated that bandits causing havoc and terrorising the country must be wiped out.  El-rufai made this known during a town hall meeting on national security organised by the Ministry of Information and Culture held in Kaduna with theme:”Setting Benchmark for Enhanced and National Unity in Nigeria”. ”The bandits are at war with Nigeria and there is no other way to approach the current insurgency but for security forces to take the war to the bandits and recover forests where they are occupying. “The security agencies mostly react to cases of banditry and abduction, we are in a war with these terrorist challenging the sovereignty of the Nigerian state. “Our security forces must collaborate to take the war to the bandits and terrorist, recover and restore the forest to enable our law abiding citizens to engage in legitimate farming and livestock production.” El-rufai stated that no one in a position of responsibility, can deny the need for sustained action, against criminals, adding that security operations that were more proactive would cripple the outlaws and reassure ordinary citizens. He said that government must Identify and deal with non state actors and others challenging the existence of the country. The governor advised that security forces should be increased and be well equipped to deal with insurgency, adding that judiciary must also be decentralised to serve justice. “To address the banditry prevalent in the north-west and north-central, we must implement the National Livestock Transformation Plan (NLTP) produced four years ago to enable accelerated investment in modern animal husbandry, incorporating the rapid sedentarisation of herders in known locations”, he said. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the NLTP provides a framework and strategic direction to transform the Nigerian livestock sector and eliminate farmer-herder conflict by evolving and strengthening intensive livestock production systems, with the aim of making the sector more productive and sustainable. The NLTP prioritises key areas of intervention into a comprehensive framework to modernise and transform the livestock sector into an important instrument for rapid economic growth and diversification in Nigeria. The various elements of the NLTP are arranged around five pillars – addressing conflicts, improving access to justice and peace, addressing the needs of affected populations, human capital development, as well as cross-cutting issues of gender, youth, research and information and strategic communication.  Source Northern Nigeria is wide awake today because the backwardness of the region is gradually catching up with the political class who have ignored the abject poverty in the region. The millions of Almajiri and the large tribe of beggars on Nigerian streets are mainly from the North. The North contributes… In "Opinion" The upper chamber of the National Assembly also berated governors negotiating with bandits, saying such negotiations were fuelling banditry. The senators stated these on Wednesday during an extensive debate on a motion by the Deputy Senate Leader, Ajayi Boroffice, on the growing insecurity in all parts of the country. In… In "Features" KADUNA (Press Release) - Kaduna State Governor, Malam Nasir el-Rufai's unfortunate condemnation of the CAN President statement over the cleansing of Christians further exposes the Governor's lack of coming to terms with realities for political reasons. We shall no longer tolerate the disrespect for the office and person of the… In "Top Stories"