Hon. Monday Kenneth Eze, an aide to Governor David Umahi of Ebonyi State has tendered his resignation.  In the resignation letter dated Tuesday, April 6, Eze, who was the Senior Technical Assistant to the Governor on Media, stated his reason as not being able to betray his conscience. The letter reads: “Pursuant to the dictates of my conscience and my rights as enshrined in the 1999 Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, I write to hereby resign my appointment as Senior Technical Assistant to the Governor of Ebonyi State,” “I thank Ebonyi State Government under Engr. David Umah, my former colleagues and Ebonyi citizenry for the opportunity to serve Ebonyi State, cooperation in the service and support respectively.” There has been series of resignations in the state executive council since Governor Umahi joined the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) last Novemeber. Hon. Eze’s resignation is coming a week after the Special Assistant to the Governor on School Monitoring, Afikpo North LGA, Ogbonnia Oko Enyim, resigned.  Source Two aides of Ebonyi State Governor, David Umahi, have resigned their appointments with the state government. The duo, Mr Amaechi Oken, a Senior Technical Assistant to the Governor and Apostle Benjamin Obaji, a Technical Assistant, resigned their appointments this month (March). In their resignation letters dated March 1 and March… In "Politics" Ebonyi State Governor, Engr. David Umahi, will not be joining the All Progressives Congress (APC) alone, but with a large number of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), News Express has learnt.   Joining the Umahi to APC include the Speaker of the Ebonyi State House of Assembly, Hon. Francis Nwifuru,… In "Politics" This was contained in a statement issued by the Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Mallam Garba Shehu, in Abuja. President Buhari said though people might call the governor names, it was the price men of principles have to pay for acting according to their conscience… In "Politics"