By Abbas Bamalli  Kano  – Gov. Abdullahi Ganduje of Kano State has inaugurated 25 power bikes procured by the Kano Road Traffic Agency (KAROTA) to control traffic.  Inaugurating the power bikes on Sunday in Kano, Ganduje said the bikes would be used to ensure that road users comply with traffic regulations. He said the bikes would enable KAROTA personnel to move quickly to monitor traffic, trace violators and go around the city to fish out those smuggling illicit and substandard goods into the state. The governor urged KAROTA officials to redouble their efforts in controlling traffic and apprehending those who break traffic rules. He further urged them to ensure that those suspected to be carrying illegal items were traced and arrested. Ganduje commended KAROTA Managing Director, Baffa Dan’agundi, for the initiative. Dan’agundi had earlier stated that the agency bought the power bikes with the fund it saved from removing ghost workers from the pay list. “Sometimes, we see a lot of things happening on the road, we see criminals carrying items in their vehicles but there are no vehicles to quickly trace them to their destinations. “However, with these modern power bikes, we will be able to arrest more criminals,” Dan’agundi assured the governor.  (NAN) Kano - Kano State Government has recruited 745 road traffic officers in a bid to curb gridlocks on Kano roads especially in the state capital. The state governor, Dr. Abdullahi Ganduje, who stated this during the official presentation of letters of appointment to the newly recruited staff of Kano Road… In "News" By Yemi Adeleye Lagos - The Managing Director, Kano State Road Traffic Agency (KAROTA), Dr Baffa Babba Dan’agundi, on Friday sought support of the Lagos State Traffic Management Authority (LASTMA) to improve traffic management in the state. Dan’agundi made this plea when he led KAROTA top management on a one-day… In "News" By Abbas Bamalli Kano - The Kano State Road Traffic Agency (KAROTA) says it has confiscated over 150 cartons of unregistered drugs and injections worth over N20 million. The drug is suspected to be Potwin and 30 cartons of Janify Caftarian injection allegedly smuggled into the state by some suspected… In "News"