ABUJA –  Former Governor of Imo State and serving  senator Rochas Okorocha, has been arrested. It was gathered that Okorocha was arrested by operatives of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) at about 4 P.M. Tuesday at his Unity House private office in Abuja, sources familiar with the matter told this medium. The former governor was arrested after a five-hour standoff with EFCC operatives who trailed him to the location. Our sources said the anti-graft agency had repeatedly invited the former governor to its Abuja headquarters in connection with multiple corruption allegations against him. Mr Okorocha, who is now senator, reportedly declined to honour the invitation, a development that infuriated detectives who fanned out to get him. The politician is currently being interrogated at the EFCC headquarters and it is unclear if he would be allowed to go home today. Details of the allegations against the senator are sketchy but our sources said they are related to suspected monumental graft during his eight-year reign as governor. Mr Okorocha’s spokesperson, Sam Onwuemeodo, could not be reached Tuesday evening to comment for this report. When contacted, EFCC spokesperson, Wilson Uwujaren, confirmed the former governor is in his agency’s custody. He declined further comments when pressed for details of the allegations against the politician. Since he left office as governor in 2019, Mr Okorocha has been having a running battle with his successor, Governor Hope Uzodinma, who accused him of misgovernance and corruption during his tenure. Both men are members of Nigeria’s ruling party, APC. On February 21, the former governor was arrested by the police for unsealing a hotel owned by his wife but which was shut by the Imo State government. He was later released. In November 2020, the EFCC’s zonal office in Enugu arraigned Lasberry Anyanwu, a former commissioner who served under Mr Okorocha. He was charged with stealing and misappropriation of public funds to the tune of N180 million. SOURCE : PREMIUM TIMES •Ibrahim Magu and Senator Rochas Okorocha By Mike Odiegwu and Rosemary Nwisi PORT HARCOURT - The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has told a former Governor of Imo State and Senator representing Imo West Senatorial District at the National Assembly, Senator Rochas Okorocha, to get ready for his day… In "News" Former Imo Governor and member representing Imo West Senatorial District, Senator Rochas Okorocha, has accused the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) of peddling falsehood against him, saying the commission did not recover any money from him. Okorocha’s outbursts followed reports credited to the Head of the Port Harcourt zone… In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The crisis in the All Progressives Congress (APC) between some governors of the party and its National Chairman, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, took another turn over the weekend as the Department of State Services (DSS) reportedly detained and interrogated Oshimhole. New Telegraph gathered yesterday that President Muhammadu… In "Top Stories"