Two students of Rainbow College Ogun State, Adachukwu Chimaobi and Afolabi Fagebo have won international scholarship awards. Chimaobi won 8,000 CAD worth of scholarship to study Pre-med in the University of Alberta in Canada while Afolabi won 13,000 CAD in scholarship to study Mechanical Engineering at Carleton University, Canada. The school, represented by Lovina Okenedun and Oriayo Orinayo Babatunde, also carted home awards in the KS4 and KS3 categories for their excellent paper presentation titled: ‘Ways to manage carbon footprints in Nigeria’ and ‘There is strength in diversity at the AISEN (Association of International Schools in Nigeria) public speaking presentation in Nigeria 2021. The AISEN 2021 public speaking presentation had a total of 38 schools competing in the KS4 and KS3 categories with Okenedun and Babatunde presenting a very thorough and interesting paper. According to the Schools’ Director of Studies, Dr. Yinka Oduwole, these achievements come at the right time with the release of EDUSKO’s 2021 ranking of best schools in Nigeria where Rainbow College is ranked 5th on the list. The EDUSKO ranking is based on students’ performance in National and International examinations as well as recent awards and recognitions, quality & accomplishments of alumni, school leadership and management. “Although COVID-19 stopped many things, it didn’t stop our learning and teaching. We have deployed loads of interactive resources to enthuse and extend the learning of our children and young people to participate in a range of progressive and creative ‘out of classroom’ learning experiences, which our well-trained and expert teachers continue to provide remotely throughout this period and beyond,” Oduwole said. Rainbow College operates day and boarding schools in Surulere, Lagos and Marba, Ogun State. The Nation Applications are on-going for the 2015 York University International Student Program for Bachelors degrees students. York University offers Global Leader of Tomorrow Scholarships, United World College Scholarships, and International Entrance Scholarships specifically for international students who would like to take a full- time undergraduate degree at the university of York, canada.… In "News" York University Bachelors (BS) Degree Deadline: 15 March 2015 (annual) Study in: Canada Course starts September 2015 Brief description: York University offers Global Leader of Tomorrow Scholarships, United World College Scholarships, and International Entrance Scholarships specifically for international students who would like to take a full-time undergraduate degree at University of… In "News" The American College of Surgeons offers International Guest Scholarships to competent young surgeons from countries other than the United States or Canada who have demonstrated strong interests in teaching and research. Application Deadline: 3rd July 2017. Offered annually? No. Bi-annually Eligible Fields of Study: Medicine-related fields About Award: The American College of Surgeons offers International… In "Education"