Nollywood actor, Deyemi Okanlawon, celebrated his birthday on Monday announcing N100, 000 cash gift for ten best participants in his monologue brainteaser.  The Lagos born actor posted a number of pictures with captions like Determination, Joy, Gratitude, on his Instagram handle @deyemitheactor to celebrate his birthday. Okanlawon posted a monologue on his handle and challenged his fans to make their version and end it with “rice is better than beans”. He said that 10 top best persons, who would participate in the monologue challenge would win N10, 000 each. Okanlawon explained that entries for the giveaway would close midnight on Monday adding that winners would be announced on Tuesday. “My people, I want to do one million naira birthday giveaway but my bank app is saying “error… error”! Anyway, make una epp me and manage this N100, 000. “Perform your own version of this monologue excerpt from my interviews with @pulsenigeria247, tag me and use the hashtag #riceisbetterthanbeans. “My best 10 get N10, 000 each and will be announced on Tuesday. Entries close midnight of Monday,” he wrote. Deyemi Okanlawon is also a television, theatre and voice actor. He is popular for his role in the TV series “Gidi Up”; and has featured in other series like Lekki Wives, Dowry and An African City. He has starred in movies like Beyond Blood, Road to Yesterday, If Tomorrow Never Comes, No Man’s Land, etc. The actor is a brand ambassador for PWAN Stars, a Real Estate company in Nigerian and Cussons Baby Nigeria, a global brand for baby products. He got married to his wife, Damilola in 2013 and their union is blessed with two boys. Controversial Nollywood actor, Uche Maduagwu, on Monday, shocked and surprised his fans when he announced that he lied about himself being a gay. Maduagwu took to his official Instagram account @uchemadagwu to announce to his fans and Nigerians that he lied about his gay status. He wrote, “Dear fans I… In "Entertainment" Veteran Nigerian Actor, Chiwetalu Agu is 65 today. The popular actor took to social media to celebrate his birthday with a cute photo. Sharing a photo of the post, he wrote:"Join Me Today As I Celebrate My 65th Birthday Happy Birthday To Me. Drop a prayer at the comment session."… In "Entertainment" By Collins Yakubu-Hammer Abuja, - Controversial Nollywood actress, Tonto Dikeh on Tuesday hinted on her desire to get a new set of boobs for her birthday which comes up on June 9. The 33-year-old singer and mother of one with 4.4 million followers revealed this on her Instagram handle, @tontolet.… In "Entertainment"