Tragedy has hit Obinze community in Owerri West Local Government Area of Imo State after a windstorm swept through the community and killed two persons.  The storm also destroyed three churches – Beyond Principalities and Powers Ministry; Redeemed and Prevaillers – a private nursery and primary school, shops and business centres. Also destroyed by the rainstorm were about 35 electric poles and a brewery depot. The roofs of the affected buildings were blown off while the blocks were destroyed as if they were done by bulldozers. The development forced members of the church and residents to express shock, fear and worry. It was gathered the incident, which happened around 2.00pm on Friday near the Mammi market at the 32 Artillery Brigade, Obinze, along the Obinze-Umuokanne road, injured several persons. One of the persons who died in the incident, was said to have gone into the business outlet to take shelter during the rain. A source said: “The raging wind dismantled no less than 35 electric poles along the Umuokanne-Obinze road. “It initially claimed one life but on Saturday evening, another person was confirmed dead. ” It also destroyed two church buildings, several houses and a brewery depot. “Another building that collapsed is a beer depot belonging to a businessman in the area. “We have not seen this kind of havoc before. This is very unfortunate and the losses are huge.” When contacted, Imo police spokesperson, Orlando Ikeokwu, confirmed only one death was reported to the police as of Saturday morning.  Source Calabar -  At least three persons died and no fewer than 632 houses destroyed in storms between January and June this year in Cross River, an official has said. The Director General of Cross River State Emergency Management Agenc, Mr John Inaku, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in… In "News" By Mohammed Ahmed Kaigama   Baichi -  The Former Vice President, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar has donated N10 million to the victims of windstorm in Bauchi. ‎ News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that last Saturday rainfall and windstorm destroyed properties, houses, offices business places, schools, mosques and churches in Bauchi… In "News" THE proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) on Tuesday justified the clash between its security outfit – the Eastern Security Network (ESN) – and the military. It also claimed that five residents of Okporo community in Orlu Local Government Area of Imo State were killed when ESN men clashed with… In "Features"