The Osun Police Command on Thursday said it rescued a 25-year-old female student of the Osun College of Health Technology, Ilesa, who was abducted on Tuesday.  According to a statement by SP Yemisi Opalola, the Osun Police Spokesperson, the victim, Rukayat Bayonle, was abducted on April, 20, at about 2.30 a.m, at Olomilagbala Area, Ilesa, Osun. “Upon a distress call that the victim was abducted, the Osun Commissioner of Police, Olawale Olokode, drafted a combined team of police Tactical Unit, JTF and other security outfits on a rescue mission of the abducted girl. “The abductors numbering about five, invaded the quarters of the student and took her to the bush. “The security operatives on an unrelenting rescue operation of the victim, followed suit in the bush to do a thorough combing. “At about 5.25 a.m of the same day, within the space of 3 hours, the Police and local security men rescued the kidnapped victim unhurt. “The Commissioner of Police, hereby, urged members of the public to be vigilant, support, co-operate and collaborate with the Police in the fight against all forms of criminalities,” the statement read in part. (NAN) By Lucy Osuizigbo Lagos -  The Lagos State Deputy Governor, Dr Idiat Adebule on Thursday, promised that the government and security agencies would work with available resources to ensure the release of the persons abducted in a school in Epe area of the state. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN)… In "News" Three travellers have been kidnapped by gunmen in Osun state. According to the Osun Police Command, the sad incident happened on Tuesday along Ilesha-Akure Express in Osun on Monday night. The spokesperson of the command, SP Yemisi Opalola, confirmed in a statement that the incident happened around 7 p.m. in… In "Metro" By Monday Ijeh Abuja - The Police Command in the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) says it has rescued and reunited a kidnapped student, Gift Abikor, 17 of the Federal Government College, Rubochi, with his family. A statement by DSP Anjuguri Manzah, the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) in the FCT… In "News"