The Ogun State Command of the Nigeria Police Force said on Thursday that it has arrested a man of the cloth in-charge of a Cherubim & Seraphim Church in the state for the alleged rape of a 17-year-old girl. “Prophet” Shobowale is also accused of inflicting the victim with a sickness that reportedly causes her ‘to fall down and remain unconscious for hours’. The victim, according to Ogun State Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) DSP Abimbola Oyeyemi, is a member of the church where the “prophet” took advantage of her and ‘had unlawful carnal knowledge of her’. ‘The suspect was arrested following a report lodged at the family support unit of Ota Area Command by the victim, who was accompanied by her mother to the station, and reported that sometime in March 2021, the prophet invited her to the church for prayer, and that the prophet took advantage of being alone with him in the church to forcefully had unlawful carnal knowledge of her. The victim further stated that, after the illicit affair, the prophet ordered her to take a spiritual bath in the church with an already spiritually prepared candle, which he used to rub all over her body. Since then, the victim complained that she has being having spiritual attack which always makes her to fall down and remain unconscious for hours,’ the police spokesperson stated. ‘Upon the report, the Area Commander, Ota, ACP Muhideen Obe, detailed his family support unit to the scene where the randy prophet was promptly arrested. ‘On interrogation, the suspect initially denied the allegations, but when he was confronted by the victim, it was very difficult for him to absolve himself of the allegations. ‘Meanwhile, the Commissioner of Police, CP Edward Awolowo Ajogun, has ordered a thorough investigation of the case and that the suspect be charged to court as soon as the investigation is concluded,’ the police said. (Daily Sun) Osun State Police Command on Friday paraded five suspected r*pists, including a 50-year-old, man, Adeleye Fayemiwo, who allegedly defiled his 13-year-old daughter, The PUNCH reports. Speaking to journalists, the state’s police commissioner, Mr Undie Adie, said Fayemiwo and other four suspects were arrested following complaints against them. The police boss… In "Metro" •The suspect, Adam Kunle ABEOKUTA - The Ogun State Police Command has arrested a 27-year-old man, Adam Kunle, in Makogi area of Ibafo, in Obafemi Owode Local Government, for forcefully having unlawful carnal knowledge of a 38-year-old woman. The suspect, according to Daily Post source, was arrested following a report by the… In "Metro" Uyo - The Akwa Ibom State police command has arrested five suspected rapists including a man who raped own 15-year old daughter. A press release signed by the police public relations officer (PPRO) of the command, Mr Fredrick Nnudam as made available to Daily Sun on Thursday, said officers responded… In "Metro"