The candidate presented by the camp of ex-governor Ayo Fayose for the post of youth leader at the PDP zonal Congress had been disqualified for being over-aged.  Announcing the disqualification, Dr. Benson Abounu, said Aremo Femi Adetola from Oyo State from the papers presented to the screening committee, is 49 years old. Abounu said the PDP constitution stipulates that whoever will vie for the post of Youth Leader of the party must be between 18 and 40 years. Reacting, Fayose and Adetola, accepted the disqualification. Security had been beefed up in Osogbo, the Osun capital as the Peoples Democratic Party holds its zonal congress. There is a heavy security presence at the Women and Children Development Initiative Foundation, the venue of the congress on Monday, in Osogbo. Men of the Nigeria Police, Department of State Security Service and the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps were sighted at the entrance and around the venue. PDP picks Monday for South-West congress in OsunPDP releases timetable for Yobe congressesSome of the security personnel were also strategically located a few kilometres away from the venue of the congress. Though accreditation of delegates was fixed for 9: 00 a.m., it started two hours after. 42 aspirants were cleared by the PDP screening committee on Sunday to contest for the various positions in the zone. The congress would be attended by 734 delegates across the six western states, The PUNCH learnt. According to the list released by Retired Col. Austin Akobundu, the PDP National Organising Secretary, Oyo has 171 delegates, Osun – 130, Lagos 101, Ogun- 112, Ondo 114, and Ekiti with 115 delegates. A former deputy governor of Oyo State, Taofeek Arapaja, and the immediate zonal chairman of the party, Dr Eddy Olafeso, are contesting for the chairmanship position. While Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State is supporting Arapaja for the chairmanship position, Mr Ayo Fayose, a former Ekiti governor is supporting Olafeso.  Source By Victor Adeoti Osogbo  -   Security was beefed up in Osogbo, the Osun capital, and Iwo Local Government Area of the state on Wednesday as the All Progressives Congress (APC) and Peoples Democratic (PDP) primaries for Osun-West Senatorial District bye-election got underway. While APC was holding its primary in… In "Politics" President Goodluck Jonathan will tomorrow lead other leaders of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) to Osun State to drum up support for the party’s governorship candidate in the state, Senator Iyiola Omisore. Other notable members of the PDP expected to join President Jonathan include, Vice President Namadi Sambo, senate President,… In "Politics" The Southwest chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has been hit by crisis, following irreconcilable differences between its zonal leader, Oyo State Governor Seyi Makinde and former Ekiti State Governor Ayodele Fayose. The bone of contention is the outcome of the Ekiti PDP parallel congresses, which produced two chairmen,… In "Politics"