Four lives have been lost as suspected Fulani militias attacked Wawarafi village in Atyap Chiefdom, Zangon Kataf local government area of Kaduna State in the early hours of Monday.  A source told DAILY POST that six (6) houses, including foodstuffs and other valuables were destroyed by the suspected Fulani militias. According to the source, “The Fulani militias invaded the village in their large numbers and started shooting, killing the four males and destroyed houses and other valuables. “We stood our ground and were able to repel them (Fulani militias); the destruction would have been more than that.” He explained that soldiers came to the village last night but had all returned to their base. He added, “As it is now, we are counting our losses, our brothers killed and the properties destroyed.” The source explained that apart from the soldiers that came last night, as of the time of filing this report, no police personnel has visited the village. He called on the government and security agencies to ensure the protection of the people against what he called agents of darkness that are out to kill and destroy.  Source ONITSHA (Sundiata Post) - Human rights group, the International Society for Civil Liberties and the Rule of Law (Intersociety) has said 100 Christians were killed in April 2019 while between 750 and 800 Christians lost their lives in the first four months of 2019 in  attacks carried out by herdsmen. … In "Top Stories" By Friday Olokor To the average Nigerian, Plateau State is a great delight. It is not just because of cold weather. No, far from that; apart from being the Home of Peace and Tourism, it is also described as the belt that holds Nigeria together. But all these positive appellations… In "Features" •Says Nigeria Lost 425 Christians To Jihadists In 3 Months of 2019                                ONITSHA (Sundiata Post) - A human rights group, the International Society for Civil Liberties and the Rule of Law (Intersociety) on Sunday released a… In "Top Stories"