Two children, identified as Suraiya, 7, and Habib, 9, lost their lives as they were burnt to death following a fire outbreak at a flat in Anguwar Dawaki in Suleja, Niger state.  Daily Trust learnt that the father of the two kids, Alhassan Jibirin Yanji, who sustained various degrees of burns in attempt to rescue his two kids is still receiving treatment at a hospital in Suleja. A resident, Bashir Ibrahim, said the incident happened in the early hours of Friday, at about 3am when fire gutted the flat in which the victims were living. He said the two children were sleeping in their room, while their father was sleeping in his bedroom, when he woke up to discover that the entire house was filled with thick smoke. He said, “Strangely, there was no electricity in the entire Dawaki area as of the time the fire incident happened so one was yet to know the cause of the fire.” The remains of the two children were later buried according to Islamic rites on Friday morning. He disclosed that no valuables were retrieved from the house, even as he said the victims’ mother was not at home when the incident happened. Chaiman of Suleja local government council, Alhaji Abdullahi Maje, confirmed the fire incident saying investigation was ongoing to ascertain the cause of the inferno.  Source By Emmanuel Antswen Makurdi - The Acting Permanent Secretary, State Ministry of Energy, Science and Technology, Mr Seker Akaa, his pregnant wife and two kids were burnt to death in a fire incident in Makurdi early hours of Monday. The Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) in Benue, DSP Sewuese Anene… In "Metro" Lagos- No fewer than five persons, including a six-month old baby boy, were killed in a fire incident between Friday and Saturday in Lagos. The Director, Lagos State Fire Service, Mr Rasak Fadipe, disclosed this to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Sunday. He said that four of the victims… In "News" A woman and her three children, including a one- month -old baby, were burnt to death in their house in Nkangbe, a suburb of Minna, the Niger state capital. The fire, which started at about 11.30 pm, raged for over three hours burning down the house completely. However, the second… In "Metro"