Nollywood actress, Ruth Kadiri-Ezerika took to Instagram to call out Mo Abudu, the Lagos State Government, and others after she was overlooked and not given an award at the Eko Star Film & TV Awards.  As part of the Eko Tourism, Art & Culture Series 2021, the Nigerian International Film Summit, in collaboration with the Ministry of Culture & Tourism and EbonyLife Place, organized the Eko Star Film & TV Awards, honouring talented female pioneers who call the shots in the growing Nigerian film industry. A good number of Nigerian celebrities graced the event which held on April 12 in Victoria Island, Lagos. A number of female celebrities won awards, including Nancy Isime, Kate Henshaw, Toyin Abraham, Osas Ighodaro, Omoni Oboli, Omotola Jalade-Ekeinde and more. Ruth Kadiri did not receive any award and she took to Instagram to say her piece while tagging the organizers of the award event. She said she wasn’t given an award, despite her efforts, because she doesn’t belong to any clique. She wrote: “I am a film maker. I am a woman. I am a hardworking woman. I have faced the struggles every woman/filmmaker has faced. Did my name at any point pop up yes. But because I do not belong to a click (sic). Yet again I have been overlooked. She added: “I will not be pressured. I will keep working hard. @lagosstategovt @moabudu @ijayonah @nifsummit thanks for overlooking me and congrats to everyone who got recognized. the film industry is controlled by women, so if you’re going to do it, do it right or don’t do it at all.” Her post received support from some of her fellow actresses, including from Annie Idibia, Lepacious Bose, Didi Ekanem, Queen Wokoma and more.    Source  By Anita Eboigbe Abuja - Media mogul Mo Abudu will chair the 47th International Emmy Awards Gala in New York. The International Emmy Award is an award that bestows recognition to the best television programs initially produced and aired outside the United States. In 2018, Abudu was elected as a… In "Entertainment" Abuja  - `Fifty,’ a movie that captures a few pivotal days in the lives of four Nigerian women at the pinnacle of their careers will be premiered on Dec. 13th in Lagos. This is contained in a statement issued by Mosunmola Abudu, popularly known as Mo, Executive Producer of the… In "Entertainment" Following unending question as to what Nigerian actors earn vis-a-vis their lifestyles, eelive.ng ’s AKINSETAN AKINRELE looks at some of the finest thespians around and what it costs filmmakers to engage them. The dynamics, notwithstanding, may vary the quoted figures below, but this report keeps in bracket the minimum artiste’s… In "Entertainment"