Governor Okezie Ikpeazu, of Abia State, has imposed curfew in Aba and Umuahia metropolis between 10 pm and 6 am daily from today, Monday, 5th April 2021 till further notice.  This is sequel to security reports received from multiple sources, and informed by the need to continue to protect innocent citizens and residents of the state. The Commissioner for Information, John Kalu in a statement made available to Vanguard explained that security agencies in the state have been directed to ensure strict enforcement and compliance with the directive. Only those on essential services with proper identification are exempted from the curfew. “We urge traditional rulers, men of the State Homeland Security Team and Community Vigilante Services in the state to monitor movement of persons within their respective domains and take necessary measures to protect the people and their property. “All law abiding citizens are advised to go about their normal duties, outside the curfew period, without fear of molestation as the security architecture of the state is robust enough to guarantee their safety.”  Source Abuja   -     Gov. Okezie Ikpeazu of Abia says his administration has completed 56 roads within three years. Ikpeazu who said this at a Town-Hall meeting organised by Abia Development Organisation (ADO), in Abuja noted that 79 other roads were currently under construction or repair. He listed the completed roads to… In "News" Umuahia  -  Gov. Okezie Ikpeazu of Abia has called for cordial relationship between community leaders and security agencies. Ikpeazu made the call said at a one-day Peace and Security Summit organised by the State Government for the state’s traditional rulers in Umuahia on Friday. He said such a relationship would… In "News" UMUAHIA (Sundiata Post) - The Chief of Army staff, Lt-Gen Tukur Yusuf Burutail, has assured the Governor of Abia State, Dr. Okezie Ikpeazu, that the  Nigeria military would continue to patronise made-in-Aba materials, including uniforms and boots. A statement by the Chief Press Secretary to the governor, Comrade Enyinnaya Appolos,… In "News"