The heartbroken sister of Dorathy Yohanna, one of the three Greenfield University, Kaduna students killed by bandits, has been thrown into mourning.  Dorathy, two other students, Sadiq Yusuf Sanga and Precious Nwakacha, were killed by armed bandits few days after their abduction. It would be recalled that the bandits broke into the private university located along the Kaduna-Abuka Highway in Chikun Local Government Area on Tuesday night, April 20, shooting sporadically before whisking an unspecified number of students away. The abductors later contacted their parents to demand a collective ransom of N800 million. The remains of the three students were found at Kwanar Bature village, a location close to the university on Friday, April 22. Taking to Twitter on Saturday, Sim said her family is shattered over the senseless murder of her sister. “I am broken. My family is broken.” she wrote on top her brother-in-law’s tweets to Tolu Ogunlesi. “Seeing my sister’s lifeless body all over the media breaks my heart. I am shattered” she added. She also tweeted: “The police is not your friend”  Source The identities of the three students of Greenfield University, Kaduna killed by bandits, have been revealed. The corpses of the victims, who were abducted on their school campus on Tuesday night, were found on Friday, according to the Kaduna State government. Commissioner for Internal Security and Home Affairs, said their… In "News" By Victor Oso More Nigerians have urged the Muhammadu Buhari-led Federal Government to find concrete solution to the unending state of kidnapping and banditry ravaging the country. They expressed sadness and grief over the mindless killing of three of the abducted students of Greenfield University, Kaduna.Gunmen had Tuesday night kidnapped… In "Social Media Feeds" It was a bloody day on Wednesday as gunmen went on the rampage in various parts of the country. They killed two policemen in an attack on the Adani divisional headquarters in Enugu State. In Kaduna State, bandits killed a worker and abducted a yet-to-be specified number of students from… In "News"