Governor Bala Mohammed of Bauchi state has felicitated with Christianfaithful in the state on the occasion of this year’s Good Friday andEaster Monday celebrations.Mohammed gave the message through his Senior Special Assistant onMedia Comrade Muktar Gidado, urging them to give special thanks to Godfor making it possible for them to witness the period.In his Easter message to Christian community in Bauchi, the governorrecalled that, in his life time, Jesus Christ preached peace, honesty,love for one another and above all the fear of God.He therefore enjoined them to imbibe these teachings and put them intopractice irrespective of their religious inclinations.He called on Christian faithful to put into practice the lessons ofJesus Christ which teaches patience and self-denial from all sinfulacts and as well appealed for sober reflection and self-evaluation byall to reflect on their dealings with their creator and as humanbeings to ensure they remain on the right path and make recompensewhere necessary.The governor observed that, Bauchi State and the nation as a wholeneed continuous prayer to overcome their myriad of challenges, alsotasked citizens to eschew bitterness by preaching the gospel of peace,love and unity and not allow themselves to be divided by religiousbigotry or ethnic affiliation. “I urge all citizens of Bauchi State to distance themselves fromchampions of religious extremism whose stock in trade is to divide oursociety. Let us live peacefully with one another and must strive toremain as one nation under the guidance of one God.” Governor Mohammed used the opportunity to thank the people of BauchiState for their perseverance and understanding over the hardships somecivil servants are experiencing as a result ongoing effort to sanitizeissue of salary payment in the State. “Government is aware of the current hardship and has taken the bullby the horn to bring to an end this lingering salaries issues bysetting up a high-powered Committee chaired by the Deputy Governor whois mandated to go through all the presentations so far gathered andbring an end to the problem.” “The primary objective of a responsible Government is to ensuresecurity of lives and property of its citizens. With your support andcooperation, this Administration would ensure prevalence of securityand revamp our ailing economy. We will continue to execute meaningfuldevelopmental projects for our collective prosperity. I willtherefore like to appeal for your continued support and cooperationwith the government in its effort to ensure a peaceful Bauchi Statewhich we can all be proud of “ , the governor said . Sun News By Ayinde Olaide Bauchi - Gov. Bala Mohammed of Bauchi state has felicitated with Christian across the state on Easter celebrations, urging them to always imbibe the teachings and qualities of Jesus Christ. This is contained in his goodwill message marking Good Friday and Easter Monday, and made available to… In "Politics" Bauchi -  Gov. Mohammed Abubakar of Bauchi state on Friday called on Christians in the state to pray for an end to insurgency threatening the country. Abubakar made the appeal in Bauchi in an Easter goodwill message to the people. ``I will like to appeal for continued prayers to God… In "News" By Ahmed Kaigama Bauchi -  Gov. Mohammed Abubakar of Bauchi State has called for unity and tolerance among the residents as they celebrate the Easter. He said that people should bury their ethnic, religious and political differences for the overall peace and development of the state. Abubakar, in an Easter… In "News"