Presidential aide, Garba Shehu has stated that President Muhammadu Buhari can’t be intimidated and bullied by secessionists.  Shehu who spoke at an event organised by the All Progressives Congress (APC) on Tuesday, April 20, accused secessionists of being the problem of the country and further added that Buhari can’t be intimidated into giving them money. He also commended socio-political groups like Afenifere and Ohanaeze Ndigbo for their stance against disintegration. Shehu Said; “You can’t intimidate Buhari; you can’t bully him. A lot of these people who are calling for secession are the problem of this country. I am happy that reasonable voices are now rising. “Is it not only yesterday we read about Afenifere — the most credible faction of Afenifere — saying ‘we’re not for secession’? Ohanaeze Ndigbo said this over and over again. “So, this thing about secession is they had used it in the past. You create secession and break up Nigeria and then you intimidate the sitting leader and then he opens the vault and he brings money to settle people. “President Buhari will pay no one. He is not going to pay, and now it is clear that having ignored all of that, reasonable opinions are coming from those states and from those regions. “The governors in the south-west — we have all heard them — they have denounced all of these things. “So, it’s a sham. Nigerians want to be one. They want to continue. Yes, there are problems and we are hoping that as people united and loving of one another, we will come together and solve our problems.”  Source By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) Ahead of the February 16 general elections, President Muhammadu Buhari-led All Progressives Congress, APC, and the main opposition Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, have intensified efforts to grab the about seven million votes of Ndigbo in northern part of the country. While attempts are made… In "News" Prominent northerners on Wednesday met in Kaduna over the state of the nation, saying some of the attacks of northerners in the South were meant to provoke the region. The pan-Northern socio-political organisation, the Arewa Consultative Forum, made the assertion at a northern summit organised by the Professor Ango Abdullahi-led… In "News" The Director General of Voice of Nigeria (VON) Mr. Osita Okechukwu, on Sunday backed the non-arrest of the Arewa youths who issued a quit notice to the Igbos to leave the 19 states of Northern Nigeria. Okechukwu said the non-arrest of Yerima Shetimma and other Arewa youths for what he… In "News"