AWKA – No fewer than 10 gunmen invaded one of the banks in Anambra on Thursday and hoisted Biafra flags after destroying vehicles in the premises. The incident happened at Abagana, Njikoka local government area around 4pm. It was gathered the gunmen shot sporadically but no one was killed The attack took place barely hours after Indigenous People of Biafra’s (IPOB) leader, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, raised the alarm over alleged DSS’ plan to attack banks in South East. He alleged the ploy was to accuse IPOB of being responsible for it. The shooting in front of the old generation bank scared passersby, customers and staff who took to their heels. The gunmen, according to an eyewitness, drove in black Honda Pilot Sports Utility Vehicle (SUV). The source further said they set fire on a Nissan Pathfinder SUV with registration number UR 640 KJA and smashed glasses of a Honda car with registration number FST 456 AC, all parked in front of the bank. Confirming the incident, Anambra Police Public Relations Officer, Ikenga Tochukwu said the Command was on the trail of the hoodlums. According to him, “Those hoodlums were pursuing their target and when they could not get him, they started shooting sporadically in the air. “They smashed some vehicles but we cannot ascertain at the moment whether anyone was injured or the actual damage caused as a result “The Command will not allow such hoodlums to run over Anambra State. Investigations are on to actually, unravel the cause of the incident.” (The Nation) …Kaduna, Zamfara, Borno deadliest states…North-West deadliest zone AS flames of violence and other forms of lives guzzling insecurity flicker in many parts of the country, Nigeria has literally become a killing field. In the first six weeks of 2021, lives of no fewer than 1,525 persons have been wasted across… In "Top Stories" According to The Nation, palpable fear took over a student’s hostel, lodge in Port Harcourt, Rivers State, following an attack on the occupants by unknown gunmen recently. The incident happened at number 20, Osina Street, Mile 3, Diobu, where students of Rivers State University cohabit. The gunmen numbering five, who… In "News" The President of Nigeria, Muhammadu Buhari has condemned attack on Benue Governor, Samuel Ortom by some unknown gunmen. Buhari condemned the attack on Sunday describing it as unacceptable, warning, however, that the incident should not be politicised. Buhari who said an attack on any Nigerian is an attack on all… In "News"