Dr Hajo Sani, the Senior Special Assistant to the President on Administration and Women Affairs (Office of the First Lady), has said it was only by miracle that Yusuf, the only son of President Muhammadu Buhari, recovered from a power bike accident he was involved in on December 26, 2017.  Sani disclosed this in the biography of the wife of the President, Aisha, titled ‘Aisha Buhari: Being different,’ which was presented to the public at an elaborate event held at the State House Conference Centre, Abuja on Thursday. Yusuf had a bike accident around Gwarimpa in the Federal Capital Territory in 2017. He sustained a head injury and had one of his limbs broken. He first had a surgery in an Abuja hospital before he was flown abroad for further medical attention. Recalling the incident, the author, who is very close to the first family, wrote, “Little was known about Yusuf either as son of the President or in any ostentatious capacity because of his customary low-profile lifestyle until the unfortunate accident that almost claimed his life on December 26, 2017. “Families, well-wishers and the entire nation prayed for his recovery. “The transformation of his condition within just a few months was nothing short of a miracle. “He recovered by the will of God and the goodwill of his parents. God was definitely not finished with the young man.” The author quoted Yusuf as saying that Aisha is very involved in and inquisitive about her children’s lives. “I can’t do anything without telling her, and even when I know she will disagree, I still have to tell her. “Sometimes when she disagrees, I still go ahead to do what I want and then she will let me learn the hard way, still with no judgment,” Yusuf was quoted to have said.  Source By Ahmed Ubandoma   Abuja   -      The wife of the President, Mrs Aisha Buhari, has expressed her profound appreciation to Nigerians for the successful return of her son, Yusuf Buhari, from medical treatment after sustaining injury from motor-bike accident in Abuja. Mrs Buhari, who expressed her appreciation… In "News" President Muhammadu Buhari and members of his household on Sunday morning observed the Eid-el-Fitr prayers at the Presidential Villa, Abuja. The prayers were held at his residence with members of the first family in attendance. His wife, Aisha, son, Yusuf, and other children were sighted attending the prayer session with… In "Politics" The last may not have been heard in the crisis rocking Aso Villa, Nigeria's seat of power in Abuja, where wife of President Muhammadu Buhari, Aisha, has waged an open and bitter war against some persons close to her husband including his Personal Assistant, Sabiu 'Tunde' Yusuf, and Mamman Daura,… In "Politics"