Abuja (Sundiata Post) –   Imo state is on the news again for the wrong reason  as another security breach has been recorded in Okigwe zone just before the dust of the security breach in Oru East Local government area of Imo State is yet to settle after reprisal attack on Governor Hope Uzodimma’s Country home, over the killing of IPOB Commander, Ikonso. As at press time, Okigwe Zonal Police Command was attacked this evening, recording killing of five policemen while one was said to be missing. Body of Ikonso, Commander of ESN lying in quietude after he was killed by a combined operation of army, Police and DSSRecall that in NewsTrack Nigeria on April 5, 2021 had reported the attack on Imo Police Command and Correctional Service though no death was recorded. Over 60 vehicles were reportedly burnt and some administrative buildings razed. Over 1800 inmates were reported released as they fled the facility. The climax was the attack on Governor’s country home with the destruction of vehicles and outer buildings for security and guests. The incident has been condemned by the All Progressives Congress, notable political leaders across the country. In Imo, it is one day one attack. The only certainty in the State is uncertainty. The situation calls for leadership, prayers , tact and diplomacy. Source In what appeared to be a well-planned attack, about a dozen men armed with AK 47 and grenades on Saturday killed about eight people, including three security personnel, and set the country home of Governor Hope Uzodinma of Imo State at Omuma, Oru East Local Government Area of the state… In "News" •Ikonso Commander in life and death Operatives of the Nigeria Police Force and their counterparts from the Nigerian Army and Department of State Security Service (DSS) in a joint operation, in the early hours of today, April 24, 2021 stormed the operational headquarters of suspected insurgents described as IPOB militias… In "Security" Abuja - Following the death of the leader of the Eastern Security Network, ESN, Commander Ikonso, yesterday, the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, Sunday said that the military wing of the group has gotten a new commander. A tactical team of the Nigeria Police, Nigerian Army, and Department of State… In "Top Stories"