ve leave, but would not disclose any further details, citing the active investigation into Wright’s death.  Wright, a 20-year-old Black man was shot and killed during a traffic stop just before 2 p.m. Sunday in Brooklyn Center, after officer Potter said she mistook her taser for a gun and fired at him. He died about 10 miles from where George Floyd, another black man was killed by a Minneapolis police officer last year. Following the news of his death, hundreds of people gathered to protest, and after a night of unrest, including looting, the National Guard was called in and a curfew was declared. President Biden has called for any protests against Wright’s shooting to remain “peaceful.” “There is absolutely no justification, none, for looting, no justification for violence. Peaceful protests, understandable, and the fact is that, you know, we do know that the anger, pain, and trauma that exists in the Black community in that environment is real, it’s serious and it’s consequential. But it will not justify violence and/or looting,” he said. “And we should listen to Daunte’s mom, who is calling for peace and calm,” he said.  Source The President of America, Joe Biden has called for calm after a female police officer shot dead a 20-year-old black man, Daunte Wright. A police body camera captured the moment the female police officer shot and killed 20-year-old black man during a weekend traffic stop near Minneapolis. Daunte Wright, a… In "Foreign" Minneapolis  - A Minneapolis area police officer fatally shot a black man during a traffic stop, local law enforcement said on Thursday. The death of the man identified by his family as Philando Castile, 32, came hours after the U.S. Justice Department said it had opened an investigation into Tuesday's… In "Foreign" By Sam Karlin BATON ROUGE, La.  - A gunman killed three police officers and wounded three others in Louisiana's capital on Sunday, just days after the police shooting of a black man there sparked nationwide protests, one of which led to the massacre of five Dallas policemen. Officers in Baton… In "Foreign"