A chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Delta State, Olorogun Ovoke Oshasha, was at the weekend attacked by gunmen at Ughelli Town, Ughelli North Local Government Area of Delta State.  It was learnt the victim was driving about 4.30pm when he was shot. He, however, escaped. The Nation gathered that there was pandemonium in the vicinity after the gunmen who drove in a Highlander SUV opened fire on him. A source said Oshasha sustained injuries on his chest and was rushed to a nearby hospital. Oshasha, who was going to pick up invitation cards from a printing press in Oniemo, said he noticed the sky-blue Toyota Highlander SUV trailing him from Afiesere Road. As he pulled over, the gunmen overtook and parked in his front. “I sensed danger and immediately engaged my car into reverse. The gunmen shot at me with AK-p47 rifles. I was stuck after the bullets hit my chest and the attackers, taking me for dead, took my phones, hand chain, beads and left,” he said. Police spokesman Bright Edafe confirmed the incident and said investigation had begun.  Source Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Logara/Umuohiagu ward in Ngor Okpala council area of Imo State, Ifeanyi Ozoemena, has reportedly been killed by unknown gunmen. The APC chieftain was killed, on Tuesday night, February 19, shortly after presiding over a meeting of the party in the ward. The… In "Top Stories" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Chieftain of the All Progressives Congress, APC and candidate for Ughelli North local government council in the last local government elections in Delta State, Chief Evans Akponana who was kidnapped last Thursday, has been released by his abductors. Chief Evans was reportedly kidnapped last Thursday at… In "Top Stories" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Gunmen in the early hours of Sunday invaded the residence of the Nasarawa State Commissoner for Higher Education, Chief Clement Uhembe, and killed a 400 level student of the Federal University, Lafia, Terlumum Hemba. The incident was reported to have occurred at the Kaduna Koro area,… In "Top Stories"