Doyin Okupe, a Senior Special Assistant to former President, Goodluck Jonathan has given reasons why the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, must zone the presidency to the South in the 2023 Presidential elections.  Okupe in a Twitter thread on Thursday said if a Northern president emerges as Presi dent after Buhari’s tenure then it is possible for the north to rule Nigeria forever. His tweets read: “If PDP picks a Northern candidate for the 2023 elections and because the Nigerian electorates are still largely parochial, that candidate wins at the general elections, then the north will rule for another 8 years, making it 16 years at a stretch. “If this type of ” clever political manoeuvering,” is employed to alternate northern candidates between political parties, then it is possible for the north to rule the country in perpetuity.” Okupe further proposed the adoption of a policy concession in order to satisfy the South West region for a South West president to emerge. “There is no doubt that what I am proposing is a form of political concession. But this is not strange in our political system and history. “To assuage the SW in 1999 after Abiola’s unfortunate death, a national consensus was adopted to ensure the emergence of a southwest President.” He urged the PDP to adopt zoning the presidency to the South and not be insensitive to the plight of the Southerners who are yet to produce an elected President. Okupe stressed that the peaceful coexistence of Nigeria can only be achieved on fairness and equity. “ Therefore for the purpose of equity, fairness and continued unity of the country, our party the PDP must categorically zone the presidency to the south. “ To do otherwise is to exploit political crass opportunism which will be insensitive to the current feeling among most self respecting southerners in the country. “It is an undeniable fact that cannot be ignored that a zone in the south is yet to produce an elected president. “ The unity and continued peaceful coexistence of our nation can only be predicated on the time tested principle of equity, fairness and justice,” Okupe tweeted.  Source The battle for 2023 presidency is currently leading to division among the Northern leaders over where the presidency should go to despite the insistence of some gladiators that the North must retain power beyond 2023. Saturday Telegraph exclusively gathered that while prominent leaders of the apex Northern group, Arewa Consultative… In "News" A former aide to ex-president Goodluck Jonathan, Mr. Doyin Okupe, has apologised for his comment on the 2023 elections and Igbo presidency. Calls for a Nigerian president of Igbo extraction has continued to generate heated controversies as the country's next general elections move closer. But in a Twitter post on… In "Features" About three years to the next general election, the race for Nigeria’s No 1 post, has earnestly begun. President- Muhammadu Buhari is constitutionally disqualified from re contesting as the position has a two-term limit. There is a vacancy in Aso rock by 2023, and the big question is who will… In "Opinion"