Veteran singer Kelly Hansome has called out Mavin Records boss, Michael Collins Ajereh, popularly known as Don Jazzy and accused him of arresting him with Police operatives. According to Kelly Hansome, Don Jazzy allegedly arrested him, handcuffed him from Kano to Abuja and used his dogs to intimidate him. The music star made these known while reacting to Don Jazzy’s recent interview with Ebuka where he dared anyone to come out and accuse him of doing any wrong. Don Jazzy had said: “I want somebody to come outside and beat their chest and say Don Jazzy did not treat me right. “Then at that point, we might now be responding to something. don’t think there is anybody on the surface of earth that would say, this is what Don Jazzy did to me, whether boyfriend, girlfriend that would just say this is what I did. I go out of my way…ask the people close to me, I dey take pain for people.” Kelly Hansome in response to Don Jazzy’s claim of not ever hurting anyone revealed he was arrested by the music producer with men of the disbanded Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS). He said: “Did he also state when he and his girlfriend arrested me with SARS and moved me from Kano to Abuja in handcuffs? “No he won’t say that part but it happened. Did he say when he sent his dogs to intimidate me and @rexidaminabo? No. Thank God Festus Keyamo is still alive.” However, the Mavin Records CEO is yet to respond to Kelly Handsome’s accusation. The Nation Nigerian musician and producer, Don Jazzy has stated clearly that no amount of pressure will force him to get married when he's not ready.   Nigerian record producer and singer, Don Jazzy has stressed that he cannot be forced into marriage by anyone. The 36-year-old record producer, who is constantly disturbed by… In "Entertainment" After seven years, the musical relationship between Tiwa Savage and Don Jazzy’s Mavins Global has come to an end as the singer signed an exclusive global recording agreement with Universal music group, an international record label. Tiwa Savage had a great run in 2018 as she made history as the… In "Entertainment" By Busayo Onijala   Lagos -   The father of foremost Nigerian music producer Don Jazzy, has bagged a Bachelors Degree in Film and Television production. Don Jazzy, the CEO of music company, Mavin Records, made this known in a congratulatory post to his father, Collins Enebeli, on social media.… In "Entertainment"