The Okordia-Rumekpe 14-inch crude truckline operated by Shell Petroleum Development Company (SPDC) has discharged some 213 barrels of crude oil into Ikarama community in Bayelsa.  SPDC’s Media Relations Manager, Mr Bamidele Odugbesan, confirmed the leakage and said that probe into the incident had been concluded. A Joint Investigative Visit’s (JIV) report obtained by the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on the incident on Thursday confirmed that the incident occured on April 7, while the investigation was concluded on April 12. JIV is a statutory probe into the cause of any recorded spill incident involving the oil firm, regulators, host communities and state ministries of environment. The JIV report concluded that the spill was an operational mishap traced to equipment failure which impacted nearby palm trees and fish ponds. It recommended remediation of the site. The report indicated that an estimated 1.34 hectares of land was polluted by the leakage which followed a rupture on the pipeline. According to the report, out of the 213 barrels of SPDC’s bonny light crude stream leak, some 110 barrels are recoverable from the ongoing recovery exercise at the site, leaving an estimated spilled volume at 109.12 barrels. The JIV report, which anticipated that oil recovery would be concluded before the end of April, also recommended replacement of sections of the pipeline to restore its integrity.  (NAN) By Nathan Nkwakama Yenagoa, - The Nembe Creek Trunk Line (NCTL) resumed normal operations on March 7 following the plugging of a leak which necessitated the shutdown of the facility on Feb. 28. A spokesperson for Aiteo Eastern Exploration and Production the operator of the 97 km NCTL, Mr Masade… In "Business" By Nathan Nwakamma Yenagoa - The oil spill at Angiama community in Southern Ijaw Local Government Area in Bayelsa in March has been traced to equipment failure, the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports. The spill reportedly emanated from Well No. 13 at the oilfield operated by Shell Petroleum Development… In "Metro" Yenagoa - An Environmental Rights group has condemned what it called the ‘slow response of Shell Petroleum Development Company (SPDC) to the oil spill incident of July 12,2015 at the Adibawa Oil field, operated by the company. Environmental Rights Action/Friends of the Earth Nigeria (ERA/FoEN) made the condemnation in its… In "News"