•Dr Isa Pantami By Victor Oso Anger and disdain has greeted Presidency’s yesterday defence of embattled Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Isa Pantami.Pantami has been in the news lately over sermons he delivered over a decade ago that supported extremist groups such as Taliban and Al-Qaeda.Although he has renounced these teachings, blaming his immaturity at that time, Nigerians on social media have demanded his resignation from office. The Presidency, in a statement on Thursday, by President Muhammadu Buhari’s spokesperson, Garba Shehu said the administration “stands behind Minister Pantami and all Nigerian citizens to ensure they receive fair treatment, fair prices, and fair protection in ICT services.”Shehu also said the administration would commence an investigation into allegations that some businesses were behind the attacks on the minister.“The government is now investigating the veracity behind these claims of attempted inducement, and – should they be found to hold credence – police and judicial action must be expected,” he said. Government’s stand has however, stoked social media storm with many people on Twitter, especially, lambasting the administration for taking sides with the minister.Writing under ‘Fisayo Soyombo@fisayosoyombo said “The Presidency was gifted a landmark opportunity to proclaim its aversion to terror. Instead, it released a statement ‘standing by’ Pantami. This is tacit endorsement of terrorism. The govt is emboldening people to go ahead & spew hate, & return years later to a pat on the back.Another tweet byAloba O. Gideon@deluxe_k stated that “Grave actions committed in the past don’t have consequences ~ summary of Presidency’s stance on Pantami issue.”He added, “A precedent is set by APC’s presidency by the released statement backing Pantami. Sometimes, silence is golden. They should have kept quiet.” Showing his disdain, another Twitter user writing under the IDGreat Oracle@AbdulMahmud01 said “Am I disappointed at the statement of the Presidency on Pantami? NO. It was expected. Leadership of our country has been hijacked by a narrow and sectarian cabal with feudal agenda. Did the presidency expect the reactions witnessed here? No. Una shock am.” Another tweet byOlu’Seun Esan@OluseunEsan17 said“No one should be disappointed by the@GarShehustatement from the Presidency being the position of the government on Pantami.Is it not this same government that is rehabilitating ‘repentant’ Boko Haram terrorists?The government is rehabilitating Pantami.C’est fini!” •Dr Isa Pantami ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The Presidency this Thursday evening rose in stout defence of Dr Isa Pantami, the minister of communication and digital economy, who has been in the eye of the storm over extremist views he expressed in the years prior to coming to public office.… In "Top Stories" The Presidency may have ruled out the possibility of sacking the Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Isa Pantami. The Presidency said Pantami’s ordeals were not about his past utterances but about his current job as a minister. This is just as the House of Representatives said members were ready… In "News" The Muslim Rights Concern (MURIC) has urged the Minister of Communications and Digital Planning, Dr. Isa Pantami, to ignore calls by some people that he should resign. There have been calls for Pantami to resign over his alleged ties to terrorists sects. Pantanmi, who described the campaign for him to… In "Features"