Mr Olatunbosun Odusanya, the registrar of the Federal University, Oye Ekiti, has been suspended by the governing board of the institution over allegations of misconduct levelled against him over irregularities in recent appointments.  Odusanya, who has been directed to hand over all the university property in his care to the officer next in rank to him immediately, would henceforth be receiving half salary pending investigation and the determination of the case against him. A statement titled ‘FUOYE registrar suspended’ in Ado Ekiti on Tuesday signed by Wole Balogun, the Special Assistant to the Vice-Chancellor, Prof Abayomi Fasina, stated, “The Deputy Registrar at the VC’s office, Mr Mufutau Ibrahim, has been appointed by the University Council, as Acting Registrar of FUOYE”. The statement read, “Odusanya was suspended by the university Governing Council, chaired by Dr Mohammed Yahuza, to allow for proper investigation into allegations of misconduct levelled against him over irregularities in recent appointments.” Odusanya’s letter of suspension, which was entitled, ‘Suspension from the University, read in part, “You would please note that consequent upon the consideration of the report of the Committee on the review of appointments made in the University from August 1, 2020 to February, 2021 by Council, you were recently queried via our memo Ref. No: FUOYE/VC/CD/007 dated 6th April, 2021, for act of misconduct in the appointments. “In line with the regulations governing the Conditions of Service of Senior Staff on CONTIS 06 and the above in the University, the Pro-Chancellor and Chairman of Council, on behalf of Council, has directed that your appointment be suspended from the university with half salary, with immediate effect, pending the determination of the case against you.” The registrar, when contacted, said, “I have received the letter. I received it this morning when I got to the office. I have no further comment.”  Source Two years after facing an investigative panel constituted to probe allegations of unsatisfactory conduct, the termination of the appointment of Prof. Charles Uwakwe as the Registrar/Chief Executive of the National Examinations Council has been approved by President Muhammadu Buhari. This was as the Former Registrar was directed to hand over… In "News" Abuja(SundiataPost) - The Federal University, Oye-Ekiti (FUOYE) has wielded the big stick against two of its lecturers for an alleged misappropriation of Tertiary Education Fund (TETFund). The affected lecturers, Dr Oniyide Akingbe of the Department of English and Literary Studies as well as Dr Oluwagbemiga Adeyemi, of Demography and Social Statistics… In "Education" The Governing Council of Osun State University, UNIOSUN, has terminated the appointments of three principal officers of the state institution including the Vice-Chancellor, Professor Bashir Okesina with immediate effect. The Registrar and Bursar Dr. Julius Faniran and Alhaji Fatai Lasisi respectively were handed over to them last Tuesday. The termination… In "Politics"