Despite video clips by a terror group, Boko Haram, claiming to have shot down the missing Nigerian Air Force (NAF) Alpha-jet, the Chief of Air Staff, Air Marshal Oladayo Amao, said NAF and other security agencies are vigorously looking for the crash site.  The terror sect had claimed responsibility for the missing plane, but the Air Force dismissed the claim as fake. Amao said: “From the critical analysis of all available intelligence, it was obvious that the air accident was caused by other factors soon to be unravelled. “Efforts are still on, in collaboration with the Army and other security agencies, to find the crashed aircraft as well as the two pilots to bring the matter to a closure.” The Chief of Air Staff, in a statement by the Director Public Relations and Information Nigerian Air Force, Air Commodore Edward Gabkwet, said the incident should not deter troops from the mission of ending insurgency in the Northeast. He stated: “The events of the past few days involving the unfortunate crash of an Alpha-Jet aircraft should inspire and spur Nigerian Air Force (NAF) pilots, technicians and ground troops to remain resolute, unrelenting and undeterred in the fight against insurgency in the Northeast and other parts of the country. “Despite the sad events of the past few days, now more than ever before is the time that the NAF must show strength, determination and remain undeterred and unrelenting until the entire Northeast is rid of terrorists and other criminal elements.” He noted that, while a lot has been achieved towards degrading the capacity and capability of the insurgents, much more is needed to be done to achieve the desired level of peace and security in the region. His words: “We must continue to work assiduously, in synergy with sister services and other security agencies, to ensure that peace and security of lives and property are achieved.”  Source The Nigerian Air Force (NAF) has raised a search and rescue team for its missing Alpha-Jet. The fighter jet with two crew members lost contact with radar around 5pm on Wednesday. It was on an interdiction mission in support of ground troops in the ongoing counter-insurgency operations in Borno State,… In "News" A Sweden-based security analyst, Hugo Kaaman, has accused the Boko Haram sect of taking a clip from a 2012 incident in Syria to claim responsibility for the missing jet of the Nigerian Air Force (NAF). The NAF 475 jet deployed against the insurgents lost contact with radar in Borno State… In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Nigerian Air Force (NAF) Alpha Jet aircraft that went off the radar in Borno State might have crashed, authorities said on Friday. The aircraft marked – NAF475 – had two crew members on board when it went missing on Wednesday in Borno State. Air Commodore… In "News"