Engr Emeka Ezenwanne, the Anambra State commissioner for public utilities, who was kidnapped on Wednesday night has regained freedom, Daily Trust reports.  Ezenwanne was kidnapped when gunmen invaded the venue of an interactive session between Prof Chukwuma Soludo, governorship aspirant of the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA), and youths of Isuofia in Aguata Local Government Area of Anambra State. The gunmen killed three policemen. Ezenwanne was abducted after he scaled a fence in attempt to escape but ran into the gunmen. A source told Daily Trust that he just spoke with the commissioner, who is reportedly in good health. He said there was no ransom paid for his release. Confirming the release, the spokesperson for Anambra State Police Command DSP, Ikenga Tochukwu, said: “The Anambra State Police Command today 4th April, 2021, wishes to confirm to the members of the Public, especially Anambra people the safety of Engr Emeka Ezenwanne, the State Commissioner for Public Utilities.” According to him, the Police, Military and other Security Agencies mounted pressure on the attackers, which forced them to release him. He said that the Commissioner returned home in the early hours of 4th April 2021.  Source Former Central Bank Governor, Prof Chukwuma Soludo, is safe, the Commissioner of Police in Anambra State, Monday Kuryas, has said. Kuryas spoke on Channels Television, after gunmen attacked Soludo on Wednesday and killed three of his police orderlies. The incident happened in Soludo’s home town in Isiofia in the Aguata… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Vice Presidential Candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party in the 2019 general election and former governor of Anambra State, Dr Peter Obi has condemned the reported attack on Prof Charles Soludo where three of his security aides were allegedly shot dead. The former… In "Top Stories" …mourns the desecration of the common heritage of Isuofia people The traditional ruler of Isuofia, Igwe (Col) C.A.O. Muoghalu, has added his voice to the condemnations trailing what he described as “a trauma-inducing incident of armed attack on a session Prof. C.C. Soludo held with the youths of Isuofia, where… In "News"