By Nathan Nwakamma YENAGOA – A middle-aged woman at Okaka area of Yenagoa, the Bayelsa State capital, on Tuesday morning stabbed a 14-year-old boy to death. Confirming the incident, police spokesman in Bayelsa, SP Asinim Butswat, said the police had to rescue the assailant from residents who mobbed her after the act. “The suspect, one Arugu Chidinma Benedicta, stabbed one Joseph Thomas, 14, with a knife; the victim was rushed to the Federal Medical Centre where he eventually died. “The suspect was mobbed before the arrival of the police. She was, however, rescued by the police and she is receiving treatment at FMC,” Butswat said. NAN gathered that the deceased, Thomas, was until his death a JSS1 student of Government Science and Technical College, Okaka. According to a resident who witnessed the alleged crime, the tragic incident occurred at about 7.45a.m. as the boy was preparing for school. The deceased was reportedly stabbed on the upper part of his shoulder and chest by the middle-aged woman.. Although the motive behind the attack could not be immediately ascertained, the source told NAN that the suspect had been involved in a lingering feud with the deceased’s grandmother. “When the suspect, armed with a knife, went to the residence of her target, the unsuspecting boy walked into the knife wielding woman, who repeatedly stabbed him on his shoulder and chest,” said the source. (NAN) By Simon Utebor, Yenagoa A 28-year-old lady, Ebiere Ezekiel, has reportedly stabbed her boyfriend, Godgift Aboh to death, over an argument about missing N1,500. It was learnt that the incident occurred at Obele in Yenagoa Local Government Area of Bayelsa State. The suspect, Ezekiel, a hairdresser, is said to have… In "Metro" By Nathan Nwakamma Yenagoa - A man, 28, identified as Munabo Tonworio, resident of Oluasiri in Nembe Local Government Area of Bayelsa has allegedly shot dead his girlfriend over suspicion of cheating on him. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) gathered that the incident occurred on Sunday night at about… In "News" A 27-year-old man, Oliver Promise, has allegedly beaten his 18-year-old lover, Esther Pascal, to death. The lovers, who had a two-year-old daughter together, reportedly fought at their residence in the Amarata area of Yenagoa, Bayelsa State, on Sunday. According to PUNCH Metro the fight bordered on money for upkeep and… In "News"