Twenty-four hours after gunmen attacked a former Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria, Prof Chukwuma Soludo, he said the operation lasted for more than 10 minutes. Bandits had opened fire during a town hall meeting at the Isuofia community in Aguata Local Government Area of Anambra State, killing three of his security aides. But Soludo, who spoke on Thursday during an interview on Channels Television’s Politics Today narrated how gunmen attacked him. “When it was all over, it took several minutes, 10 or 15 minutes of continuous gun battles going back and forth of stopping, starting again,” Soludo said. “By the time we all came back, we saw three bodies lying in the pool of their blood. They were the three policemen. May God grant their soul eternal rest. “At first I thought, maybe the policemen were shooting in the air. Until I began to hear people screaming and all of that and everybody just scampered for safety. “Just as I was about to wrap up the town hall meeting and said finally for them now to open up for comments and answers, there were gunshots.” While commiserating with the families of the slain officers, Soludo promised to support them. He described the attack as senseless, noting that no political office should be worth the blood of a chicken, how much a human life. (Channels TV) Former Central Bank Governor, Prof Chukwuma Soludo, is safe, the Commissioner of Police in Anambra State, Monday Kuryas, has said. Kuryas spoke on Channels Television, after gunmen attacked Soludo on Wednesday and killed three of his police orderlies. The incident happened in Soludo’s home town in Isiofia in the Aguata… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Vice Presidential Candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party in the 2019 general election and former governor of Anambra State, Dr Peter Obi has condemned the reported attack on Prof Charles Soludo where three of his security aides were allegedly shot dead. The former… In "Top Stories" A couple of minutes ago, unknown gunmen disrupted an interactive session between Isuofia youths and a former Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria, Prof Chukwuma Soludo at the town’s civic centre. Two policemen were reportedly shot dead. There is a serious stampede now in Afuzo area of Isuofia which… In "News"