By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  The Senate, on Wednesday, passed two bills to establish two Federal Universities in Kogi State. They are the Federal University of Education, Ankpa, and the Federal University of Agriculture, Kabba. The passage of the bills seeking to establish both Universities followed the consideration of two separate reports by the Committee on Tertiary Institutions and TETFUND. Vice Chairman of the Committee, Senator Betty Apiafi (PDP, Rivers West), in her presentation on behalf of the Chairman, Baba Kaita Ahmad (APC, Katsina North), said the establishment of the Federal University of Education, Ankpa, became imperative in view of the need to find solutions to the problems of the education sector in Nigeria. According to the lawmaker, the institution when established, would “provide and promote sound basic education training as a foundation for the development of Nigeria, taking into account indigenous culture and the need to enhance national unity.” Apiafi, in her second presentation to establish the Federal University of Agriculture, Kabba, added further that the institution would develop and offer academic and professional programmes with emphasis on planning, adaptive, technical, maintenance, developmental and productive skills in Agricultural Engineering, livestock, aquatic, horticulture and crop sciences and allied professional disciplines relating to agriculture. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate on Tuesday considered a bill seeking to improve credit repayment culture, reduce non-performing loans in the banking sector, streamline loan recovery watch-list consistent loan defaulters with the view to track and blacklist them.  The bill which scaled second reading was referred… In "News" By Friday Idachaba   Lokoja   -      Kogi House of Assembly has passed into law, a Bill for a Law to provide for the Establishment of Youth Development Commission, Implementation of Sustainable Youth Policy and other matters connected therewith, 2018. The Bill is among the five passed into… In "News" …Wants Almajiri Education Integrated into Educational SystemBy Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate on Tuesday passed a bill to give legal backing to the establishment of the Nigerian Army University, Biu, Borno State. The passage of the bill followed a clause-by-clause consideration of the report of the Committee on… In "Top Stories"