•Dr Isa Pantami ABUJA (Sundiata Post) – The Presidency this Thursday evening rose in stout defence of Dr Isa Pantami, the minister of communication and digital economy, who has been in the eye of the storm over extremist views he expressed in the years prior to coming to public office. In a statement issued by Mallam Garba Shehu, Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, the Presidency said Pantami was being attacked not because of views he expressed in the past and which he had repudiated but by interests that seek to derail his lofty measures that have brought benefits to Nigerians inform of low data tarrif and the role he played in using ICT to help Nigeria exit covid-19-induced recession.The statement said the government would investigate the allegation of attempted inducement of editors to malign the minister “and – should they be found to hold credence – police and judicial action must be expected.” A former assistant director with the Department of State Services (DSS), Dennis Amachree, has said the secret police had informed both the Presidency and the Senate about Pantami’s extremist views before his appointment as minister. Amachree said the DSS screened the embattled Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Isa Pantami, before his confirmation as Minister in 2019 and submitted it report to the Presidency and the Senate.The ex-DSS director spoke on Wednesday while featuring on PUNCH Online interview programme: The Roundtable. The Presidency’s full statement reads: STATEMENT BY THE PRESIDENCY ON RECENT CAMPAIGN AGAINST THE MINISTER OF COMMUNICATIONS AND DIGITAL ECONOMY Today, there is an unfortunate fashion in public discourse that makes leaders in politics, religion, and civil society liable in the present for every statement they have ever made in the past – no matter how long ago, and even after they have later rejected them.This insidious phenomenon seeks to cancel the careers of others on the  basis of a thing they have said, regardless of when they said it.The Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr Isa Ali Ibrahim Pantami is, currently, subject to a “cancel campaign” instigated by those who seek his removal. They do not really care what he may or may not have said some 20 years ago: that is merely the instrument they are using to attempt to “cancel” him. But they will profit should he be stopped from making decisions that improve the lives of everyday Nigerians.The Minister has, rightly, apologized for what he said in the early 2000s. The views were absolutely unacceptable then, and would be equally unacceptable today, were he to repeat them. But he will not repeat them – for he has publicly and permanently condemned his earlier utterances as wrong.In the 2000s, the Minister was a man in his twenties; next year he will be 50. Time has passed, and people and their opinions – often rightly – change.But all discerning Nigerians know this manufactured dispute is nothing to do with the Minister’s prior words, but solely concern his actions in the present.This Administration is committed to improving the lives of all Nigerians – and that includes ensuring they are not over-charged or under-protected for those services on which modern life depends.The Minister has been leading the charge against illegal data deductions and pricing; he has revolutionized the government’s virtual public engagement to respond to COVID-19 and save taxpayers’ money; he has established ICT start-up centres to boost youth entrepreneurship and create jobs; he has changed policy to ensure locally produced ICT content is used by ministries, starting with his own; and he has deregistered some 9.2 million SIMs – ending the ability for criminals and terrorists to flagrantly use mobile networks undetected. In two short years, Minister Pantami has driven the contribution of the ICT sector to the GDP to more than 18 percent, making it one of the top two playing a critical role in the emergence of the economy from the COVID 19-induced recession.In putting people first, the Minister and this administration have made enemies. There are those in the opposition who see success and want it halted by any means. And there is now well-reported information that alleges newspaper editors rebuffed an attempt to financially induce them to run a smear campaign against the minister by some ICT companies, many of which do indeed stand to lose financially through lower prices and greater consumer protections. The government is now investigating the veracity behind these claims of attempted inducement, and – should they be found to hold credence – police and judicial action must be expected.The Administration stands behind Minister Pantami and all Nigerian citizens to ensure they receive fair treatment, fair prices, and fair protection in ICT services. Garba ShehuSenior Special Assistant to the President(Media & Publicity)April 22, 2021 The federal government says there is no plan to lift the ban on new Subscriber Identification Module (SIM) registration any time soon, for security reasons, disclosing that SIM registrations carried out in the past had been compromised. The Minister of Communication and Digital Economy, Dr Isa Pantami, stated this at… In "News" By Jessica Dogo Abuja - The Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr Isa Pantami, says the draft document on the Executive Order protecting Telecommunications Infrastructure across the country has been reviewed by the relevant authorities. He added that the draft was awaiting presidential assent. Pantami disclosed this during his… In "Technology" By Jessica Dogo Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari endorsed the trial of 5G technology at the MTN first live demo of 5G network (5th generation network technology) on Monday in Abuja. He was represented at the occasion by the Minister of  Communications and Digital Technology, Dr Isa Pantami. Buhari expressed… In "News"