A bill seeking to create a database for cows in the country has elicited a flurry of reactions. The Nation learnt the bill for an act to provide for National Livestock Bureau scaled second reading at Tuesday’s plenary session. According to the proposed law sponsored by Senator Muhammad Enagi (Niger South), the agency will be in charge of identification, traceability and registration of livestock such as cows and goats to among other things curb cattle rustling. It will also ensure the protection, control and management of all livestock in Nigeria. Enagi said in addition to checking cattle rustling, the bill will help address the diseases and other threats to human lives caused by the movement of livestock. He said the agency in charge will also ensure that animal products being imported into, or sold in, Nigeria are easily traced to ensure human safety. The Senator said livestock identification by the agency will include ownership and other details including their origin, birthplace, sex and breed. But Nigerians on social media carpeted the Senate for considering such bill, describing it as irrelevant. Social commentator Adetutu Balogun said: “A country yet to complete a National Database for people is proposing a National Database for Cows. Thank you you United Kingdom for my citizenship.” Co-founder and Chief Operations Officer PiggyVest Odunayo Eweniyi tweeted:”Not a single unified database for the people, but sureeeee let’s do it for the cows.” Dr Olufunmilayo said: “Twitter to open Africa HQ in Ghana. Amazon to put Africa HQ in South Africa. Germany to open Global Pandemic Prevention Centre in Ghana. “Guess what Nigeria is doing? Nigeria to have National Database for Cows. Pls don’t laugh. This is a true life story from the Giant of Africa.” Sodiq Tade wrote: “Serious Countries are putting in place policies to attract huge Investors, but in Nigeria we are working on creating National database for cows. Sigh” Ifa Funsho argued: “If Nigeria is not a zoo, how can senators be talking about database for cows not data base for Nigerians?” (The Nation) The Senate is considering a bill seeking to create a database for cows. The bill for an Act to ‘establish national livestock and management (protection, control and management etc) bureau’ is being sponsored by Bima Enagi (APC, Niger South) and it scaled a second reading on Tuesday, April 20. The… In "News" ...as Lawan notes that livestock industry is critical to economy By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - A bill for an Act to establish the National Livestock Identification and Management Bureau scaled second reading on the floor of the Senate.   This is also as the Presidentt of the Senate,… In "Top Stories" By Philip Obaji Jr. When Boko Haram stormed the Cameroonian border town of Fotokol in January 2016, it looked like it was yet another episode of killings, petrol bombing, and abductions, but the jihadists had a different strategy in mind. Armed with machetes and machine guns, the militants shot at… In "Features"