National President of the Nigeria Youth Union (NYU), Chinonso Obasi, has been invited by the Department of State Security Services (DSS) alongside other youth leaders over plan to disrupt official activities at Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja.  Obasi confirmed the invitation by the security agency, saying he was expected to be at DSS headquarters on Wednesday morning. The secret police wants the youth leaders to explain why they want to shut down the airport with a protest. Youth groups, comprising of Nigeria Youth Union (NYU), National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS), National Association of Polytechnic Students (NAPS), National Association of Colleges of Education Students (NACES), Coalition of Northern Groups (CNG), Northern Youths Initaitive for Peace and Good Governance, had planned to disrupt peaceful activities at the airport on Wednesday to raise global awareness on the deplorable state of Primary Healthcare Centres (PHCs) in Nigeria. It was aborted because of DSS invitation of leaders of the planned protest. Organisers of the protest told reporters that the plan to shut down the airport was because of the lukewarm attitude being shown by relevant authorities, particularly the leadership of Nigerian Governors’ Forum (NGF) and Association of Local Government of Nigeria (ALGON) to their demand for a better and efficient PHCs in Nigeria. Obasi said: “Our initial plan was to shut down the airport this morning (Wednesday) but that has been put on hold because of the DSS invitation. The meeting with DSS has been scheduled for this morning. Our next line of action will be communicated after our meeting with the DSS. “Howbeit, we won’t relent until we see things change. Over 1,000 comrades are already in Abuja to participate in the planned which will help us register their discontent with the situation of public healthcare facilities in Nigeria, and we are determined to continue until we effect the needed changes so that Nigerians, mostly poor people at the rural areas can get basic health care services at the PHCs.” He recalled that in February, hundreds of the youths shut down the headquarters of the Nigeria Governors’ Forum (NGF) for few hours to protest poor state of health care system particularly the PHCs. The youth took similar action and moved to the headquarters of ALGON few weeks after, to also register their discontent with the deplorable state of PHCs in Nigeria. Obasi said the decision to stage the peaceful protest was to drive home their message to the Governors and local government chairmen on the needs to leverage on the COVID-19 pandemic to revive the PHCs which would be more beneficial to rural communities. He said: “We have privileged information from federal ministry of health that the decision to revive the PHCs is on the governor and local government administration because the health is on the concurrent list. “But we are deeply pained and grossly disenchanted that some State Governors are totally dictating what happens at the local government level with particular emphasis on directly controlling and pocketing a great chunk of local government funds.”  Source Youths under the umbrella of Nigeria Youth Union (NYU), National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS), National Youth Council of Nigeria (NYCN) and other groups have threatened to temporarily disrupt industrial peace and harmony at Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja, soon. This, they said, was to deprive the traveling elites the… In "News" By Chijioke Okoronkwo Abuja -  The National Association of Nigeria (NAN) has recommended that entry and exit points into school premises should be strictly for students and staff with valid identity cards to avoid access for non-students. NANS President, Chinonso Obasi, said this in an interview with the News Agency… In "News" Twelve people have been killed since protests against police brutality started in Nigeria about 10 days ago. Youths in states across the geopolitical zones in the country have been voicing their displeasure at police brutality and corruption.   Protesters observed the Friday Jumma’t prayers on the road while there was… In "News"