The ban placed on the registration of new sim cards by the federal government of Nigeria has been lifted.  The effective date for implementation, the government said, is Monday, April 19, 2021. It however placed NIN registration as mandatory for registering new SIM cards. The latest development was contained in revised National Digital Identity Policy for SIM Card Registration approved by President Muhammadu Buhari. A statement by Technical Assistant (Information Technology) to Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr Femi Adeluyi, reads in part: “The implementation of the Policy will commence on Monday, 19th of April 2021. “The issuance of New SIMs and other suspended activities will resume on the same date, as long as verification is done and the guidelines are fully adhered to. “The Minister has also directed NCC and NIMC to ensure that the provisions of the Policy are strictly followed by all operators and subscribers. “The Policy includes Guidelines on New SIM Acquisition and Activation, SIM Replacement, New SIM Activation for Corporates and Internet-of-Things/Machine-to-Machine (IoT/M2M), amongst others. “The possession of a National Identity number will be a prerequisite for each of these categories. For the Corporate registration, institutions will be required to appoint a Telecoms Master (at the minimum of an Executive Management level) to provide the operational Primary NIN representation. “The Telecoms Master will also be responsible for ensuring that the users provide their NINs to serve as a Secondary NIN. “For IoT/M2M activations, SIM security protocols would be implemented on the SIM profile to ensure that SIMs can only be used for point to point data services specific to the URL they are working with. All other services will be barred.”  Source The Federal government has ordered the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) to immediately revise the Policy on SIM Card registration and usage. The directive was given by the Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr. Isa Ibrahim Pantami through a statement signed by his Technical Assistant, Information Technology, Dr. Femi Adeluyi… In "News" The Federal Government will be meeting with telecommunications operators and other key stakeholders in the sector over the recent court judgement halting the government from disconnecting SIM cards not linked to National Identity Numbers by April 6. The PUNCH reported on Wednesday that a Federal High Court in Lagos State… In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The Federal Government has extended the National Identification Number (NIN) and Subscriber Identity Module (SIM) linkage exercise by eight weeks. This is the second extension of the exercise. The first extended deadline was 9 February 2021. Under the latest extension the exercise will now end on… In "Top Stories"