Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  Former governor of Niger State, and then Northern Governors’ Forum chairman, Babangida Aliyu, on Friday revealed why northern governors of the Peoples Democratic Party worked against the re-election of former President Goodluck Jonathan in 2015. He said they worked against Jonathan’s re-election because he reneged on an agreement not to seek a second term. Aliyu said this in a statement he signed titled, ‘Why We Opposed Jonathan’s Second Term Bid –Babangida Aliyu.’ He was reacting to his purported suspension by the PDP in Chachanga Local Government Area of Niger State for alleged anti-party activities, including working against Jonathan in 2015. Jonathan lost to the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), the candidate of the All Progressives Congress. He said, “All the governors in the North under the PDP supported the then Vice-President Goodluck Jonathan to complete the remaining years of Yar’Adua’s tenure and to contest the next presidential election as a sole candidate of our great party However, midway, President Goodluck Jonathan insisted to run for the office in 2015 against the grain of our earlier agreement. “Since this was against the grain of our earlier agreement in the party, and which we, the governors in the North felt the North would have been short-changed if Jonathan had succeeded, we rose stoutly to insist on the agreement we all had.On that premise, we opposed Jonathan. But all along, Goodluck Jonathan had enjoyed every support from the governors in the north and the entire region.” Aliyu, who was a former chairman of the Northern States Governors Forum and a former leader of a PDP faction, said the North stood disadvantaged by Yar’Adua’s death and the insistence that Jonathan should run for the office of president in 2015. He said, “We acted in good spirit and argued our points based on principle and on the subsisting agreement we had with Goodluck Ebele Jonathan. That agreement was written and accepted by all. “We didn’t oppose Jonathan but we were opposed to his insistence on a second term in office because the North would have lost out completely.” It is, therefore, wrong for anyone to erroneously say that I, Dr Mu’azu Babangida Aliyu, had opposed Goodluck Jonathan,” he added. Aliyu, Ohakim back chairman’s ouster •North rejects Jonathan as BoT chair •President backs moves to revive party The agitation for resignation of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) National Chairman, Mallam Adamu Muazu, has polarised the party’s governors. Several PDP Northern governors have thrown their lot with the embattled party boss. Championing his exit… In "News" By Reno Omokri The recent revelations from Segun Adeniyi's book, Against the Run of Play: How an incumbent president was defeated in Nigeria, have promoted reactions and counter reactions to some of the more astounding accounts detailed in that book. Former President Jonathan in his interview with Segun Adeniyi, gave… In "Opinion" ABUJA - PDP North-Central Governors on Saturday promised to deliver 100 per cent votes to ensure [pro_ad_display_adzone id="10"] the re-election of President Goodluck Jonathan in next month's general elections. They made the pledge at the end of their closed door meeting with Senate President David Mark and all the PDP… In "News"