Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari has been urged to stop complaining about past leaders and concentrate on delivering the dividend of democracy for which he was elected.  The advice was given by the Christian Association of Nigeria on Tuesday while describing the President as incompetent. CAN also described the current administration as being religiously biased. The President of the association, Samson Ayokunle, said this in Abeokuta, Ogun state capital while speaking at the Holy Convocation organised by the Victory Life Bible Church. Ayokunle, who spoke on the theme of the convocation, ‘The state of the nation: The way forward’, argued that the insecurity and other vices being witnessed in the country were as a result of negligence on the part of the Buhari administration. Ayokunle, who also worried about the spate of insecurity and criminality in the country, lamented that criminals were being more professional than various security outfits in Nigeria. He said about the President, “We put you there to secure the nation; we didn’t put you there to be complaining about bad leaders. “The criminals are behaving more professional than the regular law enforcement agents. You were complaining about past leaders; we knew that the past leaders didn’t do well and we approach you to make change.”  Source By Abujah Racheal Abuja -  The Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) on Wednesday condoled with the leaderships of the Roman Catholic Church and the Nigerian Baptist Convention over the demise of the two clerics. The President, Rev Samson Ayokunle in a statement signed by Pastor Adebayo Oladeji, Special Assistant, Media… In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) has lashed out at Mr. John Kerry, United States Secretary of State for excluding Christians and southern Nigeria in his meetings during his recent visit to Nigeria. Describing his action as discriminatory, personal and divisive, CAN president, Rev. Dr. Supo… In "Top Stories" The Patriotic Christian Youth of Nigeria (PCYN) on Sunday accused the President of the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN), Rev Samson Ayokunle of spending over N40 million to purchase official vehicles in an era of economic recession and while many Christians are languishing in displaced camps across the country, seeking… In "News"