The Nigerian Agricultural Insurance Corporation (NAIC) said it paid a total of N1.7 billion claims to over 5,000 farmers in the past two years. NAIC, which is the only federal government owned insurance company authorised to offer agric insurance services to farmers at subsidised rate, said a breakdown of the paid claims showed that it paid N856 million to insured farmers in 2019 and N848 million in 2020. Commenting on the development, NAIC Managing Director, Mrs. Folashade Joseph, said the claims were paid to the farmers to cover losses incurred in the course of doing business. Joseph, enjoined agricultural investors and lending institutions to continue to partner NAIC by taking agricultural insurance cover that will enable them remain firm in business despite unforeseen circumstances from weather conditions and other risks in order to realise the food security agenda of President Muhammadu Buhari. She said the above-mentioned amount was shared among five million farmers who suffered various setbacks in their farms as a result of natural course. According to her, the NAIC Agric Insurance Scheme was launched in 1987 by federal government to restore the confidence and productivity of Nigerian farmers who suffered losses as a result of natural disaster such as flood, drought, pest and diseases. The NAIC boss explained that the essence of the sensitisation campaign embarked by the corporation was to let the farmers know and understand exactly what NAIC does, the importance of insurance, and make them understand how insurance works, how they can access NAIC products and services, how to process their claims, as well as what insurance stands to do for them. “Agribusiness is evolving fast and so many risks are being thrown up, many new participants are coming into the business of agriculture, and the risks are on the increase if you look at them across the value chain, there is no so many participants so we need to keep sensitising the farmers and let them know we are serving them, and we need to know from them how to serve them,” she explained. Speaking further, she said, “our assurance to farmers is that when they are insured and they suffer losses covered by any of the policies they purchased, including natural disasters and whatever, they will get paid for their losses, and that is the purpose of insurance and setting up NAIC. “Our motor is ‘Plowing the Farmer Back to Business, Plowing the Farmers into Prosperity’, and we settle claims.” She said NAIC currently deals with thousands of farmers (Small, Medium, and Large scale farmers) across the country, adding that the corporation serves farmers with investment as little as N100, 000, and at the same time serves multinational farmers. Source BAUCHI - The Nigerian Agricultural Insurance Corporation (NAIC), North East Zone, has advised farmers to embrace insurance culture to safeguard their investment against calamities caused by climate change. The Zonal Manager, Malam Ahmed Arabi, gave the advice in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Thursday in… In "Business" By Okon Okon   Abuja   -      The Nigerian Agricultural Insurance Corporation (NAIC) on Friday sympathised with farmers across the country over the recent flood which ravaged their farms. Mrs Folashade Joseph, the Managing Director NAIC, conveyed the message on behalf of the Board of Directors of the agency at a… In "News" Lagos- The Federal Government on Thursday in Lagos released $5 million (about N1,130million) to the Nigerian Agricultural Insurance Company (NAIC), to reposition agricultural insurance in the country. The Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, Dr Akinwumi Adesina, disclosed this at the inauguration of the NAIC, Lagos Head Office Annex. The… In "Business"