Alhaji AbulAziz Yari, an ex-governor of Zamfara State, has told governor Bello Matawalle, that he would lose his seat if he defects to the All Progressive Congress, going by the Supreme Court’s verdict that brought him to power in 2019.  Yari spoke at the secretariat of the All Progressives Congress in Gusau on Sunday, during the distribution of N1.3bn assorted grains he purchased for the APC supporters as Ramadan gift. He was represented by Senator Kabiru Marafa. He said nobody had informed them either verbally or in writing that Matawalle was defecting to the APC. He, however, cautioned that the apex court nullified the election of the APC candidates in 2019 and announced the PDP candidates as winners who would remain in power till 2023. “As such, until after that period, any PDP elected officer who defects to another party must also vacate his seat going by the court’s judgment,” he said. Yari said Matawalle was being misled by some people to join the APC “forgetting the circumstances that have made him to become the governor of the state.”  Source By Ibrahim G. Ahmad Gusau - A former Commissioner for Information in Zamfara during the administration of ex-governor Abdulaziz Yari, Alhaji Sanda Danjari, has defected to the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). Danjari who left the All Progressives Congress (APC), was received into the PDP on Wednesday by Gov. Bello Matawalle,… In "Politics" By Abubakar Ahmed Gusau - Ten political parties in Zamfara have disassociated themselves from a court action challenging the election of Gov Bello Matawalle said to have been instituted on their behalf by the All Peoples Party (APP). The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), reports that the governorship candidate of… In "Politics" Gusau (Zamfara) - The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Zamfara State says it welcomed Thursday’s clearance by an Abuja Court of Appeal to the ruling All Progressive Congress (APC) in the state to participate in the 2019 general elections. The PDP governorship candidate in the state, Alhaji Bello Matawalle made… In "Politics"