Nigeria’s Vice President, Yemi Osinbajo has decorated the newly appointed acting Inspector-General of Police, Usman Alkali Baba.  He was decorated to his new rank in Abuja. Recall that President Muhammadu Buhari had on Tuesday approved the appointment of Usman Alkali Baba as the Acting Inspector-General of Police. The Minister of Police Affairs, Maigari Dingyadi, who disclosed this to State House correspondents at the Presidential Villa, Abuja, said that the appointment was with immediate effect. The Acting IGP replaced Mr. Mohammed Adamu whose tenure expired February 1, 2021, but President Buhari extended his tenure for three months. Until his appointment, Mr. Usman Alkali Baba was a Deputy Inspector-General, DIG of Police and will be in acting capacity pending his confirmation by the senate. Present at decoration ceremony taking place at Vice President Conference Hall are the former IGP, Mohammed Adamu, the Secretary to the Government of the Federation, SGF, Boss Mustapha, the Minister of Police Affairs, Maigari Dingyadi, Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Mallam Garba Shehu and his colleague in the office of the Vice President, Laolu Akande. Also present is the Permanent Secretary, State House, Tijjani Umar and the Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Police Affairs. Details later:..  Source By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - President Muhammadu Buhari has fired Mohammed Adamu and appointed Mr. Usman Alkali Baba, a Deputy Inspector General of Police (DIG) as Acting Inspector General of Police. The sack and appointment take with immediate effect. This piece of information was broken in Abuja today… In "Top Stories" The termination of Mohammed Adamu's appointment as Inspector General of Police while he was in Imo state has gotten reactions on social media. President Muhammadu Buhari replaced Adamu with Usman Alkali Baba on Tuesday afternoon. Adamu was inspecting the havoc wreaked on the headquarters of the Imo State Police Command… In "Social Media Feeds" AIG Mohammed Abubakar Adamu is Nigeria's new Inspector General of Police(IGP) but in acting capacity. True to News Express' report, Adamu was on Tuesday afternoon decorated as IGP by President Muhammadu Buhari and now outgone IGP Ibrahim Idris at a ceremony at the Aso Rock Villa, Abuja. Idris, who was appointed… In "Top Stories"