 ENUGU – Governors of the South-East and opinion leaders in the zone are currently in a closed-door security meeting at the Government House, Enugu State. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that leaders of religious groups, traditional and socio-cultural institutions in the area are also part of the meeting. This is the second security meeting called at the instance of the South-East Governor’s Forum in the last two weeks and might not be unconnected to the worsening security situation in the area. Recall that in the latest security breach in the region, hoodlums on Saturday attacked the country home of Imo governor, Sen Hope Uzodinma, in Omuma, Orlu, during which part of the building and some vehicles were burnt down. Already in attendance are Ebonyi governor, Chief David Umahi, Gov. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu State, Gov Okezie Ikpeazu of Abia and Deputy Governor of Imo, Mr Placid Njoku. Others are the Obi of Onitsha, Igwe Alfred Achebe, the President General, Ohaneze Ndigbo, Prof George Obiozor, Archbishop of Enugu Ecclesiastical Province, Anglican Communion, Most Rev. Emmanuel Chukwuma. Others are Chairman, Christian Association of Nigeria, South-East, former Governor of old Anambra State, Chief Jim Nwobodo, elder statesmen, Chief Emmanuel Iwuanyanwu among others. NAN further reports that the governors of the South-East had during a similar meeting held in Owerri on April 11 floated a joint security outfit code-named ‘Ebube Agu’. •L-R: Anambra state Deputy Governor, Nkem Okeke; Imo state Deputy Governor, NJona Ilonna; Governors David Umahi of Ebonyi State, Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu State and Okezie Ikpeazu of Abia state at a meeting of South East Governors Forum in Enugu, By Dennis AgboENUGU- GOVERNORS of South East geopolitical zone, on… In "Top Stories" •Gov Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu (top left), Gov Willie Obiano of Anambra State (top right), Gov Okezie Ikpeazu of Abia State (down left), Gov Dave Umahi of Ebonyi State (middle) and Gov Hope Uzodinma of Imo State OWERRI - The five states of the South-East have set up a joint… In "Top Stories" The All Progressives Congress has stepped up moves to persuade more governors from the South-East region to join it following the decision of the Ebonyi State Governor, David Umahi, to dump the Peoples Democratic Party. The PUNCH gathered on Monday that the APC Caretaker/Extra-Ordinary National Convention Planning Committee led by… In "Politics"