Unknown persons who abducted a man, Abiodun Obafaye, on Tuesday, in Ibadan, Oyo State, have made contact with the victim’s family members, demanding a ransom of N5 million. Saturday Tribune gathered that the victim was abducted under the bridge at Iwo Road by unidentified men at about 4.30 p.m while he was coming from a bank where he went to withdraw money for his Point of Sale (PoS) business. He was said to have been driven off in a commercial vehicle. The victim’s wife, Mrs Temitayo Obafaye, reportedly approached the Divisional Police Officer at Akobo Division on Thursday, at about 12.30 p.m where she was directed to after an initial report at the Agodi Division. Her report to the police was said to have been based on calls from the kidnappers through her husband’s handset, demanding a ransom of N5 million, to be paid into his personal account. It was learnt that the victim had his PoS machine with him at the time he was abducted. When contacted, the state Police Public Relations Officer, DSP Adewale Osifeso, confirmed the abduction. The PPRO said the police were investigating the matter and were on the trail of the abductors. By Isaac Ukpoju Lafia - The wife of Suleiman Abubakar, the Nasarawa state Chairman of the Correpondents Chapel of the Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ) and three other women abducted along Gudi-Keffi  Road on Wednesday, have regained their freedom.ASP Samaila Usman, the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) in Nasarawa told… In "News" The mother of a 14-year-old schoolgirl who was allegedly abducted by a three-man kidnap syndicate recently, Mrs Ukamaka Onyechi, was terribly alarmed when she got a call from her daughter’s guardian in school decrying her absence several days after school had resumed. At first, the rattled mother found the message… In "Metro" According to a report by Punch Metro, a 16-year-old girl, Chinyere, has narrated how suspected Fulani herdsmen abducted her and other co-travellers at the Okada junction on the Benin-Ore Expressway, Edo State. The victim said she was held for five days as the herdsmen tortured the men in the group… In "Metro"