The IMF also projected that in sub-Saharan Africa, growth will strengthen to 3.4 per cent in 2021, 0.2 per cent higher than the previous forecast.  The IMF expects the world economy to grow by 6 per cent in 2021, up from its 5.5 per cent forecast in January, a stronger economic recovery in 2021 as Covid-19 vaccine rollouts get underway. It, however, warns of “daunting challenges” given the different rates of administering shots across the globe. “Global prospects remain highly uncertain one year into the pandemic. New virus mutations and the accumulating human toll raise concerns, even as growing vaccine coverage lifts sentiment. Economic recoveries are diverging across countries and sectors, reflecting variation in pandemic-induced disruptions and the extent of policy support. The outlook depends not just on the outcome of the battle between the virus and vaccines—it also hinges on how effectively economic policies deployed under high uncertainty can limit lasting damage from this unprecedented crisis,” the IMF said in a statement. “Global growth is projected at 6 percent in 2021, moderating to 4.4 percent in 2022. The projections for 2021 and 2022 are stronger than in the October 2020 WEO. The upward revision reflects additional fiscal support in a few large economies, the anticipated vaccine-powered recovery in the second half of 2021, and continued adaptation of economic activity to subdued mobility. High uncertainty surrounds this outlook, related to the path of the pandemic, the effectiveness of policy support to provide a bridge to vaccine-powered normalization, and the evolution of financial conditions.” Suspicious N159billion Judgment Debt: 10 questions AGF Malami should answer In its new report, the IMF said about 95 million people are likely to fall below the extreme poverty threshold during 2020–21. “Higher debt service costs are also expected to constrain their ability to address social needs, including rising poverty and growing inequality, or to correct the setback in human capital accumulation during the crisis,” it said.  Source The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has downgraded Nigerian’s economic outlook or GDP in the 2020 fiscal period to -5.4 percent. The IMF in April 2020 had predicted a – 3.4 per cent decline in GDP. The IMF however said Nigeria’s economy will see a rebound of 2.6% in 2021 suggesting… In "News" By Chris Giles and George Parker Risk of global downturn sharply cut; Warning over ‘unbalanced’ recovery British Chancellor George Osborne was given a significant boost yesterday when the International Monetary Fund retreated from its criticism of his austerity policies and predicted that Britain would grow faster than any other rich… In "Business" US, UK and Germany to lead growth The International Monetary Fund yesterday said a stronger recovery in rich countries such as the US and UK had sharply reduced the risks of another global downturn. Although the fund forecast global growth of 3.6 per cent in 2014, rising to 3.9 per… In "Foreign"