The Chandler Good Government Index has ranked Nigeria as the third worst governed country in the world.  The report ranked the nation very low in governance, leadership and foresight, scoring the country 102 out of 104 countries with a score of 0.319 points, ahead of Zimbabwe and Venezuela.  The 2021 report released in Singapore on Monday by the Chandler Institute of Governance, noted that the ability to handle corruption properly is the strongest indicator of good governance. The index, which was the first in the series, scored Nigeria 0.44 on leadership and foresight; anti-corruption 0.45; long-term vision 0.47; strategic prioritization 0.41 and innovation 0.4. The report also ranked Nigeria low in other parameters, scoring the nation 98 in leadership and foresight; 85 in robust laws and policies; 101 in strong institutions; 88 in financial stewardship; 97 in attractive marketplace; 72 in global influence and reputation and helping people rise 98. Finland ranked number one with 0.848 points followed by Switzerland; Singapore; Netherlands; Denmark; Norway; Sweden; Germany; New Zealand and Canada. Mauritius, which was Africa’s best performer scored 0.5670, placing it at number 38 on the index. The CGGI explained that the ranking came during the COVID-19 pandemic, which exposed the strengths and weaknesses in institutions, laws, and leadership in countries as governance decides the success of these countries. The report stated, “Good governance begins with good leadership. The culture of government leadership varies from country to country, but the CGGI’s highest-performing governments are united in three ways: a commitment to integrity, a strong vision and plan for their nation’s future, and the ability to make the most of their available resources.”   Source The International Monetary Fund has ranked Nigeria as the second worst country in the world in the use of sovereign wealth funds. According to the Fiscal Monitor report released on Wednesday and seen by TheCable, Qatar was the only country worse than Nigeria on the index. The Bretton Wood institution… In "Business" By Nse Anthony-Uko ABUJA, (Sundiata Post) - Nigeria has been listed amongst the countries whose resources are yet to have social benefits as the country’s $2.4 billion Excess Crude Account (ECA) tied for the world's most poorly governed sovereign wealth fund, according to a report by the Natural Resource Governance… In "Business" By Anita Eboigbe Abuja -   Nigeria scored 47.9 in overall governance, ranking 33 out of 54 countries in Africa, the Mo Ibrahim foundation says. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the 2018 Ibrahim Index of African Governance (IIAG) was launched by the foundation during a live event on… In "News"