Following demands by Nigerians, the Federal Government may extend the ongoing vaccination against Coronavirus by two weeks.  The first phase of the vaccination is expected to end today by the Federal Government’s timeline.  At least 1.2 million doses of AstraZeneca vaccines have been administered on Nigerians. According to the Executive Director/Chief Executive Officer of the National Primary Health Care Development Agency (NPHCDA), Dr. Faisal Shuaib, the government is impressed by the response of Nigerians to the vaccination. He said: “By the vaccination timeline, the exercise ought to end today (Tuesday) but due to increasing demands by Nigerians, the government may extend the deadline. “I think, a two-week extension is likely to create more access for vaccination.” He added: “So far, 1.2m out of the 2million vaccines have been administered on Nigerians. “We will continue to provide the right environment for easier vaccination.“ Read Also: COVID – 19 vaccines: African Parliament sets up committeeConcerning when the administration of the second dose of the vaccines will begin, Shuaib said:” It is normally about eight to 12 weeks after the first dose.” According to Shuaib, the NPHCDA partnering with the Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Commission (ICPC) to monitor the deployment of the vacciners. Shuaib, in a statement, said the partnership will check any form of corruption during the vaccination process. He said the ICPC team would focus on four areas, which are: uncovering theft and embezzlement; service provision; vaccine availability; and advisory. He said anyone found culpable of extortion, diversion of vaccines and/or funds meant for the vaccination will face the full wrath of the law. Shuaib said: “In line with its determination to ensure accountability and transparency in the deployment and administration of COVID-19 vaccines in Nigeria, the National Primary Health Care Development Agency (NPHCDA) has partnered with the Independent Corrupt Practices and other Related Offences Commission (ICPC). “This collaborative effort is founded on ICPC’s three fold mandate ‘of enforcement, prevention, and public education and enlightenment to prohibit corrupt practices and other related offences. “The collaboration will ensure all appropriate anti-corruption, accountability, and transparency measures are established and sustained throughout the four phases of the COVID-19 vaccination campaigns. “These measures are imperative, as any form of corruption in the COVID-19 vaccination effort of the Federal Government will inevitably undermine the response to the pandemic, deprive citizens of their right to vaccination, and ultimately derail the goal of achieving herd immunity. “The ICPC will track and monitor the deployment and use of COVID-19 vaccines across the country, with a focus on four critical areas – theft and embezzlement; service provision; vaccine availability; and advisory. “The NPHCDA, therefore, assures the public that those with intentions of perpetrating any unlawful acts in this regard, such as extortion, diversion of vaccines and/or funds meant for the vaccination exercise, will be apprehended and would face the full wrath of the law. “The general public is therefore encouraged to report any act of corruption in the vaccination process to NPHCDA or ICPC. “COVID-19 Vaccine protects you, your family, and your community!”  Source Virologists and other medical experts have warned that 100,000 doses of the COVID-19 vaccine the country is expecting may become useless, if proper arrangements are not made for their transportation and storage. The experts, including the Chief Executive Officer of the Institute of Human Virology, Nigeria, Dr Patrick Dakum; a… In "Features" The Ebonyi State Governor, David Umahi, his Deputy, Kelechi Igwe and their spouses were on Thursday injected with the Astrazeneca COVID-19 vaccine. Others who received the vaccine are members of the State Executive Council and Local Government Council Chairmen. They were vaccinated less than 24 hours after the state government… In "Features" An electronic platform has been opened by the Federal Government for Nigerians to register in order to get coronavirus vaccine. The platform was launched on Monday. The T.E.A.C.H strategy, which combines indigenous (traditional) approaches with modern technologically enabled systems of vaccination, will leverage experiences gained during the polio immunization programs.… In "Health"