Caroline Jurie, the reigning Miss World has given up her crown amid pageant controversy.  The international Mrs. World Inc. Organisation said it has accepted the resignation of 2020 Miss World, Caroline Jurie. The organising body said it accepted Jurie’s resignation after she decided to hand over her crown. The organisation, in a statement on Wednesday, said that following Jurie’s resignation, Kate Schneider, the first runner up at the international pageant and Mrs Ireland World, will take over as the new Mrs. World 2020. Jurie was crowned the Mrs World 2020 in 2019 and was to hold the international crown till December this year. But she decided to hand over her crown after she forcibly uncrowned the Mrs. Sri Lanka 2021 winner in a pageant held in Colombo in early April. The former beauty pageant claimed the winner, Pushpika De Silva, was a divorcee and therefore was ineligible to contest in the Mrs World 2021 international pageant to be held in December. Jurie was, however, arrested by the police after a complaint was lodged by the pageant winner, De Silva and released on bail.  Source YANGON, Myanmar (AP) — A dethroned 16-year-old beauty queen from Myanmar said Tuesday she won't return her bejeweled $100,000 crown until pageant organisers apologise for calling her a liar and a thief.May Myat Noe — the country's first winner of an international beauty contest — lashed back at her accusers… In "Style" Abuja - Miss Cynthia Ugbah, winner of Queen of Trust International 2015 , has resigned her position over an alleged claims of sexual harassment by the organizers of the pageant. According to her resignation letter obtained by the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), in Abuja Cynthia said her decision was informed ``after… In "Style" By Sophie Brown Less than a month after she was crowned Miss Universe Thailand, pageant winner Weluree "Fai" Ditsayabut has relinquished her title under a barrage of criticism for comments she made online against supporters of the country's ousted prime minister. "I felt under pressure. I tried to improve myself… In "Foreign"