Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Anambra State has commenced its new membership drive across the 326 wards in the state with the target of registering 163,000 new members before the November 6 governorship election in the state. Chairman of the party in the state, Chief Ndubuisi Nwobu, disclosed this yesterday during the distribution of the party’s membership cards to the local government chairmen of the party at its secretariat in Awka, the state capital. He said that the exercise was targeted at generating at least 500 new members from each of the 326 electoral wards of the state. Nwobu said: “We target at least 500 members from each of the 326 wards in the state. We are looking at a total of 163,000 new members in the party after the one week exercise. “That is apart from the urban centres where we are hoping to get more members. We are sensitizing the state for those who are eager and prepared to become members of the party. We are not giving money to anyone to be a member. We want the people to choose us on their own volition. “We are hopeful that a lot of people will come out and register with us, because we believe that Nigerians know better about the change the APC promised, now. The change APC promised means greater insecurity, greater division and nepotism. “Here in Anambra, APGA government has taken the state backwards and only a PDP government is guaranteed to have the capacity to move the state forward. So, we are hoping that a lot of people will seize the opportunity to register with us.” Sun News By Chimezie Anaso   The leadership crisis in the Anambra chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) was thought to have been resolved after the state’s congress at the party headquarters in Awka on Dec.4, 2017. The congress was organised by the erstwhile Sen. Ahmed Makarfi-led interim National Caretaker Committee… In "Politics" By Chimezie Anaso Awka - The People Democratic Party (PDP), Anambra chapter, has announced a donation of N120 million post COVID-19 lockdown palliative to the people of the state. Chief Ndubuisi Nwobu, the state PDP Chairman, announced the donation at a news conference in Akwa on Saturday. Nwobu also inaugurated… In "News" By Emmanuel Oloniruha Abuja - The National Working Committee (NWC) of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) on Friday upheld the elections of Sir Ndubisi Nwobu-led State Working Committee of the party in Anambra. PDP National Publicity Secretary, Mr Kola Ologbondiyan, at a press conference in Abuja, said the NWC in… In "Politics"