The House of Representatives, on Wednesday, decried the spate of killings and kidnappings in Oyo and Adamawa states communities.  A member, Tolulope Akande-Sadipe, moved a motion of urgent public importance on the urgent need to intervene in the kidnappings in Oluyole Local Government Area of Oyo State, the Federal Constituency that she represents in the House. Akande-Sadipe said there had been many cases of kidnappings in the LGA in recent times, with women and men being kidnapped and various sums of money paid as ransom. “There have been several such cases,” she said. The lawmaker noted that the kidnappings had led to the killings, stressing the need for Federal Government’s intervention. She also noted that farming activities were affected in the area. She said farmers have lost the means of livelihood. Akande-Sadipe prayed the House to urge the Federal Government to urgently intervene in the security crisis, while demanding compensation for families of the victims. The lawmaker added that the House should ask the Nigeria Police Force to act and establish more police posts in the area. The motion was seconded by Shehu Koko and unanimously adopted by the House. Similarly, another member from Adamawa State, Buba Yusuf, moved a motion on the recent attack and abduction of people in a village in his constituency. The lawmaker said in the early hours of April 9, suspected Boko Haram insurgents attacked a village in his constituency, destroyed property and abducted about 52 people. “The attacks left the victims devastated,” he said. Yusuf, therefore, prayed that the House to urge the Federal Government to order the North East Development Commission and the National Emergency Management Agency as well as the Federal Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs to provide relief materials to the victims. The lawmaker also prayed the House to urge the Nigerian Army to improve its operations in the area. He said the Army should also establish a battalion in Mubi. Adopting the motion, the House mandates the Committees on Defence, Army, NEMA to ensure compliance with the resolutions.   Source By Akeem Abas Ibadan -   Mrs Tolulope Sadipe, the APC House of Representatives candidate for Oluyole Federal Constituency in Oyo State, has pledged more commitment to the industrialisation of the constituency. She told the News Agency of Nigeria(NAN) in Ibadan on Monday that she has contributed immensely to the… In "Politics" Hon. Tolulope Akande-Sadipe K, the member representing Oluyole federal constituency has said that the All Progressive Congress (APC) is poised to take back Oyo State, to restore the development legacy of Ajimobi, master-builder of the modern Oyo State. Akande-Sadipe made these remarks at the meeting with the APC National Working… In "Politics" Hon. Tolulope Akande-Sadipe K, the member representing Oluyole federal constituency at the weekend empowered 200 women and youths in her constituency in Cosmetology training. The Chairperson, House Committee on Diaspora, has also advised the beneficiaries to apply the knowledge they have acquired and judiciously make use of the start-up funding… In "News"