One of Nigeria’s most popular beatmakers and record label owner, Don Jazzy has made a new revelation about his private life. He revealed that he got married 18 years ago to an American model and writer, Michelle, but got divorced two years after. The Mavin boss posted his wedding picture which showed the couple in a warm embrace on his verified Instagram account and explained that he got divorced because he made music his priority. He wrote, “For so long everyone keeps asking me when am I getting married? Well the truth is almost 18 years ago I was 20 and I got married to my best friend Michelle @yarnstaswitch and it was beautiful. I loved love and I loved marriage. Michelle is soooo beautiful inside and outside with such a soft heart. But then me being so young and full of dreams I went and messed it up cos I was giving all my time to my Music. Music became a priority instead of my family. We got divorced when I was 22 and it hurt. I am still very much in love with my music and I wouldn’t want to marry another and mess it up again. So I’m taking my time. Why am I just saying this now?? I really like to keep my relationships private actually. Past or present. But I was watching the bounce interview with Ebuka which is almost like a tell all interview, and I felt bad skipping this huge part of my life. So yeah make una no vex o.” (sic) A post shared by ITS DON JAZZY AGAIN 😎 (@donjazzy) Source There are any Nigerian celebrity eligible bachelors and spinsters at the moment. These are some of them.  There is no gainsaying that the hoard of ravishingly gorgeous divas and extremely handsome dudes in the Nigerian show business have defied numeration. But what is more apparent is how fans seem to… In "Entertainment" Nigerian musician and producer, Don Jazzy has stated clearly that no amount of pressure will force him to get married when he's not ready.   Nigerian record producer and singer, Don Jazzy has stressed that he cannot be forced into marriage by anyone. The 36-year-old record producer, who is constantly disturbed by… In "Entertainment" Mavins Records boss Don Jazzy has finally opened up on his relationship status and love life. In a recent interview with the record producer revealed that he had a girlfriend but is not in a haste to tie the knot. He added that he is still in the process of… In "Entertainment"