Operatives of Ogun State Police Command have arrested a 36-year-old self-acclaimed Islamic cleric, Amodu Jamiu for abducting a 15-year-old girl for ritual. According to a statement issued in Abeokuta on Friday by the police spokesman, Mr. Abimbola Oyeyemi, the cleric was arrested following a report lodged at Sango Division by the victim, who reported that she was accosted and lured to an uncompleted building after being hypnotised by the suspect while she was returning home from work around 5:30 pm on April 5, 2021. Oyeyemi said that on getting to the building, the suspect striped the girl naked and used a white handkerchief to rub her private part, as well as all over her body. The statement read in part: ‘’It was a good Samaritan, who, unknown to the suspect, was watching the whole incident that came to her rescue as she has become unconscious. ‘’Upon the report, the Divisional Police Officer (DPO) Sango division, CSP Godwin Idehai, detailed his detectives to go after the suspect. He was subsequently traced and apprehended. The statement added: ‘’On interrogation, the suspect confessed that he has the intention of afflicting the victim with a sickness, which will enable him to extort her parents of the huge amount of money having successfully done it to two different persons in the past. ‘’Search warrant was executed in his house, and dangerous charms were recovered from there.’’ Oyeyemi said the suspect will be transferred to the state criminal investigation and intelligence department for further investigation and possible prosecution. The Nation A teacher in Ogun State, Mathew Adebayo, has been arrested by the police for allegedly defiling a candidate sitting the West African Senior School Certificate Examination at a private school where he teaches. City Round learnt that Adebayo was arrested after the school proprietress reported the case at the Sango… In "Metro" Men of the Ogun State Police Command have arrested a 29-year-old herbalist, Baoku Gbuyi, and a 27-year-old bricklayer, Olamide Odulaja, for allegedly killing a housewife, Modupeola Folorunsho, and her four-year-old son, Peter, for a money-making ritual. The suspects were arrested following a report by the head of the family, Abiola… In "News" Olawale Jokotoye Abeokuta - The Police Command in Ogun has arrested a 17-year-old girl, Seun Adekunle, and her 25-year-old boyfriend, Basit Olasunkanm, for allegedly faking kidnap of the girl. The Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) of the command, DSP Abimbola Oyeyemi, made the disclosure in a statement on Friday in… In "Metro"