By Aisha Cole Lagos (Sundiata Post) – The Lagos Sector Commander of the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), Corps Commander, Olusegun Ogungbemide, has called for the continuous support of stakeholders in the transport sector to stop the perennial Apapa gridlock. Ogungbemide made the call when the Transport Correspondents Association of Nigeria (TCAN), Lagos chapter, visited the command at Ojodu in Lagos on Thursday. He said if all transport stakeholders collaborated with government officials, the traffic gridlock would be a thing of the past. He said enforcement could only take care of 15 per cent of traffic challenges, adding that collaboration with stakeholders would go a long way in solving the challenges in the state. Ogunbemide commended the management of the Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) and the Lagos State government for the introduction of Traffic Management and Enforcement Compliance Team. “The problem of Apapa is beyond traffic management, we have economic boom but no boom for individuals in terms of infrastructure.“A family of four can have their four cars parked along the road in front of their house without a car park. “Some trailer operators think of the number of trailers to purchase but not thinking of parks.“As long as there is volume of traffic on Apapa routes, the traffic will still persist, unless there is multi-modern transportation,” Ogunbemide said. He commended the Federal Government on the establishment of freight cargo standard gauge railway directly from the ports. The sector commander said it would help a lot in reducing Apapa gridlock.He said completion of the rehabilitation of the Apapa Tin-Can Island Port road would also help in solving the challenges of traffic in Lagos. Reacting to the Monday and Tuesday gridlock along Apapa, Surulere and other parts of Lagos, Ogungbemide explained that the truck park at Lilypond was closed, which led to indiscriminate packing of trucks.He said it was discovered recently that trucks carrying export goods were in large numbers on Apapa road. He said the office had suggested that all the truck companies should form an umbrella body to enable government agencies sensitise them. Ogungbemide said over 89 bus rapid transport (BRT) buses that could convey about 4,450 people got burnt as a result of the end SARS crisis making a lot of people to be stranded. “The media has been assisting us in our operation and I must commend the collaboration with other transport agencies in Lagos State. “Lagos State is very dynamic and I have determined to change Lagos traffic positively.“Remember the tanker/gas incident at Kara, but the press assisted in pushing our effort, which made people to recognise our presence,” he said. Ogungbemide appreciated TCAN members for the visit and wished the Chairman of the Association, Mr Dele Aderibigbe, quick recovery from an accident he had during recently in Lagos. Earlier, the Vice Chairman of TCAN, Mr Benjamin Alade, assured the corps of prompt media coverage of its programmes until the government achieved a crash free state. (NAN) By Kazeem Akande Lagos - The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) has said that the new task team to clear Apapa gridlock were making progress as measures were also being put in place to ensure sustainability in accordance with the recent President Muhammadu Buhari’s ultimatum. The News Agency of Nigeria… In "News" By Augusta Uchediunor, Lagos -   The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) has said that the perennial gridlocks in Apapa area which had spread to other parts of Lagos would soon be a thing of the past. Mr Olalekan Morakinyo, FRSC Head of Operation in Lagos, told the News Agency… In "Metro" By Kazeem Akande/Augusta Uchediunor Lagos -  The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) on Wednesday warned that the gridlocks created by trucks and articulated vehicles on bridges in Lagos were dangerous and had damaging effects. Mr Hyginus Omeje, the Lagos State Sector Commander of the FRSC, made the remark in an… In "News"