The Governor of Imo State, Hope Uzodinma, on Wednesday revealed the identity of people that sponsored the attacks on police headquarters and correctional centre in Owerri, the state capital, on Monday, accusing aggrieved politicians of perpetrating the act.  Uzodinma made this claim while speaking on Channels TV on Wednesday. Recall that gunmen on Monday released 1,844 inmates during an attack on police facility. The outgoing Inspector–General of Police, Mohammed Adamu had accused the Indigenous People of Biafra and its security outfit, Eastern Security Network of carrying out the attack. The Imo State Governor, however, stated that aggrieved politicians were behind the attacks to destabilise his party, the All Progressives Congress. He said: “Their tactics is that they try to identify grievances of people in a particular area. If it is in Imo State and probably there are some IPOB people who are not happy, they hire hoodlums from outside Imo State, they bring them in pretending to be IPOB and they commit these crimes and they go away.” “So, it is not about IPOB. Yes, we agree, we have aggrieved IPOB members but I can tell you those who are doing this destruction, most of them were brought in from outside Imo State.” Also blaming it on politicians, the governor said, “What is important for Nigerians to know is the plot by a group of aggrieved politicians to destabilise the government of APC (All Progressives Congress).” “I have done some thorough investigation and I have some credible leads as to those who are sponsoring these activities of these hoodlums.” “I don’t want to pre-empt the investigations of other security agencies but I can tell you we are working hard to ensure the sponsors of these dastardly acts must be brought to book.”  Vanguard IMO State Governor, Hope Uzodinma, says aggrieved politicians in the country are sponsoring a “national crisis” in states controlled by the ruling All Progressives Congress in the South-East geo-political zone. Specifically, the governor said APC detractors were determined to bring down the regime of the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari… In "Politics" Governor Hope Uzodinma of Imo State on Tuesday, urged the operatives of the state police command to defend themselves against the members of Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB. The governor spoke at the command headquarters when the Inspector General of Police, Muhammed Adamu, visited the state to assess the level… In "News" THE Indigenous People of Biafra said on Monday that there was enough money to fund its security arm known as the Eastern Security Network. The group’s Media and Publicity Secretary, Emma Powerful, stated this in a press statement, adding that ESN was funded by IPOB members resident in 120 countries.… In "News"