The Nigerian Association of Women Entrepreneurs (NAWE) has called on government at all levels to provide intervention schemes for women entrepreneurs in the country.  Mrs Veronica Ndanusa, National President of the association, made the call in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Tuesday in Abuja. According to Ndanusa, there is need to create special grants and other empowerment initiatives that focuses on women-owned Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises (MSMEs) by federal, states and local governments. She said that such initiatives should include training and support to empower female entrepreneurs to strive in a competitive and male-dominated business environment. “Government at all levels should empower the Nigeria woman, build her capacity and give her the wherewithal to establish her business. “We are not talking about N10,000 or N30,000 but something that will add value to their business and boost their contribution to family and society at large. “Women need empowerment technologically and financially so they can stand shoulder to shoulder with their counterparts all over the world. “That is why we want a special focus on their economic empowerment because they play such significant role in society,” she said. Ndanusa noted that although there have been various supports for MSMEs in form of grants and other incentives, there was need to design a programme for women entrepreneurs, with special focus on rural dwellers. “I will not say that women have not benefited from government programmes over the years, but we wish more women will benefit from government intervention initiatives for Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises. “As an association, we tend to provide entrepreneurial training from time to time, and that is why we need intervention from government at all levels and donor agencies,” she said. NAWE, inaugurated on April 29, 1993 is an economic, government initiated organisation for Nigerian women devoted to entrepreneurship development. Ndanusa said that the body was operated by women entrepreneurs, who volunteer their time, skills and knowledge in empowering other women. She said that the association created enabling environment for exchange of ideas on issues of common interest, develop skills and mobilise resources for women entrepreneurs. “Building entrepreneurs is key to our nation building because once people are economically satisfied, they do not think of engaging in trouble,” she said. NAN reports that the NAWE is affiliated to the African Federation of Women Entrepreneurs and the International Federation of Women Entrepreneurs.  (NAN) By Rukayat Adeyemi     Lagos  -      An entrepreneur and caterer , Mrs Adetoun Igbafen, has appealed to the Lagos State Government to make its N5million-loan package accessible for interested entrepreneurs. Igbafen, the Managing Director, De Food Academy, Egbeda-Idimu, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Thursday… In "News" By Joy Odigie Benin -  The wife of Edo Governor, Mrs Betsy Obaseki has presented cheque of N50,000 each to 2,000 female entrepreneurs who are into Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) in the state. Obaseki presented the soft loans as part of activities to commemorate the 2018 International Women’s Day… In "News" Lack of funds hinders business growth. And in Nigeria, it is almost always part of the usual suspects young entrepreneurs list when asked what challenges they face growing their business. However, the country has recently witnessed both the private and public sectors increasingly enlist support for young Nigerian entrepreneurs with… In "Business"