By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  The Senate President, Ahmad Lawan and the Yobe State Governor, Mai Mala Buni on Thursday morning departed Abuja for Kano to condole with the Emir of Kano, Aminu Ado Bayero, on the death of his mother, Hajiya Maryam Ado Bayero. This was disclosed in a statement signed by the Special Adviser (Media) to President of the Senate, Ola Awoniyi sent to Sundiata Post. Hajiya Maryam Ado Bayero, also the mother of Emir of  Bichi, Basiru Ado Bayero, died on Saturday. They will also visit Sokoto to commiserate with the Magajin Garin Sokoto, Alhaji Hassan Danbaba also over the demise of his mother, Hajiya Aishatu Ahmadu Bello. Hajiya Aishatu who died on Friday was the second daughter of the late Premier of defunct Northern region, Sir Ahmadu Bello, the Sadauna of Sokoto. The Senate President is also being accompanied on the trip by the Senate Leader, Yahaya Abdullahi, Senator Danjuma Goje, Senator Ibrahim Gobir, Senator Sahabi Ya’u and Senator Abdullahi Gumel. They are expected to return to Abuja today, the statement added.   Despite the powerful lobby put up on his behalf by the All Progressives Congress (APC), ousted governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria, Sanusi Lamido Sanusi, has failed in his bid to succeed the late emir of Kano, Alhaji Ado Bayero, who died on Friday, June 6 at age 83… In "News" She made the statement while reacting to the recent attacks by bandits attacked in Dansadau community of Zamfara state this weekend, where no less than 15 persons were killed. A BBC Hausa service report monitored on Sunday by Vanguard reported the police in Gusau had confirmed the latest attack on… In "Politics" Kano State Governor Abdullahi Ganduje and Emir of Kano Muhammadu Sanusi II, are back on good terms. This followed intervention in the widely reported ‘war’ by some Northern Governors at the weekend. ​Sanusi is being investigated by the Kano state Public Complaint and Anti-Corruption Agency (KSPCACA) over an alleged misappropriation… In "News"