Dr Cyprian Kizito Lwanga, the Archbishop of the Archdiocese of Kampala, Uganda, has died, the Catholic Church has said.  The Archbishop was reportedly found dead in his bedroom on Saturday morning, April 3. He was aged 68. Fr Pius Male Ssentumbw confirmed the news in a statement released on Saturday afternoon. “With deep sorrow, I hereby inform you that our beloved Shepherd, the Archibishop of Kampala Archdiocese, His Grace Dr Cyprian Kizito Lwanga has been called to the House of the Lord. The Archbishop was found dead in his room this morning. We pray that the Almighty and Merciful God may grant him eternal rest. Further arrangements will be communicated later,” he said. Dr Lwanga was last seen in public on Friday, April 2, 2021, when he said mass at Rubaga Catholic church where he led the homily of Good Friday celebration. In December last year, the Archbishop was in the spotlight for calling for postponement of January 2021 elections. Addressing journalists in Kampala, Dr Lwanga who appeared with some members of the Uganda Joint Christian Council (UJCC) which he chaired suggested that the presidential elections be postponed for three years to contain the spread of coronavirus. Later, Dr Lwanga said his suggestion had been misinterpreted by the public before he decried growing cases of misinformation on social media which he said several Ugandans. During a sermon on Good Friday in April 2018, Dr Lwanga revealed that his life had been threatened by an anonymous caller who claimed the state had received information linking him to a plot to overthrow the government. The caller reportedly told him that government had recruited informants within the church’s ‘set up’- who had surrendered information to the president on the alleged plot. “A few days ago I got a telephone call and on the the telephone you can see the number of the person but it had ‘private’, so I didn’t know [who was calling]. This person had an accent from western Uganda and this is what he told me. That ‘there are many lies being told to the president’. Two, that ‘even members of these organisations have recruited your priests, your sisters, your brothers, even catechists and even seminarians.’ And I said, ‘what?’ the Archbishop said. “Even this man [anonymous caller] told me last week that be careful my Grace. You might be the next [Janan] Luwum. I said my goodness! If God wants me to die that way, I will. But if I am going to die for wrong accusations, that is criminal. You know for murdering people there are two things; you can shoot a person over what they call character assassination. So some members of ESO, ISO, CMI etcetera, they are character assassinating people and that is not good. But fortunately, those of you who are believers, there is still in a period of lent which are concluding tomorrow…I kindly call upon you to repent and stop telling lies.” Lwanga pleaded. Meanwhile, President Museveni has joined a growing list of government officials, opposition politicians and other members of the public to eulogise the Archbishop. “With profound grief, I have learnt of the death of Kampala Archbishop Cyprian Kizito Lwanga. I join the Catholic Church, all religious faithful, and the country in mourning Archbishop Lwanga. He has died in faith. May God grant his soul eternal repose,” the president tweeted. The ICT Minister, Ms Judith Nabakooba in her condolence message called for calm and asked the public to refrain from spreading speculations and what she described as false rumors about the death of the Archbishop. “Let us remain calm and wait for the church to give their last word and probably the doctors once they are done with their investigations but right now, we should remain calm and only pray for his soul,” she said. National Unity Platform (NUP) president, Robert Kyagulanyi alias Bobi Wine said it was “a dark day for the Catholic Church, and a dark day for Uganda.” “I’ve learnt with shock about the sudden death of His Grace Dr. Cyprian Kizito Lwanga, the Archbishop of Kampala. It will be very hard to cope with this unimaginable loss,” added the former presidential contender.  Source ABUJA - The archbishop of Owerri Catholic archdiocese, Valentine Obinna, has compared an alleged assault he suffered on Saturday with “Christ’s humiliation on the cross of Calvary.” He added that he had left in God’s hand his “assault” by “All Progressives Congress members loyal to the Imo State Government.” The… In "Top Stories" IKORODU (Lagos State) - The Catholic Archbishop of Lagos, Most Rev. Adewale Martins, has urged Christian faithful to embrace love and unity in order to build a stronger Christian community in the country. Martins gave the charge on Saturday at Ikorodu, Lagos state, when he visited the catholic Deanery in… In "News" Governor Rochas Okorocha has again come under fire as a fiery Catholic cleric, Rev. Fr. Ejike Mbaka, has accused him of giving a N50 million dud cheque to the Catholic Archbishop of Owerri Ecclesiastical Province, His Grace, Dr. Anthony J.V. Obinna. Mbaka told the congregation that Okorocha allegedly gave the… In "News"