By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Former Minister of Aviation Femi Fani-Kayode has revealed that the struggle for 2023 presidency is now between integrationists and separatists as against the former tussle between the ruling All Progressives Congress and opposition Peoples Democratic Party. According to Fani-Kayode, while the integrationists believe in a united, unbreakable Nigeria, the separatists believe in the balkanisation of our country into various sovereign, independent nations. Fani-Kayode who stated this on Tuesday via his twitter, lamented that the choice we make in 2023 will ultimately determine which of the two sides wins that struggle. The former minister who warned against the consequences of making a mistake of electing separatists has this to say: “If we make the mistake of electing a rudderless, incompetent geriatric, an egocentric intellectual barbarian and a bumbling and ineffectual fool whose lust for power and wealth is insatiable, who is detached from reality, who suffers from acute dementia, who refuses to acknowledge the cracks and divisions in our body politic and nation, whose only interest and motivation is the acquisition of primitive wealth and who has no interest in righting the wrongs of the past and building bridges across ethnic, regional and religious lines then our nation will break into a thousand pieces and never be one again” The statement reads in full: The struggle in Nigerian politics is no longer between the 2 major parties, namely PDP and APC, but between the integrationists, who believe in a united, unbreakable Nigeria and the separatists who believe in the balkanisation of our country into various sovereign, independent nations. The choice we make for President in 2023 will ultimately determine which of the two sides wins that struggle. If we make the right choice and elect a young, strong, decisive, tough, clear-headed, clear-thinking, de-tribalised, level-headed, restrained, sensitive, kind and compassionate bridge-builder who is ready to do the right thing, restructure the federation, establish justice and equity, liberate the oppressed, take away the pain of the people and heal their wounds Nigeria may just survive. However if we make the mistake of electing a rudderless, incompetent geriatric, an egocentric intellectual barbarian and a bumbling and ineffectual fool whose lust for power and wealth is insatiable, who is detached from reality, who suffers from acute dementia, who refuses to acknowledge the cracks and divisions in our body politic and nation, whose only interest and motivation is the acquisition of primitive wealth and who has no interest in righting the wrongs of the past and building bridges across ethnic, regional and religious lines then our nation will break into a thousand pieces and never be one again. The choice is ours. Recall that Fani-Kayode has of late been consulting and visiting politicians, especially governors including the opposition parties, an action he said is in the national interest and building bridges across party lines. He can be said to have tactically aligned himself with the incumbent governor of Kogi State, Yahaya Bello in his ambition and aspiration for 2023 Presidency. Nigeria's ex-Aviation Minister, Femi Fani-Kayode is not happy with a former senate President following his visit to ex-President Goodluck Jonathan. This comes after former senate President and ex-Governor of Kwara State, Dr. Bukola Saraki led a team to persuade former President, Goodluck Jonathan not to leave the Peoples Democratic Party,… In "Politics" ABUJA - Former aviation minister and chieftain of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP), Femi Fani-Kayode on Wednesday threatened to move motion for the separation of southwest states from Nigeria. “On August 2nd 1958 my father, Chief Remi Fani-Kayode, successfully moved the motion for Nigeria’s independence from British colonial rule,” Fani-Kayode… In "Top Stories" Right Yoruba activist Sunday Adeyemo aka Sunday Igboho has declared he has 100 percent confidence in former Minister of Aviation Femi Fani-Kayode. His comment may not unconnected with the exchange of words between Fani-Kayode and the Oodua Peoples Congress(OPC) over whether or not the suspected Fulani warlord Iskilu Wakili in… In "News"