Dr Joe Okei-Odumakin, wife of the late Afenifere spokesman, Yinka Odumakin, has released the official funeral arrangements for the deceased.  The rights activist, in an announcement on behalf of the family, said that the lying-in-state, tributes and service of songs would hold on Thursday at Police College, Ikeja from 11 a.m. “On Friday the body departs Lagos for his Moro country home in Ife North LGA in Osun. “In Moro, there will be candle light procession at Origbo Anglican Grammar School o Friday, take off time is 6p.m. “There will be lying-in-state at 8a.m. on Saturday at Origbo Anglican Grammar School, Moro, followed by funeral service at 10a.m. after which his remains will be interred at a private ceremony,” Okei-Odumakin said. She urged everyone to be wary of other programmes which ran contrary to the one outlined so as to guide against being misled or taken advantage of. “In the wake of sundry programmes being published by people other than us, we the family of the late Yinka Odumakin thought it fit and necessary to guide sympathizers and guests with the authentic programme for the funeral of our beloved husband, father, son, and brother,” she said. Okei-Odumakin also said that the family had not mandated anyone or group to source for funds or other resources to ensure a befitting burial. “While the family appreciates the effusive outpouring of love from the generality of the people for the life of sacrifice and public service that Yinka lived and the legacies he has left behind, we wish that nothing is done by anyone or group to tarnish his image,” she said. NAN reports that the late Afenifere spokesperson, 54, died on April 2, after battling with respiratory problems occasioned by COVID-19 complications.  (NAN) •Yinka Odumakin IBADAN (Sundiata Post) - Governor 'Seyi Makinde of Oyo State has described the death of the national publicity decretary of the pan-Yoruba socio-political organisation, Afenifere, Mr. Yinka Odumakin, as a personal loss of a good brother, and a great loss to the Yoruba race.Makinde, who stated that the… In "Top Stories" An elder brother of Yinka Odumakin, the late spokesperson of Afenifere, Pastor Jacob Odumakin, on Monday said a prophecy had revealed impending death of the right activist. Yinka died on Saturday after battling with respiratory problems occasioned by COVID-19 complications. The senior Odumakin in a chat with our correspondent said… In "Features" Bola Ahmed Tinubu, the former governor of Lagos State, on Monday, paid a condolence visit to Mrs Joe Okei-Odumakin, the bereaved widow of the late human-rights activist and columnist, Yinka Odumakin. The National leader of the All Progressives Congress APC visited the widow at Odumakin’s Lagos residence. We reported that… In "News"