By  Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  Senate on Tuesday, received a request from President Muhammadu Buhari, to confirm the appointment of the Acting Chief Judge of the FCT High Court, Honourable Justice Salisu Garba Abdullahi, as substantive Chief Judge.The request was contained in a letter read on the floor during plenary by the Senate President, Ahmad Lawan.According to President Buhari, the request was made pursuant to Section 256 subsection 1 of the 1999 Constitution as amended.The letter reads in part: “Request for the confirmation of the appointment of Hon. Justice Salisu Garba Abdullahi as the Chief Judge for the High Court of the Federal Capital Territory Abuja.“Pursuant to Section 256(1) of the 1999 Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria (as amended).“I hereby request for the Senate’s confirmation of the appointment of Hon. Justice Salisu Garba Abdullahi, the acting Chief Judge of the High Court of the Federal Capital Territory Abuja, as substantive Chief Judge of the Court. “I trust that the Senate will favorably confirm Hon. Justice Salisu Abdullahi as substantive Chief Judge of the High Court of the Federal Capital Territory, Abuja, in the usual expeditious manner.” President Muhammadu Buhari has requested the Senate to confirm the acting Chief Judge of the High Court of Federal Capital Territory, Abuja, Justice Salisu Garba Abdullahi, as substantive Judge of the court. According to a statement by his Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Femi Adesina, Buhari’s request was contained… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Senate on Tuesday received a request from President Muhammadu Buhari for the confirmation of eight Justices of the Court of Appeal as Justices of the Supreme Court of Nigeria. The request which was contained in a letter dated 31st August, 2020, was read… In "Top Stories" Hon Justice Salisu Garba has taken over as the Acting Chief Judge of the Federal Capital Territory. This follows his appointment by Presidnet Muhammadu Buhari following the retirement of Hon. Justice Ishaq Bello on Tuesday. Garba will be sworn-in on Wednesday by Hon. Dr Justice Ibrahim Tanko Muhammad, the Chief… In "Politics"