Judiciary Staff Union of Nigeria (JUSUN) members have embarked on a nationwide protest.  The workers began the protest on Monday over financial autonomy of the Judiciary. Recall that some days ago, they commenced a nationwide strike action shutting down all courts in the country. The protest is being led in Abuja by the National Treasurer of the union, Comrade Jimoh Alonge who vowed they will not back down on the strike and protest until their demands are met. JUSUN had on April 6 shut down all courts in the country, including the Supreme Court, to protest the refusal of governors to comply with the constitutional provisions for financial autonomy of the Judiciary. However, due to failure of talks with the governors, JUSUN on Friday threatened to add mass protest to the strike. Alonge, while speaking with journalists at the Court of Appeal headquarters, the take-off point of the protest to the National Assembly, stated that the judiciary is confronted with myriads of problems, but noted that once the issue of financial autonomy is addressed, others would be taken care of. He accused the governors of Ebonyi and Kaduna States of undermining the judiciary in their states, warning that the judiciary would no longer tolerate such from anyone.  Source The Judiciary Staff Union of Nigeria (JUSUN) has forced court workers out of the Federal High Court in Ikoyi, Lagos. This comes after it embarked on an indefinite nationwide strike, which began on Tuesday. The Nation reports the unionists arrived the court premises before 9am and directed their colleagues in… In "News" The judiciary is set to assert its financial autonomy, following the Federal High Court judgment in its favour. Chief Justice of Nigeria (CJN) Justice Aloma Mukhtar has written to governors and the Minister of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) on the need for them to comply with the judgment granting… In "Features" Enugu -  The Judiciary Staff Union of Nigeria (JUSUN) in Enugu State has called off its six-month-old strike. The suspension followed a four-hour discussion between the state governor, Mr Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi, and the leadership of the union led by its Chairman, Mr Chinedu Mba, in Enugu on Wednesday. Briefing newsmen… In "News"