A real estate agent in Ibadan, Oyo State, Alhaji Waheed Adetunji, has said the recent police invitation to Chief Sunday Adeyemo a.k.a. Sunday Igboho was meant to question him over his involvement in alleged criminal acts, not because of his agitation for Yoruba nation.  Adetunji, a complainant, provided some documents to reporters, which he said are evidence of his allegations against Ighoho. He berated the police in Oyo State for allegedly shielding him (Igboho) from arrest and prosecution. The spokesman for Igboho, Olayomi Kioki, had said that the Inspector General of Police sent a letter to his boss for an invitation, which he refused to collect, alleging that it might be a letter bomb. Ighoho’s spokesman gave an impression that the Yoruba ‘activist’ has become a target of the state because of his involvement in a secession agenda. A statement by Adetunji, the complainant, said: “We have used every means to get Ighoho arrested over illegal acquisition of a landed property at Idi-Mango village road, Soka area, on Lagos/Ibadan expressway, in Ibadan, but his strong connection with the police in Oyo State is frustrating efforts to get him arrested. “However, after many failed attempts to arrest lghoho in Ibadan, we sought assistance of the police from the police headquarters in Abuja and they contacted Alagbon Police Station in Lagos to intervene. “This has led to the prompt arrest of some of Ighoho’s boys and lawyer, but Igboho has been hiding under activism for the emancipation of the Yoruba race as an independent nation right to shield himself from lawful police invitation and prosecution.”  Source Yoruba socio-political group, Afenifere, on Friday, condemned the attempt by operatives of the Nigeria Police Force and the men of the Department of State Services to arrest Yoruba rights activist, Sunday Adeyemo, better known as Sunday Igboho. In an exclusive interview with The PUNCH, Afenifere spokesman, Yinka Odumakin, said the… In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Sunday Adeyemo, better known as Sunday Igboho, has described Enitan Ogunwusi, the Ooni of Ife; Bola Tinubu, APC national leader, and Seyi Makinde, Oyo state governor, as Fulani slaves. Igboho also flayed some Yoruba leaders, including traditional rulers, alleging that have not shown enough support for… In "Top Stories" Popular Yoruba rights activist, Sunday Adeyemo aka Sunday Igboho, has hit the Ooni of Ife, Oba Adeyeye Ogunwusi, for allegedly failing to represent the Yoruba nation well during his recent meeting with President Muhammadu Buhari on killer herdsmen in the South West. The monarch, he alleged, didn’t communicate the anger… In "Features"