Lagos, April 18, 2021 (NAN) The management of Air Peace says it will be launching scheduled commercial flights to Gombe from Abuja and resume its Yola flight services.  The Chief Operating Officer of the airline, Mrs Oluwatoyin Olajide disclosed this in a statement in Lagos on Sunday. Olajide said that the decision to commence the Abuja-Gombe route was a reflection of Air Peace’s resolve to open up the north east as the region was currently underserved. “This is part of our strategic route expansion drive and the determination to provide key connections, addressing the air travel needs of Nigerians while fostering economic development and unity. “We are set to kick off Gombe operations and resume our Yola flight services very soon,” she said. According to Olajide, the airline has already set up the Gombe station and is calling on residents of the state to apply to the airline as there are roles to be filled in the station. On aircraft maintenance, she said: “We have 17 aircraft undergoing varying levels of maintenance overseas and once they start returning, we shall launch more routes and resume others that we temporarily suspended. She added that the two brand new 124-seat capacity E195-E2 jets(of the 13 ordered) recently received from Embraer would soon be deployed to boost domestic and regional flights connectivity. By Solomon Asowata   Lagos   -    Nigerian carrier, Air Peace, says it has capacity to operate its designated foreign routes but is being frustrated by international aero politics. The Chief Operating Officer of Air Peace, Mrs Oluwatoyin Olajide, said this on Sunday in Lagos while reacting to criticism that the… In "News" LAGOS - Airlines using the Murtala Muhammed Airport, Lagos, as operational hub have resumed flight services to various degrees following the ease up of violence in certain areas of the country during the hijacked #EndSARS peaceful protest.   Airlines using Lagos as their hub points on Wednesday and Thursday announced… In "Top Stories" By Yunus Yusuf Lagos - The Chief Operating Officer, Air Peace, Mrs Oluwatoyin Olajide, has urged the Federal Government to create an enabling environment for indigenous airlines to succeed by putting in place facilities and equipment. Olajide made the appeal in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN)… In "News"