The Osun State Security Network code-named Amotekun has begun meetings with the leaders of Miyetti Allah. A socio-cultural group, Kiriji Heritage Defenders, yesterday expressed worry over the influx of herdsmen into the state. It said the herdsmen are gradually penetrating Osun territory from Kwara State through Odo Otin Local Government. A statement by the spokesman, Dr. Ademola Ekundayo, said: “It is worrisome that herdsmen are moving into Osun State through Odo-Otin Council. These herdsmen are believed to have been displaced in neighbouring states. They are moving around with a large number of cattle and are constituting security threat to residents. We also have intelligence that some of the herdsmen were seen around Owode-Ede last week.” He said the group suspected that the herdsmen were responsible for the kidnapping that occurred at Osu, and urged the government and security agencies to act on the intelligence before it is too late. Ekundayo enjoined residents to assist the security apparatus to ensure peace, noting that the group was working with other freedom fighters across Yoruba land, including Kogi and Kwara states, to beef up security in the Southwest. The state Commander of the Amotekun Corps, Gen. Bashir Adewinbi, speaking about the influx of the herders into the state, said the House of Assembly had set up a committee to ensure peaceful co-existence between herdsmen and farmers. He said Amotekun is meeting regularly with the leadership of the herders to foster peace and stability. The Nation According to a report by The PUNCH, the police and Amotekun Corps in Ekiti and Osun states have said they will intensify efforts at combing the bushes and forests in the state to ensure the rural areas, as well as the cities, are free of killer herdsmen and other criminals.… In "News" State governments on Thursday differed on ranching for herdsmen as a solution to killings and kidnappings by herders. Officials of Oyo, Cross River, Kogi, Enugu, Ondo and Ekiti state governments in separate interviews with The PUNCH, said their states had no plans to establish ranches for herdsmen. But their counterparts… In "News" OSOGBO - The Oodua People’s Congress (OPC) has issued a 7-day ultimatum to Fulani herdsmen in Osun State to fish out the criminals among them. The leader of OPC in Osun State, Leke Akintayo, gave the ultimatum in Osogbo, on Tuesday, at a peace meeting with the leaders of Gan… In "Top Stories"