By Victor Oso More Nigerians have urged the Muhammadu Buhari-led Federal Government to find concrete solution to the unending state of kidnapping and banditry ravaging the country. They expressed sadness and grief over the mindless killing of three of the abducted students of Greenfield University, Kaduna.Gunmen had Tuesday night kidnapped 23 students of the university, which is privately owned, located along the Kaduna-Abuja Highway in Kasarami, Chikun Local Government Area of the state, killing a staff member during a shooting spree.The bandits later made contact with the parents and demanded a ransom of N800m for the students’ release.The criminals apparently killed the students to scare the parents and authority into meeting their demand.Nigerians, while condoling with families of the slain students, have offered suggestions on the way out, while others however, expressed anger at government’s seeming inability at stemming the rising and alarming rate of kidnappings and banditry all over the country.Senator representing Kaduna Central senatorial district,Senator Uba Sani@ubasanius said on his Twitter handle “I am deeply saddened by the news of the senseless killing of 3 students of Greenfield University by kidnappers. This is heartbreaking. It is an outrage and a clear affront on our nation. My condolences to the relatives of the murdered students & the Govt & people of Kaduna State.” Another Twitter user, Engineer Yasir Arafat Jubril @oil_shaeikh said “It’s so tragic to learn about the killing of 3 of the abducted students of Greenfield University kaduna, indeed this is a trying time for our nation, may Allah give the families the fortitude to bear this irreparable loss.” Also weighing in, former Vice President, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar tweeted“Heartbreaking to learn of the killing of 3 of the abducted students of Greenfield University, Kaduna. How long shall we continue to lose precious souls? May their families and friends be comforted.”“It is time states are granted constitutional roles in the management of security, ” Atiku counselled. Icon_ Ayodeji tweeted “The killing of the students of Greenfield University is so sad! This is heart rendering. Ever since El Rufai made the statement about not negotiating with bandits,they have launched over 5 attacks in Kaduna. The earlier the Govt at all levels realise the central police won’t work”. The bandits who attacked Greenfield University along the Kaduna-Abuja Highway in Kaduna State on Tuesday night, killed a porter of the institution, identified as Paul Okafor. The assailants also kidnapped a yet-to-be ascertained number of students, said to be mainly females, it was learnt. The bandits stormed the school located… In "News" It was a bloody day on Wednesday as gunmen went on the rampage in various parts of the country. They killed two policemen in an attack on the Adani divisional headquarters in Enugu State. In Kaduna State, bandits killed a worker and abducted a yet-to-be specified number of students from… In "News" Kaduna State Government has announced the tragic killing of three of the abducted students of Greenfield University. The actual number of students abducted by bandits had yet to be confirmed as of the time of this report, more than 72 hours after the incident. The remains of the three students… In "Top Stories"