10  troops of Nigerian troops  and one military police officer were found dead in Konshisha Local Government Area of Benue State. The development generated tension in the community as the army authorities deployed troops to fish out the perpetrators of the dastardly act. In a statement made available to journalists, Nigerian Army spokesman, Brig.-Gen. Mohammed Yerima, confirmed the killings of the troops by yet-to-be-identified individuals. Yerima explained that the bodies of slain troops were immediately evacuated, adding that efforts are ongoing to track down those who perpetrated the crime in order to bring them to justice. He said, ”Nigerian Army troops operating in Benue State came under attack while on routine operational task. ”The troops comprising one officer and ten soldiers were initially declared missing which prompted the deployment of a joint search and rescue team comprising NA troops and personnel of Operation Whirl Stroke. ”The search and rescue team unfortunately found all the missing troops dead in Konshisha LGA of Benue State. ”While the bodies of the slain troops were evacuated immediately, efforts are ongoing to track down the perpetrators of this heinous crime with a view to bringing them to Justice.” The Nigerian Army, however, appealed to the public to volunteer useful information that will lead to the arrest of the perpetrators of the dastardly act. Yerima maintained that Army remains determined to ensure that the unprovoked attack does not disrupt the general peace being enjoyed by the local inhabitants. According to him, the COAS has directed commanders on the ground to ensure sustained efforts in order to fish out and deal decisively with these bad elements who are threatening the peace in the area. The Nigerian Army has said that its troops attached to 93 Battalion, Takum, Taraba State, shot dead three policemen and one civilian in error after they were mistaken for kidnappers. The army noted that the policemen later found to be on covert operation refused to stop at a military checkpoint… In "Security" •Force PRO, Frank Mba The Nigeria police Force, through its spokesman, DCP Frank Mba, has said that soldiers killed three officers of the Force and a civilian in Taraba State. In a statement on Wednesday, DCP Mba said that the three officers were killed while on investigative activities within the… In "Top Stories" Some top officers of the Nigerian army have been declared wanted. According to Peoples Gazette, three majors, three captains and six lieutenants were among those declared wanted for fleeing the insurgents last month in Borno The Nigerian Army has ordered the immediate arrest of officers accused of deserting their posts… In "News"