he Senate on Wednesday confirmed the appointment of Dr. Halilu Ahmad Shaba as Director General of the National Space Research and Development Agency (NASRDA).  The confirmation of Shaba followed the consideration of the report of the Senate Committee on Science and Technology at plenary in Abuja. Chairman of the Committee, Senator Uche Ekwunife, presented the report. Senators approved that Shaba be confirmed when the recommendation of the Committee was put to voice vote by Senate President Ahmad Lawan. President Muhammadu Buhari had on Tuesday March 2, 2021, transmitted the name of Shaba to the Upper Chamber for screening and confirmation as DG NASRDA. In the letter, Buhari enjoined the lawmakers to give his request an accelerated consideration. Shaba had been on acting capacity as DG of the agency following the expiration of the two-term tenure of Professor Seidu Mohammed in June 2020. The Agency had earlier, on July 2, 2019, announced the appointment of Mr Jonathan Angulu as an acting Director-General to facilitate a seamless transition process between the outgone DG and an incoming one. Jonathan handed over to Shaba two days earlier to continue in an acting capacity until the appointment of a substantive DG for the agency by the Federal Government. Before his appointment as an acting Director-General of NASRDA, Shaba served in various leadership capacities since joining the agency in 2009. Most recently, he served as the Director of Strategic Space Applications, in which capacity he led the department’s policy initiations and execution within the national space programmes framework. Shaba previously served as a Deputy Director at the National Emergency Management Agency between 2006 and 2009, before joining NASRDA.   Source The Nigerian Senate has been asked by President Muhammadu Buhari to confirm the appointment of Dr Halilu Shaba Ahmad as the new Director-General of the National Space Research and Development Agency. Buhari in the letter read on the floor by the President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, on Tuesday, urged… In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate on Tuesday received a formal request from President Muhammadu Buhari to confirm Mr. Halilu Ahmad Shaba as Director General of the National Space Research and Development Agency.  The request was contained in a letter dated 25th February, 2021, and read during… In "Top Stories" The new service chiefs appointed by President Muhammadu Buhari have been confirmed by the senate. The Senate confirmed the new service chiefs on Tuesday after the consideration of the report of the Committee on Defence which recommended their confirmation. The Senate President, Ahmad Lawan, had on Wednesday, penultimate week, referred… In "News"