According to a report by SaharaReporters, a Nigerian farmer and commercial driver in Pemi community in the Chibok Local Government Area of Borno State, has cried out over his abducted son.  The farmer who is identified only as Adamu, has lamented that there will be no joy for him and his family members this Easter as the Boko Haram insurgents continue to keep his four-year-old son, Amos, in their captivity. The father, speaking with SaharaReporters on Friday, stated that there has been no news or report about his son, more than three months after he was abducted. “The family is sad. His mother is crying every day. I am also depressed. There is no joy this Easter. We believe the government will rescue him. We want them to use all within their means to rescue my only son from the insurgents,” he told SaharaReporters. Amos has been with the insurgents since December 24, 2020 – the same day a pastor, Bulus Yikura, was abducted by the terrorists but was later rescued in the first week of March. Yikura had since relocated from Chibok with his family. Chibok was where the Boko Haram abducted hundreds of schoolgirls in 2014 – some of whom have yet to be released till date. Amos’ father, Adamu called on the Nigerian government to use the same machinery which secured Yikura’s release for his son, Amos. SaharaReporters had reported last week that Adamu explained that the insurgents met his son at home, carried him, and burnt his (Adamu’s) car in the compound and his house before they left. “The terrorists abducted him on December 24. The terrorists burnt my house; they carried my car and my child. I was not at home. Amos is my only male child. He has an elder (sibling) and a younger sister. “My wife went to fetch water from a well in a neighbouring compound. Before she would be back, the boy had been stolen. My child was stolen inside my car. I parked the car at home. They brought him out of the car and set the vehicle on fire. “They also killed seven people in the community before they left. I want the government to help me rescue my child from the Boko Haram. I ask God to enter the hearts of the Boko Haram to return my child. I don’t have any job now– my vehicle which was my means of livelihood was burnt. My wife cries every day and I assure her that the boy will soon be returned,” he had said. SaharaReporters had two weeks ago reported that the Chibok community stated that they would like President Muhammadu Buhari, the legislators and the security agencies to rescue Musa the same way Pastor Bulus’s release was secured on the day his one-week ultimatum to live, expired. “Despite the release of Pastor Bulus, we still have a four-year-old boy with the terrorists – Amos Musa. He was abducted on the same day the pastor was whisked away. His family is presently in disarray as they are hoping desperately that their son could be reunited with them. We want the government to assist us in rescuing this boy. He is our future,” a community leader in Chibok had pleaded.  Source Two years after the largest documented schoolchildren abduction by Boko Haram militants occurred in the northeastern Nigeria town of Damasak, hundreds of schoolchildren are still missing. While the government keeps quiet, families grief for their kidnapped children.   By Philip Obaji Jr.   Borom Mohammed’s four sons: Audu, Babagana,… In "Features" Lagos -The Women Arise for Change Initiative on Thursday urged the Federal Government to spare no effort in ensuring the rescue of the over 200 abducted Chibok girls. This is contained in a statement signed by President of the group, Dr Joe Okei-Odumakin in Lagos, to commemorate 500 days of… In "News" By Lanre Ola MAIDUGURI  - A Nigerian schoolgirl rescued after over two years of captivity with Boko Haram militants met President Muhammadu Buhari on Thursday amid hopes she can shed light on the fate of 218 other abducted Chibok girls. Amina Ali Darsha Nkeki, who was flown in from the… In "News"