Mary Daniel, a young Nigerian woman who is buoyed by the resolve to stave off hunger and live on her own sweat, finds infinite strength in her frailties. Being an orphan and walking with one leg supported by a crutch is not enough for the 26-year-old to compromise her values. Come what may, she has vowed not to beg on the streets since fate dealt her a huge blow at 11. That unflinching resolution makes her eke out a living on the highways in Oshodi, one of Lagos’ busiest cities, hawking bottled water in terrible traffic to cater to herself, her two-year-old child and aged grandmother. It was 2.30pm on Friday when our correspondent arrived at a complex on Suwebatu Street, Oshodi, where she buys bottled water on credit and pays after sales. About 5 pm, she wobbled on her crutch into the complex with an empty black bowl dangling on her left hand. The single mother had just returned from another round of strenuous peddling; a fourth in the day. Encounter with fate at 11 Growing up in Katsina State where she lived with her parents, Daniel nursed dreams of a regular child. She wanted to have formal education and aspired to a great future. She was in Primary four when her beautiful hopes were dashed in December 2006 on the highway. That fateful day, she and her parents were travelling to their country home in Ayingba, Kogi State, for Yuletide, when they were involved in a fatal accident. Her parents and some others died in the crash that crushed her right leg. That was all she could remember until days later when she was left with a leg. “I was just 11-year-old then so I couldn’t really remember everything that happened,” Daniel said bleakly as she narrated her plight to our correspondent inside the complex in Oshodi. “My leg was shattered and it had to be amputated. Doctors said I would die if it was not cut,” she remarked grimly, adjusting her position on a bench she sat on. She added, “My siblings didn’t travel with us that year. My younger brother, Godwin, is now living with my aunt in the village while my elder sister, Esther, lives in Abuja. She’s married but living from hand to mouth.” Months after her leg healed, Daniel reawakened her dying dreams. She relocated to the village and returned to school. But just when she thought she was on the right track to success, another bombshell dropped. “I dropped out at JSS 3,” she mumbled. “I was going to school on a government scholarship but they stopped paying my fees. That was 2014.” Thereon, she sought solace in hawking, moving from Anambra to Delta and then Lagos. She recounted, “I relocated to Onitsha (Anambra State) and started selling sachet water. I use the gains I make to feed myself and send some money to my grandmother in the village. She is over 70 years old and I don’t want hunger to kill her. “In 2018, grandma told me a man in the village wanted to marry me and she asked me to come home. While we were dating, I got pregnant but he denied being responsible for the pregnancy. “Out of shame, I relocated to Asaba (Delta State) and continued hawking sachet water. I squatted with a woman from our village for some months before I rented an apartment. “A car brushed my arm while I was hawking in traffic. I was heavily pregnant then. One man saw me bleeding and gave me N100,000. I used the money to rent a small apartment and bought some baby things. I gave birth in 2019.” She only had a two-week ‘maternity leave’ before she returned to the streets, manoeuvring the traffic to sell water with her baby strapped to the back. She continued, “I decided to come to Lagos about two weeks ago because I was not selling well in Asaba. I sold my home appliances to raise the fare. My daughter is with the woman I lived with in Asaba. She is now in Ayingba with my baby. My grandma didn’t know I am now in Lagos. Last week, I sent N8,000 to my grandma and I want to send N10,000 to her again this week. I am the only one taking care of her. “I met with a woman selling noodles and I explained my plight to her. She linked me up with one Alhaja from whom I buy packs of bottled water. I buy a pack for N600 and make N240 gain. I sell six to eight packs per day and make a profit of N1,000 to N1,500. I save N500 daily. I want to send the money for the upkeep of my daughter at the end of the month.” Bottled water not paid for in traffic Twice, passengers had gone with her money while waiting for them to pay after giving them water. “The first time was on Wednesday and today (Friday). The vehicles they were in moved when the traffic eased off and I couldn’t run after them to collect my money,” she added. Daniel also takes a fair slice of the risks that come with street trading. Tactful navigation around gridlock is an art any regular trader must learn in traffic to avert deadly hazards. And Daniel has learnt to be more adept at it given her vulnerable condition. Source According to a report by Punch Metro, the whereabouts of a 14-year-old boy, Idris, are still shrouded in mystery about two weeks after he absconded from his father’s house in Seme, a border town between Lagos and Benin Republic. Idris was said to have fled home with his siblings, Musa,… In "Metro" Lagos - A 30-year-old woman, Folorunsho Ajimo, on Thursday appeared in an Ikeja Magistrates’ Court, Lagos, for allegedly stabbing a neighbour with a knife. Ajimo, a resident of No. 14, Fabo Street, Agege, Lagos, had accused her neighbour of beating her son and in retaliation stabbed the complainant. The accused… In "News" By Adeyemi Adeleye/Florence Onuegbu Lagos - The Lagos State Government on Tuesday inaugurated Oshodi-Abule Egba Bus Rapid Transit (BRT) system infrastructure, geared at moving 60,000 passengers daily. Gov. Babajide Sanwo-Olu said at the inauguration that the project was very significant because of its immense benefits to Lagos residents in different… In "News"