Former President, Dr. Goodluck Jonathan has reacted to the passing of Idriss Debby, the President of Chad.  In a condolence message, Jonathan described Deby as a leader who made considerable contributions to stabilise the Sahel region and bring peace to the continent. Jonathan said he would remember the late President for the role he played in helping Chad and Nigeria build positive cooperation that mutually benefited the people. Part of the message read, “I am saddened by the sudden death of Chad’s President Idriss Déby.” According to him, Deby through the Multinational Joint Task Force, partnered with Nigeria in addressing the issues of terrorism and other challenges affecting the Lake Chad Region. “Deby played a prominent role on the African continent, and his Chairmanship of the African Union saw the progress of the African Continental Free Trade Agreement, which the Republic of Chad ratified under his leadership. “On behalf of my family, and the Goodluck Jonathan Foundation, I condole with the government and people of the Republic of Chad over his death, and pray for the peace, progress and prosperity for Chad,” Jonathan said.  Source ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - Chadian President Idris Deby has denied knowledge of where terrorist sect leader, Abubakar Shekau is. This is even as he has commended the joint efforts by both Nigeria and Chad that has successfully weakened Boko Haram. Deby had in March in Chadian capital, N'djamena at a press… In "News" To forge stronger alliance against terrorism and violent extremism in the region, President Goodluck Jonathan will travel to Ndjamena, Chad on Monday for talks with his Chadian counterpart, President Idriss Deby. [eap_ad_1] The talks in Ndjamena, according to a statement by Special Adviser to the President on Media and Publicity,… In "News" Idriss Deby was known for visiting the battlefield. After Boko Haram fighters launched a deadly attack on a Chadian army base in the village of Bohoma in March last year, the longtime president was seen walking on the shores of Lake Chad, next to his troops. And it was on… In "Features"