Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  Four students of a secondary school in Plateau State were in the early hours of Thursday abducted from their school. The four students were abducted at Capro Secondary Mission School at Gana Ropp in Barkin Ladi Local Government Area of Plateau State. However, reports said as the students were being taken away, three of them escaped from their abductors while the fourth students had been taken away and is currently in their captivity. The school is an arm of Calvary ministries. Capro is few kilometres away from the Yakubu Gowon airport and about 60 kilometres from Jos, the state capital. A global mission leader and President of Para-Mallam Peace Foundation, Reverend Gideon Para-Mallam confirmed to Channels Television that the attackers broke the rear fence of the school where a hole was drilled to gain access into the school compound and abducted the students. He further stated that the intervention of security agencies prevented what could have been another mass abduction as the assailants took to their heels after realising the reinforcement of security in the area. Source  Suspected herdsmen have abducted two students of the Calvary International Ministry popularly known as CAPRO in Barkin Ladi Local government area of Plateau State. The school, a few kilometers away from the Yakubu Gowon International Airport Haipang, was attacked on Wednesday night by the gunmen. An eye witness told The… In "News" One person has been reported killed while many others, including final year students of a Junior Secondary School abducted in Kaduna The Nation gathered the incident took place at Damba-Kasaya community in Chikun Local Government Area when gunmen on motorcycles invaded the community on Monday at about 8am. The gunmen,… In "News" It has been reported that some armed men on Monday attacked a school in Kaduna, killing one person and kidnapping seven students and a teacher, residents said. According to PREMIUM TIMES, the armed men killed a man and abducted seven students and a teacher of Prince Academy, located at Damba-Kasaya… In "News"