Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Isa Pantami, has denied reports the United States allegedly placed him on a ‘terror watch list’ for alleged ties with the late Boko Haram founder, Mohammed Yusuf.  He said he has been preaching against Boko Haram for over 15 years over its condemnable doctrines and practices. Pantami, an Islamic cleric, was alleged to have been a mentor to the founder of the militant Islamist group, who was killed in 2009 in the North-East. Yusuf’s death triggered a chain of violent activities, including era bombings, kidnappings and hostage-taking among others that have led to massive death and destructions in the North-East. Haram, says U.S. CongressmanSocial media, especially Twitter, was awash on Monday by the reports published by some news platforms (not The Nation), went viral. Some of the leading platforms have however retracted the report and apologised to the Minister. Reacting to the allegation on Twitter, Patanmi stated: “My lectures against the doctrines and all other evil people have been available for over 15 years, including debates that endangered my life against many criminals in Nigeria. “If you can’t understand Hausa, get an objective Hausa speaker to translate for you objectively.”  Source The leader of Boko Haram, Abubakar Shekau, has released a video in which he threatened the minister of communication and digital economy, Isa Pantami. Mr Shekau, in the nine-minute video, also threatened journalists saying they should be cautious about what they report or write about his group. The terror leader… In "News" President Muhammadu Buhari has directed the military to root out Boko Haram from the enclaves to end the violence in the North East. The President gave the marching order on Monday in Maiduguri through his special delegation to Borno led by the Senate President, Ahmed Lawan during a condolence visit… In "News" By James Simpson When the notorious Islamic terrorist group, Boko Haram, kidnapped 278 school girls from the town of Chibok in northeastern Nigeria last year, Michelle Obama began a Twitter hashtag campaign, #BringBackOurGirls. But behind the scenes, the Obama administration was undermining Nigeria’s efforts to take the battle to the terrorists. Obama refused… In "Opinion"