The Nigerian Army has said the ongoing operation in Mbator in Shangev-Tiev of Konshisha Local Government Area of Benue where over 70 civilians have been allegedly killed was launched to apprehend the hoodlums that killed eleven Army personnel, including one officer and ten soldiers.  It however denied reports of killing and arson, noting the operation was to flush out those responsible for killing the personnel. The Nation had reported the bodies of the officer and soldiers were found in Knoshisha after they were declared missing. Read Also: Protest as soldiers attack Benue communitiesArmy spokesman Brig General Muhammad Yerima told The Nation: “We are not killing people in Benue State. They know how to kill people and they are afraid not to be killed. “We are not killing anybody, all we are doing is searching for the people that killed the soldiers and we will find the people. “Whoever said we are killing people and destroying properties is telling lies. The report on the internet about soldiers killing people in Benue is false. We are searching for those who killed the 11 soldiers, that’s all we are doing”.  Source ABUJA - Civil rights advocacy group, the Human Rights Writers Association of Nigeria (HURIWA), has petitioned the office of Chief of Army Staff, Lt Gen Tukur Yusuf Buratai, over serious allegations of sexual molestation of girls in Aba, Abia State, and the alleged use of brute force on civilians. The… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post)  - Nigerian Army have confirmed how Boko Haram killed  thirteen soldiers and a police officer in Yobe State in two successive attacks. According to the military, the insurgents lunched attacks on a military formation and an ambush on the Maiduguri/Damaturu high way at about… In "Top Stories" 10 troops of Nigerian troops and one military police officer were found dead in Konshisha Local Government Area of Benue State. The development generated tension in the community as the army authorities deployed troops to fish out the perpetrators of the dastardly act. In a statement made available to journalists,… In "Top Stories"