Relief may have come for holders of expired refinery licences as the Department of Petroleum Resources (DPR) on Tuesday said companies whose refinery project licences have become invalid could reapply for revalidation. At least 32 refinery project licences issued to private investors had become invalid in the past three years. In a statement by the DPR’s Head of Public Affairs, Paul Osu, the regulator explained that it has not revoked any licence, adding that refinery licence, like its other regulatory instruments, have validity periods for investors to attain certain milestones. “This implies that after the validity period for the particular milestone, the licence becomes inactive until the company reapplies for revalidation to migrate to another milestone. This does not in any way translate to revocation of licence of the company,” the statement said. The agency said it would continue to provide support to investors in the oil and gas industry in the country using its regulatory instruments of licences, permits and approvals to stimulate the economy and align with government’s job creation initiatives. Source Lagos  -   Integrated Oil and Gas Ltd. on Saturday, said its 116 million dollars modular refinery would come on stream before the end of 2016. Group Managing Director of the company, Mr Anthony Iheanacho, told newsmen in Lagos that the company had been given provisional licence to commence preliminary… In "Business" ABUJA -(Reuters) - Nigeria aims to become a net exporter of gasoline and other petroleum products over the next two years as oil refinery projects in the West African country come onstream, the industry regulator said on Tuesday. The Department of Petroleum Resources (DPR) said five refineries are being built… In "Business" Lagos - The Independent Petroleum Marketers Association of Nigeria (IPMAN) on Tuesday commended Dangote Group for its plans to invest 14 billion dollars (N2.8 trillion) in oil refinery and petrochemical complex. Mr Mike Osatuyi, the National Operations Controller of IPMAN, gave the commendation in interview with the News Agency of… In "Business"