The National Association of Telecommunications Subscribers (NATCOMS) has described as a “welcome development” Federal Government’s lifting of ban on registration of new SIM cards.  NATCOMS President, Adeolu Ogunbanjo, in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos on Tuesday, said that the gesture would remove the hardship subscribers went through while the ban lasted. He advised subscribers to take advantage of the activation of new SIM card registration to ensure proper linkage to their National Identity Number(NIN). Ogunbanjo said that with the lifting of the ban, the Joint Admission Matriculation Board (JAMB) students will be able to register for their exams with ease.“The lifting of ban on registration of new SIM is a good thing for telecoms subscribers and for the good of JAMB students, which will assist them register for NIN before writing their exams to ensure proper identification.“We are still appealing that the registration of NIN with SIM should be extended to Dec 31 to enable every subscriber register and have their documents linked up appropriately. “This will aid to stop illegal use of unregistered SIM,” the NATCOMS President said.He, however, warned subscribers against patronising and purchasing unregistered SIM cards, which might have been used for fraudulent activity. NAN reports that the Federal Government suspended registration of new SIM card in December 2020 and lifted the ban with effect from April 19. (NAN) The Federal Government has lifted the earlier suspension order on replacement and activation of old Subscriber Identification Module (SIM) card. In a statement on Thursday, signed by the Director, Public Affairs at NCC, Dr Ikechukwu Adinde, the Commission said the lifting of the ban was on the condition that the… In "News" Lagos - The National Association of Telecommunications Subscribers (NATCOMS) on Wednesday called for an alternative means for telecoms consumers to re-register their Subscribers’ Identification Module (SIM) cards. The President of NATCOMS, Chief Deolu Ogunbanjo, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos that operators should provide an easier means… In "News" The ban placed on the registration of new sim cards by the federal government of Nigeria has been lifted. The effective date for implementation, the government said, is Monday, April 19, 2021. It however placed NIN registration as mandatory for registering new SIM cards. The latest development was contained in… In "News"