The traditional ruler of Umuezie community in Nguru in Aboh Mbaise Council Area of Imo Eze Charles Iroegbu ànd seven members of his cabinet have been kidnapped by gunmen.  Eze Iroegbu was abducted around 6pm alongside his cabinet members on Tuesday. It was learnt the monarch and his cabinet members were abducted while returning from a traditional wedding ceremony at Ihitte-Uboma council area of the state. The incident has raised anxiety and thrown the entire community into deep sorrow as the monarch was described as a “charitable giver” who has touched many lives in many communities across the state. A source close to the traditional ruler, who spoke to The Nation on the condition of anonymity, said the incident took place at the popular Seven and Half junction in the Obowo area of the state. On ransom demand, the source said: “For now, I am not aware of any ransom demand yet.” A member of the town union, who pleaded not to be named, confirmed the incident, saying that the monarch and cabinet members were abducted by gangsters while coming from a traditional wedding. Contacted, the police spokesman, Orlando Ikeokwu (SP), said he would get back to us but was yet to as at the time of filing the report.  Source By Ikechukwu Iweajunwa Owerri -  The Police Command in Imo has arrested two suspects in connection with the death of Eze Brendan Ibekwe, the traditional ruler of Mgbe autonomous community in the Orlu Local Government Area of Imo. The spokesman of the command, Mr Andrew Enwerem, told newsmen on Wednesday… In "Metro" From Jude Dangwam, Jos Gunmen suspected to be kidnappers have abducted the Paramount Ruler of Bogghom community, Kanam LGA in Plateau State, His Royal Highness Alh Shehu Sulaiman the “Pankwal Bogghom” from his palace. The kidnappers were said to have come in the early hours of Monday and shot sporadically… In "News" Lokoja  -   Unidentified gunmen have kidnapped the traditional ruler of Elete town in Kogi, Chief Aminu Aku. The News Agency of Nigeria ( NAN) gathered that Aku was kidnapped by a gang of five masked gunmen at about 8:30 pm on Friday in his town located on the Lokoja-Ajaokuta… In "Top Stories"