The Inspector-General of Police(IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has ordered intensive round-the-clock security of all public spaces and critical national assets to ensure that Nigerians enjoy crime-free Easter celebrations.The IGP also ordered all “state Commissioners of Police and their supervising Assistant Inspectors-General of Police to ensure adequate deployment of police personnel – both covert and overt operatives – and other operational assets to areas of security interest within their respective areas of responsibility.”Force public relations officer Frank Mba, who made this known in a statement, said “In line with his resolve to ensure that Nigerians enjoy crime free Easter celebrations, the Inspector-General of Police, IGP M.A. Adamu, NPM, mni, has ordered an intensive round-the-clock security of all public spaces and critical national assets. Specifically, all State Commissioners of Police and their supervising Assistant Inspectors-General of Police (AIGs) have been ordered to ensure adequate deployment of police personnel – both covert and overt operatives, and other operational assets to areas of security interest within their respective areas of responsibility (AoRs). They are also to ensure confidence boosting, proactive and high visibility patrols are carried out along the highways, motor parks, train stations, airports, worship centres, banks and other financial institutions while taking adequate measures to provide a peaceful, crime-free and enabling environment for religious, cultural and other socio-economic activities to thrive. “In addition, the Commissioner of Police and their supervising AIGs have been directed to ensure proper supervision of the men assigned for these assignments. They must be professional and courteous to law abiding citizens but firm and ruthless to criminals. To this effect, the IGP Monitoring Unit and X-Squad have been given marching orders to monitor and police activities of police officers policing the highways to ensure respect for the rights of citizens and operational conformity with the Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) and Rules of Engagement (RoE) of the Force. “While felicitating with Nigerians, and the Christian community in particular, on the commemoration of the crucifixion, death and resurrection of Jesus Christ, the IGP appreciates the citizenry for their support and calls on them to continue to cooperate with the Nigeria Police and other security agencies by providing timely information that would help in the prevention and detection of crime. “Meanwhile, the IGP has assured Nigerians that the Nigeria Police will continue to do all within its powers to provide safety and security to the teeming Nigerian population, while once again wishing them happy Easter celebrations”. Sun News By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Inspector-General of Police, IGP M.A Adamu, has directed the Commissioners of Police in all the States of the Federation and the FCT as well as their supervisory Assistant Inspectors General of Police in the seventeen (17) Zonal Commands to intensify confidence building… In "Top Stories" ...Orders Massive Deployment Of Police Personnel Throughout the Country To Ensure Crime and Hitch Free Celebration ...Calls For Twenty Four Hours Visibility Patrol And Continuous Raids Of Identified Criminal Hideouts And Black Spots Throughout Out The Country  By Chibuike Nwabuko   Abuja （Sundiata Post）-  Inspector General of Police IGP Ibrahim K. Idris has… In "News" ...Orders Massive Deployment Of Police Personnel Throughout the Country To Ensure Hitch Free Celebration   By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Inspector General of Police IGP Ibrahim K. Idris NPM, mni, has felicitated with Nigerian Muslims faithful throughout the country on the occasion of the 2018 Eid-el- Fitri celebration. Idris also… In "News"