Voting at the Zonal Congress of the Peoples Democratic Party had commenced with delegates from Ekiti state.  The exercise took off at exactly 4:40 pm with ex-governor of Ekiti, Segun Oni, casting his vote at Wocdiff Centre, Osogbo where the event is being held. The candidates were told to line up as they were given ballot papers to cast their votes. There is a heavy security presence at the Women and Children Development Initiative Foundation, the venue of the congress on Monday, in Osogbo. Men of the Nigeria Police, Department of State Security Service and the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps were sighted at the entrance and around the venue. Some of the security personnel were also strategically located a few kilometres away from the venue of the congress. PDP picks Monday for South-West congress in OsunPDP releases timetable for Yobe congressesThough accreditation of delegates was fixed for 9: 00 a.m., it started two hours after. 42 aspirants were cleared by the PDP screening committee on Sunday to contest for the various positions in the zone. The congress would be attended by 734 delegates across the six western states, The PUNCH learnt. According to the list released by Retired Col. Austin Akobundu, the PDP National Organising Secretary, Oyo has 171 delegates, Osun – 130, Lagos 101, Ogun- 112, Ondo 114, and Ekiti with 115 delegates. A former deputy governor of Oyo State, Taofeek Arapaja, and the immediate zonal chairman of the party, Dr Eddy Olafeso, are contesting for the chairmanship position. While Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State is supporting Arapaja for the chairmanship position, Mr Ayo Fayose, a former Ekiti governor is supporting Olafeso.   Source The candidate presented by the camp of ex-governor Ayo Fayose for the post of youth leader at the PDP zonal Congress had been disqualified for being over-aged. Announcing the disqualification, Dr. Benson Abounu, said Aremo Femi Adetola from Oyo State from the papers presented to the screening committee, is 49… In "Politics" Lagos- The Chairman, National Panel on Lagos State All Progressives Congress (APC) Governorship Primary Election, Mr Peter Obada on Thursday urged delegates to be orderly in order to have a free and fair election. Obada gave the advice while addressing delegates shortly before the commencement of the election in Lagos.… In "News" By Solomon Asowata   Lagos   -      Security operatives have been positioned at the Secretariat of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Agbado Oke-Odo Local Council Development Authority of Lagos State as party members turned out to vote for the APC governorship candidate. The News Agency of Nigeria… In "Politics"