A former acting governor of Delta State, Mr. Sam Obi has died. He passed away at the early hours of Saturday in Asaba, the state capital. His death is coming few days after the passing of female founding member of the People Democratic Party (PDP) and a former Commissioner for Women Affairs, Mrs. Shola Williams. Sam Obi became acting governor in 2010 when the Appeal Court, Benin, nullified the election of former governor, Dr. Emmanuel Uduaghan, and ordered a re-run. Prior to assuming the office of acting governor, Mr. Obi was the Speaker of the state House of Assembly, following the impeachment of the former Speaker, Martin Okonta. Obi represented Ika North-East constituency at the House till 2015 when he did not seek re-election after two consecutive terms. At the inception of the Governor Ifeanyi Okowa administration, Obi was appointed Special Adviser, a position that was not renewed in 2019 after Okowa’s re-election for second tenure. A pastor and founder of Oracle of God Ministries, Obi hailed from Ute-Okpu in Ika North-East Local Government Area of the state. Although details of his death are still sketchy, multiple sources who confirmed the sad news, said Obi had been battling undisclosed ailment. He was last seen at a public function on Wednesday March 31, 2021 at the annual lecture of Maris Trust Council which held at the Unity Hall, Government House, Asaba. Sun News Warri (Delta) -  The immediate past Governor of Delta, Dr Emmanuel Uduaghan, has appointed Mr Charles Malam-Obi, as the Director-General of his campaign organisation. Mr Monoyo Edon, Media Assistant to Uduaghan, disclosed this in a statement made available to newsmen on Wednesday in Warri. He said the decision to appoint… In "Politics" ONITSHA -  The former Governor of Anambra, Mr. Peter Obi, On Tuesday formally defected to the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) from the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA). Obi declared his defection while hosting some top notchers of the PDP in the South-East, led by the Deputy Senate President, Sen. Ike… In "News" Port Harcourt  -   The National Convention of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), on Saturday sacked its National Officers, dissolved the National Working Committee and set up a seven man Caretaker Committee. The motion to sack the national officers and dissolution of the NWC was moved by Mr Austin Opara,… In "Top Stories"