The Ondo Election Petitions Tribunal sitting in Akure has thrown out the petition challenging the victory of Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu in last year’s governorship election.  Candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party(PDP), Eyitayo Jegede, had filed the petition seeking to be declared winner of the election on the grounds that Governor Akeredolu was not properly nominated by the All Progressives Congress(APC). But the tribunal headed by Justice Abubakar Umar struck out the petition for want of Jurisdiction. Justice Umar, who delivered the judgment via Zoom, said Jegede has no justification to interfere in the internal affairs of the APC. Justice Umar said: “Issue raised therein in this petition are settled issue of internal affairs and Management of a political party which this Tribunal has no Jurisdiction”. He dismissed the petition for lacking in merit. Read Also: Jegede, PDP fail to call 400 witnessesThe tribunal declared Akeredolu and his Deputy, Lucky Aiyedatiwa, as duly elected in the October 10 governorship election. Reacting to the judgement, Governor Akeredolu urged Jegede to join him in developing the state, saying there was no need for further litigations. Akeredolu, who was flanked by chieftains of the All Progressives Congress(APC) hailed Ondo residents for the confidence reposed in his administration. Details shortly…  Source By Akinola Ajibo Mr Rotimi Akeredolu has been re-elected as Governor of Ondo State on the back of a campaign in which he promised to provide composed and focused leadership marked by economic growth and improved security for people in the state. The incumbent governor, a former President of… In "Top Stories" •Supreme Court Dismisses Appeal on INEC’s Server Alex Enumah in Abuja Abuja - The stage is set for President Muhammadu Buhari and his main challenger in the February 23 presidential election, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), to adopt their final addresses today in a petition by… In "Top Stories" The Osun State Governorship Election Petition Tribunal sitting in Abuja has held that the petition of the candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Isiaka Adeleke, and the PDP, challenging the victory of the All Progressives Congress (APC) and Governor Gboyega Oyetola at the September 2018 governorship election in Osun… In "Top Stories"