By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr. Isa Ali Ibrahim Pantami has commissioned the Emergency Communication Centres (NCC) established by the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) in both Ogun and Enugu states. The two projects were part of the seven projects inaugurated by the Minister during the virtual commissioning of the batch nine of digital economy projects for a Digital Nigeria which took place at the Communications & Digital Economy Complex, Mbora, Abuja on Friday, April 23, 2021. This was contained in a statement signed by Director Public Affairs, NCC, Dr Ikechukwu Adinde made available to Sundiata Post.With this commissioning, by simply dialing a dedicated toll-free Emergency Number, 112, citizens can easily receive timely succor in times of emergency from appropriate emergency response agencies (ERAs) such as the Police, Federal Road Safety Commission (FRSC), Fire Service, Ambulance Service, State Emergency Management Agency (SEMA), and so on. To date, 19 states of the Federation including the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), Abuja, have benefited from functional ECC projects, the implementation of which has received greater momentum under the Prof. Umar Garba Danbatta, as the Executive Vice Chairman/Chief Executive of the Commission. The ECCs are deliberate projects embarked upon by the Commission pursuant to its mandates, enshrined in the Nigerian Communications Act (NCA) 2003, to dedicate a national emergency number and to ensure the protection of lives and property of Nigerians Other digital economy projects commissioned by the Minister include the Community ICT Centre, Dutse, Jigawa State; Information Technology Hub at Abubakar Tafawa Belewa University, Bauchi; and Digital Economy Centres (DEC) in Imo State Polytechnic; Garki Secondary School, Abuja and Ojodu Grammar School, Ojodu, Lagos State. These five projects were executed by the National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA). Speaking during the commissioning, Pantami, who commended the agencies under his Ministry for joining hands in collectively advancing the course of digital economy which he is spearheading, stated that the projects are in line with the tripartite agenda of President Muhammadu Buhari. The agenda, according to the Minister, focuses on the tripod of economic development, curbing corruption and improving security of the country. “It is the goal of the Federal Government to leverage ICT to address developmental issues in our country and that is what we have been doing in the Ministry by facilitating development of Nigeria’s digital economy targets through a number of policy and regulatory initiatives, Pantami said. Dignitaries who witnessed the commissioning ceremony were the Permanent Secretary of the Ministry, In Engr Festus Daudu; the EVC, NCC, Prof Danbatta; DG, National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA), Inuwa Abdullahi and the Postmaster General, Nigeria Postal Service (NIPOST), Dr. Ismail Adewusi. Others are the Chief Executive Officer, Nigerian Communications Satellite Limited (NigComSat), Dr. Abimbola Alale; Director General, National Identity Management Commission (NIMC), Dr. Abdulaziz Aliyu and Ayuba Shuaibu , Secretary, Universal Service Provision Fund (USPF) who is also Chairman, Project Review and Commissioning Committee. OWERRI (Sundiata Post) - Prof. Umar Garba Danbatta, Executive Vice Chairman/CEO of the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC), has disclosed that over 1,500 COVID-19-related calls were received and processed through the Commission's Emergency Communications Centres (ECCs) in the peak of the pandemic in Nigeria.   The EVC made this disclosure during… In "Technology" KADUNA (SundiataPost) - The Kaduna Emergency Communication Centre (ECC) built by the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC), alongside five Information Technology projects by other agencies under the Ministry Communications and Digital Economy have been commissioned by the Hon. Minister Dr. Isa Ali Ibrahim Pantami. The NCC’s ECC project, which makes it… In "Technology" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Minister of Communications and Digital Economy Dr. Isa Ali Ibrahim Pantami has commissioned 11 new Information and Communications Technology (ICT) projects implemented by the agencies under the ministry aimed at advancing the digital economy agenda of President Muhammad Buhari. He stated this during… In "News"