Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  As the country battles the Boko Haram terrorists in the northeast, the Defence Minister, Magashi Bashir, has asked the troops of Operation Lafiya Dole not to fear any bullet from the terrorists. He gave the charge on Sunday during a visit to the Theatre Command in Maiduguri, the Borno State capital, in the company of the Chief of Defence Staff, General Lucky Irabor and other service chiefs. “Don’t fear any bullet, the bullet will come and it will go,” he said. “If you are not meant to die by a bullet you will never die but if you are meant to die by a bullet, even in your bedroom bullet will come and reach you, which is what I experienced during service.” According to the Minister, the motive of the visit was to assess the fighting spirit of the troops of operation Lafiya Dole and also to motivate them. He also intimated the troops of the Federal Government’s plan to recruit more hands to relieve battle fatigued soldiers. Magashi added, “Very soon we will embark on the recruitment of other soldiers and officers so that we improve the manpower holding of our armed forces. “We will bring new equipment, new skills in which I will like all of you to benefit from to enable you to be more proficient, more effective in this assignment you’re doing. We have lost time; we are now almost ten years in this operation. “There are many other operations that we are doing in terms of banditry and other things in this country and I am sure that given the right tools, you will do this country proud. We believe in you, your training, professionalism and we believe you can do the country the requirements of beating the Boko haram as we have it now. Channels TV Maiduguri  -  Troops of Operation Lafiya Dole fighting insurgency in the North-East, have rescued Abba Mustapha, an injured suspected Boko Haram terrorist after heavy bombardment in Ngala in Borno. Lt. Col. Kingsley Samuel, Deputy Director, Army Public Relations Department, made the disclosure in a statement issued to newsmen on Friday… In "Security" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Defence (MoD), Amb. Danjuma Sheni has assured that the welfare of the Nigerian military and especially the troops involved in the Operation Lafiya Dole against Boko Haram in the North East, remained paramount and that all necessary due process would be… In "Top Stories" Damaturu - The Minister of Defence, Brig.-Gen. Muhammad Dan-Ali (rtd), has assured soldiers fighting insurgency in the North East of government's commitment to provide the needed logistics to expeditiously end insurgency in the country. Dan-Ali gave the assurance in Damaturu on Friday at a Christmas lunch organised for troops fighting… In "News"