A woman gave up the ghost on the operating table while undergoing surgery for a low-budget tummy tuck at a clinic in Tijuana, Mexico.  Keuana Weaver died on January 29 during a procedure at a plastic surgery clinic in Tijuana’s Las Torres. The 38-year-old is understood to have told her family she was thinking about having some “work done,” but did not tell them she was going to Mexico. Renee Weaver, Keuana’s mum, said her daughter’s death has left her “heartbroken” and is demanding to know what happened, DailyStar reports. She added that she only discovered Keuana, who was the mother of a 13-year-old and a 1-year-old, was in Mexico when she received a call letting her know her daughter had died. The San Diego United Tribute claim Renee was sent a letter from the clinic offering to refund the $6,700 (£4831) cost of Keuana Weaver’s surgery. Keuana isn’t the only victim of the clinic. She is allegedly one of three women who flew to the city for cosmetic work at a cosmetic surgery clinic and failed to leave unharmed. A second woman whose identity is unknown, is said to be on dialysis for kidney failure. Another woman is believed to have been hospitalized for two weeks following a procedure at the clinic. All three women reportedly underwent work with the same doctor, local media have reported. Báez López hasn’t commented on the allegations against him and his clinic, with receptionists at his clinic telling reporters López is unavailable to answer any questions because he is in the middle of surgery.  Source The 43-year-old died after her cosmetic surgery procedure went horribly wrong. The rapper, whose real name was Fernanda Rodrigues underwent a liposculpture procedure allegedly performed by a gynecologist in Rio de Janeiro last month. She had excess fat removed from her back to injected into her bum and was discharged… In "Foreign" Hollywood star Angelina Jolie’s decision to make public her double mastectomy more than doubled the number of women in Britain seeking to have genetic breast cancer tests, according to a study released on Friday. Jolie, 39, who has become a high-profile human rights campaign, announced her surgery in May last… In "Style" By ERIC DEGGANS No one transformed bad times into sidesplitting comedy like Joan Rivers, who kept audiences laughing through a 50-year career that included bankruptcy, getting banned from The Tonight Show and seeing a husband commit suicide. She even built a standup routine around caring for a handicapped boyfriend. "I… In "Style"