Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike has said past utterances by the Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr Isa Pantami in support of terrorist organisations like Taliban and Al-Qaeda is inexcusable.  He said if he was in Pantami’s situation, he would have resigned. He believes it is unreasonable for the government to allow anyone in a situation such as that of the embattled minister to remain in office. The governor made the remarks on Wednesday via his Twitter handle while reacting to the comments said to have been made by Pantami in the past in support of extremist groups. Although the minister has renounced the comments, saying he was a changed person, Governor Wike insisted that it was wrong to allow Pantami to continue with his duties as a minister. According to him, the minister ought to have relinquished his duties but the situation has worsened because the government does not care. The governor stressed that the time when the minister made the comments does not matter, saying they could be described as the germinated seeds that have led to the killing of people. He advised Pantami to tender his resignation as minister, adding that he would have done the same if he was in such a situation. The minister has been under fire recently for the comments he made in the past in support of extremist groups, despite his position as a changed person. There have been intense calls for his removal by various individuals and groups, including human rights activists, social media users, and the main opposition party – Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). Amid the demands that he should resign or be sacked, Pantami attended the Federal Executive Council (FEC) which was presided by President Muhammadu Buhari on Wednesday. Briefing reporters at the end of the FEC meeting, the Minister of Information and Culture, Lai Mohammed, said the issue of Pantami’s removal was not discussed.  Source The Human Rights Writers Association of Nigeria (HURIWA) has warned President Muhammadu Buhari that his administration might be termed a sympathiser of the Al-Queada and Taliban should he refuse to sack his Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Isa Ali-Pantami. A statement by the National Coordinator, Comrade Emmanuel Onwubiko, and… In "News" Some security experts on Saturday dismissed the apology by the Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Isa Pantami, over some controversial comments he made in the past in support of global terrorist groups, Al-Qaeda and Taliban. The security analysts said Pantami’s comments were too weighty to be discarded, demanding either… In "News" The Presidency may have ruled out the possibility of sacking the Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Isa Pantami. The Presidency said Pantami’s ordeals were not about his past utterances but about his current job as a minister. This is just as the House of Representatives said members were ready… In "News"