The Human Rights Writers Association of Nigeria, HURIWA, has tackled Nigeria’s President, Muhammadu Buhari accusing him of Islamizing Nigeria with his appointments.  HURIWA alleged that by Buhari’s appointment of another Northern Muslim, Usman Alkali Baba as the new Inspector of General Police, he has shown that he is an unrepentant nepotist and bigot. The group also faulted Buhari for appointing Northern Muslims to head virtually all security arms of government. The group made this statement through its National Coordinator, Emmanuel Onwubiko on Thursday. “With the recent rash of top-level appointments by the President which failed to reflect the Federal Character principle as provided for by the constitution, it is inconceivable to believe otherwise other than to conclude that President Buhari’s sole agendum is the total Northernisation/Islamisation of Nigeria which will continue to breed discord, national disharmony, civil conflicts, instability and insecurity. “The recent strange announcement of the appointment of a new Inspector General of Police, Alhaji Alkali Baba rapidly railroaded to the acting position of Deputy Inspector General of Police to that of an acting position of the Inspector General of Police by President Muhammadu Buhari, a Northern Muslim who has since 2015 consistently appointed only Muslim Northerners into top internal security positions, the Daura-born retired Major General Muhammadu Buhari has sadly consolidated his negative ‘milestone’ as the most nepotistic president ever of Nigeria since 1960,” Onwubiko said. The group suggested that those controlling the top levels of government positions are executing the agenda of conspiracy theorists in the West who forecast that, “Nigeria will implode and collapse soon.” HURIWA said, “Whilst the President has refused to hearken to the voice of reason and has perdured and endured in implementing Pro-Islamic and Pro-Northern Muslim agenda of scheming out other major ethnoreligious communities from commanding positions in the core economic institutions and the defence, the restoration of normalcy, calm, tranquillity and stability may take a long time to be achieved beyond 2023. “Since 2015, Muslim Northerners have dominated and controlled unconstitutionally all internal security portfolios in Customs, Immigration, Civil Defence, Prisons, Police, Army, just as the Nigerian Ports Authority, NIMASA, FIRS, aviation agencies, Accountant General of the Federation are all in the hands of Northern Muslims of either Hausa/Fulani and a sprinkling of Kanuris.” HURIWA said the President and most of his appointees, practising deadly nepotism and dividing the fragile unity in Nigeria, are also in breach of Sections 14(3) and 42(1) of the Nigerian Constitution.  Source A Civil Rights advocacy group, Human Rights Writers Association of Nigeria, HURIWA, has condemned President Muhammadu Buhari for refusing to follow federal character in his appointments. The group accused the President of intentionally using people from Hausa, Fulani, and Kanuri extraction to dominate strategic positions in his government. It stressed… In "News" A call by the Chief Justice of Nigeria (CJN), Justice Tanko Muhammad, for the amendment of the constitution to broaden the application of Sharia law in the country has generated sharp reactions from some stakeholders of the two major religions in the country – Islam and Christianity. While the umbrella… In "News" Abuja - Following the suspension of the acting Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Ibrahim Magu, Human Rights Writers association of Nigeria (HURIWA), has advised President Mohammadu Buhari to consider merit and competence as benchmarks when selecting substantive head.National Coordinator of HURIWA, Emmanuel Onwubiko, in a statement,… In "News"