Commencing tomorrow, Smile, West Africa’s pioneer 4G LTE broadband service provider, will be offering its teeming customers a 100% bonus on recharge on any of its Bigga data plans. This bonus offer, fondly dubbed Double Data Offer, will last for fourteen days from the date of purchase. In essence, Smile customers will enjoy double data on the range of Smile’s Bigga data plans that include several packages such as 130GB, 100GB, 75GB, 60GB, 40GB, 30GB, 20GB, 15GB, 12GB, 10GB, 8GB, 6.5GB, 5GB, 3GB, 2GB and 1.5GB plans. But for this specific double data offer, the bonus will be valid for fourteen days from purchase. Vitally, the 100% bonus on recharge to subscribers purchasing any Bigga data plan will be used before the paid bundle. To Abdul Hafeez, Smile Nigeria’s Chief Marketing Officer, the 100% bonus offer is one of the many ways that Smile utilizes to smoothen for its customers the apparent rough patches occasioned by the current inclement economic situation in the country. With the 100% bonus offer, Abdul Hafeez opined that Smile is offering its loyal customers double data as a thank you gift for their continuous support and patronage. He therefore urged the customers to ensure that they maximize the benefits of this too good to be missed offer while it last. Customers desirous to benefit from the double data offer will have to utilize the numerous Smile recharge platforms that include Shops, Kiosks, Field Sales Representatives and Authorised Smile dealers. Other avenues available to the customers are 3rd Party Online channels like Banks, Quickteller, Paystack, Jumia Pay, etc. Subscribers can also recharge directly through their MySmile App and MySmile Portal online. Ashade Abdurraheem, an Ikeja based IT entrepreneur, noted that this double data offer could not have come at a better time than at the twilight of the Ramadan period with the consequent Sallah holidays. He surmised that with the coming Sallah festivities, the 100% bonus offer would further enable many Nigerians to easily access broadband service from Smile and enjoy about the best internet experience in Nigeria. Renowned for its customer centric bent, Smile is reputed to have berthed more customers’ focused and pocket friendly products than any of its peers. This is in line with the company’s philosophy of deploying broadband to make Nigerians enjoy the best internet experience. Indeed, Smile was the first to launch VoLTE on its network and has continued with its innovation, having introduced SmileVoice, which is a free mobile app that enables customers with any Android or Apple iPhone device (including those which are not VoLTE-enabled) to make SuperClear voice calls over Smile’s 4G LTE network. Smile was also the first to introduce an Unlimited offering, which enables SuperFast data and SuperClear voice, all on one bundle. LAGOS - Pushing further its accustomed excellence service streak, Smile Communications, Nigeria’s leading 4G LTE Broadband service provider, has introduced another set of customer-centric campaigns that will ensure a fruitful and memorable Yuletide celebration for all its customers. The two campaigns have been carefully created and are united in the… In "Technology" LAGOS - Smile, pioneer 4G LTE telecommunications service provider in West Africa, has announced its new device and bonus offers to reward their customers. The proposed offers are affordable, thus making it easier for customers to enjoy the benefits that comes with having a SuperFast and reliable Internet connection. Through… In "Business" Leading Broadband Company, Smile Nigeria, has literally set the nation’s broadband market on fire with their new range of amazing data plans which give consumers much more value for their money. With the introduction of the new range of data plans, a new buzz has been created with the quartet… In "Technology"