OWERRI – The headquarters of the Imo State Police Command, Owerri and the Owerri Prison have been attacked.A correctional facility and police investigations department in the command headquarters in Owerri were set on fire by unidentified attackers in an overnight operation on Monday.The attack was said to have started around 2am on Monday (early this morning) and freed an unspecified number of inmates and suspects. Senior government officials have been reportedly asked to shelter-in-place due to the proximity of the scene to the government house. It was unclear how many prisoners escaped, the level of destruction and casualty figures were not immediately available at the time of filing this report, but pictures shared on social media showed heavy smokes billowing from what posters said were the scenes of the attack that lasted for more than two hours. Effort to speak to the Police Public Relations Officer was not possible as a result of poor network as the the time of filing this report.Sundiata Post learnt that soldiers from the Nigerian Army base in Obinze, Owerri, have restored calm in the town now. The Imo State Command of the Nigerian Police Force (NPF), has launched an intensive investigation to unravel the cause of death of one of its men found dead in the street of Owerri, the state capital. The body of the policeman, identified as Haruna Kaura, was reportedly found dead at… In "News" A truck on Wednesday killed a police officer on a stop-and-search along Owerri-Okigwe expressway in Imo State. The incident which occurred at Atta in the Ikeduru Local Government Area of the state caused panic in the area. When The PUNCH visited the scene of the incident, other police officers were… In "Metro" ABUJA (Press Release) - By the unconditional release and acquittal yesterday, 23rd August 2018 at Owerri Magistrate Court, of 15 Mothers of the Igbo Nation, the freedom and victory for 112 detained others released hours ago were fully secured. In other words, the 112 Mothers of Igbo Nation arrested, humiliated,… In "News"