LAGOS – Following online news publications indicating that the company is involved in price fixing, Dangote Sugar Refinery PLC (DSR) has denied the claim, saying that it is actually engaged in backward integration. The company had sent a statement to Sundiata Post on Thursday, stating its own side of the story. “Dangote Sugar Refinery PLC (DSR) is aware of an online publication claiming that Dangote Sugar Refinery PLC is engaging in price-fixing and is not honestly engaged in any Backward Integration Programme as claimed. “DSR wishes to vehemently refute the allegations and assertions in their entirety as the false allegations are geared at tarnishing the good name and brand of Dangote Sugar Refinery Plc and Dangote Industries Limited. “DSR does not engage in artificial price manipulation of its products, either during the Holy month of Ramadan or at any other time. We have never ever increased price of our food items or commodities during the Holy month of Ramadan in the history of our operations” according to the Group Managing Director, Mr. Ravindra Singhvi. He also added that the company is socially responsible and considers price-fixing to be unethical. Such allegation is highly mischievous and a calculated attempt to smear the reputation of DSR. DSR can only sadly conclude that the online publication is mischievous and geared at creating some form of undue advantage to some Industry players, he said. He said that the company began its Backward Integration Programme (BIP) with a 10-year sugar development plan, to produce 1.5 million MT per annum of sugar from locally grown sugarcane. The Project commenced with acquisition of large expanse of land in strategic locations such as Taraba State, Adamawa State and Nasarawa State. To this end, three (3) BIP sugar companies; Dangote Taraba Sugar Limited, Dangote Adamawa Sugar Limited, Nasarawa Sugar Company Limited were incorporated. The company had commenced rehabilitation and expansion of its Sugar Factory at Numan. Sugarcane planting has also commenced in the two other BIP locations. DSR has a responsibility to the overnment, the good people of Nigeria and the Sugar Industry and all other stakeholders to protect the integrity of the Sugar industry and wishes to assure its stakeholders as follows: It will do all that is necessary to vehemently protect the integrity of the Sugar Industry, it is not engaged in price fixing and it encourages healthy competition amongst the players. DSR highlighted a matter (BUA’s operation of a Sugar refinery in the Free Trade Zone in Port Harcourt, exporting refined sugar into the Custom territory) which may circumvent the National Sugar Master Plan’s (NSMP) framework and jeopardise its objectives by taking advantage of the location of its Port-Harcourt Refinery in the Free Trade Zone. DSR made this notification to the Hon. Minister of Industry, Trade & Investments bona fide, via its letter to the Minister dated January 28, 2021 asking the Minister to investigate the matter. We believe our action is in line with our responsibility as a major stakeholder to alert the supervising ministry on activities that would derail the plan of the Federal Government in its drive to self-sufficiency in Sugar under the NSMP. A major war has been raging in the Nigeria sugar industry for some time now and the bubbles seemed to have burst with Dangote’s decision to petition the Federal Government asking the Ministry of Trade to shut down BUA Group’s Sugar Refinery located in Port Harcourt. In the letter dated… In "Business" Lagos  - Dangote Sugar Refinery (DSR) has obtained the Food Safety Systems (FSSC 22000) Certification. This is contained in a statement issued in Lagos on Saturday by the company. The certification, according to the company, is fully recognised by the Global Food Safety Initiative (GFSI). The statement stated that the… In "Business" By Oluwafunke Ishola Lagos - Dangote Sugar Refinery, a subsidiary of Dangote Group, has declared a profit before tax of N34.6 billion for the financial year ended Dec. 31, 2018. A breakdown of the result released on the floor of the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) on Wednesday indicated that while… In "Business"