Scores of suspected criminals have been killed by military airstrikes conducted in Akwa Ibom State over attacks on police formations and the killing of some policemen in the state. A statement on Wednesday, by Brigadier-General Mohammed Yerima, Director of Army Public Relations, (DAPR), said that following the new security threats springing up from Essien Udim Local Government Area of the state, a combined team of Military and Security Agencies in the State conducted a clearance operation at Ntak Ikot Akpan in order to flush out the miscreants. “The operation was successfully executed and resulted in the dislogment of the criminals while fleeing hoodlums were neutralised by the Air Component.” The statement complained that, “the general security situation in Akwa Ibom state has been very peaceful until recently when the security situation around Essien Udim Local Government Area of the State became tensed occasioned by activities of some hoodlums and criminal elements. “The miscreants exploited various avenues to acquire weapons to perpetrate their heinous crimes. “In the past few weeks, the group has attacked various security agencies which resulted in the loss of lives and carting away of weapons. “The last incident led to the killing of some policemen including a CSP. The hoodlums continued to terrorise law abiding citizens through extortions and infringement on their rights. “Normalcy has been restored in the area while the Police personnel have since assumed full control and carrying out normal duties. “Members of the public are advised not to panic but to remain calm and continue to support the security agencies to further consolidate on the successes recorded so far”, Yerima said in the statement. (Daily Independent) Less than 24 hours after gunmen attacked the Imo State Police Command headquarters and the Nigerian Correctional Service at Owerri, the immediate past Inspector General of Police, Muhammed Adamu, on Tuesday, visited the state. During the visit, the ex-IG insisted that members of the Indigenous People of Biafra carried out… In "News" According to a report by PREMIUM TIMES, the police in Akwa Ibom State, Nigeria’s South-south, have confirmed that three of their officers have been killed, while four are missing in Essien Udim Local Government Area of the state during a violent clash between security operatives and some hoodlums. The police… In "News" ABUJA - Sen. Helen Eseune (PDP-Akwa Ibom) on Monday promised not to retreat from Akwa Ibom gubernatorial race in spite a recent attack on her at Essiem Udim Local Government Area of the state by hoodlums. The senator, who made this known while addressing newsmen in Abuja, said she was… In "News"