An elder statesman, Chief Reuben Fasoranti, on Tuesday declared his support for the national leader of the All Progressives Congress, Asiwaju Ahmed Tinubu, ahead of the 2023 presidential election.  He described Tinubu as a qualified Nigerian who has all it takes to govern the country. Fasoranti spoke when Tinubu supporters in the five South-West states under the auspices of the South-West Agenda for Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu paid him a courtesy visit in his residence in Akure, the Ondo state capital.  He said, “Tinubu will have my total support. With all his hard work in the country, his activities and his track record, he deserves to be President. I know him very well and he can do it. “He has my total support. Judging from his performances and activities, he is the one that can do it. Our prayer is that God will make him realise his vision and all prayers for him will be granted. “All your efforts on him will not be in vain. If he becomes the President of this country, he will not disappoint Nigerians.” The group’s coordinator in the South-West, Dayo Adeyeye, called on the people of the region to speak with one voice and support Tinubu’s candidacy. He said, “Yoruba still want to be President and the only way we can get it right now is to pick and support Asiwaju Bola Tinubu and that is why we have started the consultation and campaign earlier. “Tinubu is a leader who transforms nothing into something and feeds his people from the riches of what has been so transformed.” INEC meets Ondo monarchs, seeks prayers, advocates peace2023: I knew Buhari was deceiving Tinubu – Afenifere chieftain, AdebanjoMembers of the group had met with prominent traditional rulers and citizens of the state as they paid homage to the palaces of Abodi of Ikaleland and Osemawe of Ondo kingdom, Oba Victor Kiladejo. Oba Kiladejo said if Yorubas could speak with one voice and be united, the Tinubu presidential ambition would come to reality. “Tinubu is a highly experienced leader with the required political tact to take over from where President Muhammadu Buhari would stop in 2023,” the monarch said. Similarly, the Abodi of Ikaleland, Oba George Faduyile, described Tinubu as a reasonable leader. “We have to be in the mainstream of Nigeria politics, Tinubu is the best candidate we can pick in the South-West. “He has the charisma and he has all what it takes to rule this country. We need him to restructure our country,” the traditional ruler said.  Source By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Lagos State All Progressives Congress (APC) on Monday warned the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) chieftain, Commodore Bode George, to desist from fabricating lies against Asiwaju Bola Tinubu. The party wondered why George could support the Mr Kola Abiola’s lie that Tinubu begged the… In "Top Stories" By Max Amuchie ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - Dr. Kayode Fayemi, Minister of Solid Minerals, has dissociated himself from a news report (not on Sundiata Post) linking him to disparaging remarks against Asiwaju Ahmed Bola Tinubu, national leader of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC). A statement issued late Sunday night… In "Top Stories" •Asiwaju Bola Tinubu National leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, has very strong enemies and a few of them would not wait for him to die before burying him.  As soon as there were indications last week that President Muhammadu Buhari had withdrawn support for… In "Opinion"