Oba of Benin, Ewuare II, yesterday, enjoined Christians to pray against insecurity and for the enduring peace and harmony among mankind as they celebrate the death and resurrection of Jesus Christ. This was contained in a press statement signed by Mr. Ogiemwanre Victor, acting Chief Press Secretary to Oba of Benin and made available to newsmen in Benin City. His Royal Majesty further charged them to use the season to reflect on the teachings of Jesus Christ and follow after His footsteps in their daily living. “Omo N’ Oba N’ Edo, Uku Akpolokpolo, Ewuare II, Oba of Benin, felicitates with Christians on the occasion of Easter, which is used to mark the crucifixion and resurrection of Jesus Christ. “His Royal Majesty enjoined Christians irrespective of denominations to use this period of Easter to reflect on the teachings of Jesus Christ and endeavour to follow the footsteps of Christ in their daily living”, he said. The monarch, while congratulating Christians all over the world, said they must continuously pray for the nation’s leadership and for the mitigation against the world deadly disease of Coronavirus pandemic across the globe, particularly in Nigeria. Sun News By Imelda Osayande Easter Benin - The Oba of Benin, Oba Ewuare II has urged Christians to use the period of Easter to reflect on the teachings of Jesus Christ and endeavour to emulate Christ in their daily lives. In a statement signed by the Chief Press Secretary, Mr Desmond… In "News" Three and a half years after ascending throne, Oba of Benin, Omo N’Oba Ewuare II has welcomed a baby boy into the royal house. The ruler of Benin made the announcement on Monday, according to a report by Nigerian Tribune. The traditional ruler was installed on October 20, 2016. Oba… In "News" •President Muhammadu Buhari and Oba Ewuare II BENIN - The Palace of the Oba of Benin has condemned in the strongest terms the malicious attacks on the integrity of President Muhammadu Buhari and a few other respected Nigerians in a recent video trending on the social media. In the video,… In "News"