Iwalewa Books, a publishing house for art and discourse, has released a new book on Yoruba deities. The 208-page book entitled Who’s who in the Yoruba Pantheon! is written by Peju Akande, Toni Kan, Jahman Anikulapo and accompanied by illustrations by visual artist and newspaper editor, Abdulkareem Baba Aminu. It is filled with facts and fun and answers every question about Yoruba gods and goddesses. It features deities including Ògún, Sàngó, Ọya, Ọbà, Ọbàtálá, Ọrúnmìlà, Èsù, Soponná, Olókun, Ajé, Aganjù, Ọsanyìn, Yemoja, Osun, Morèmi and Òsóosì Currently available at Lagos bookstores including Bloom Art, Quintessence, Ouida Books and Jazzhole, ‘Who’s who in the Yoruba Pantheon’ busts some myths about popular Yoruba gods. It notes, for instance, that Èsù most definitely is not Satan. A notice announcing the book’s release also indicated that an e-version is available on iwalewabooks.com. Based in Bayreuth, Germany, and Johannesburg, South Africa, Iwalewa Books, through some series, dedicates its publications to questions about aesthetic, social discourses, the politics of collecting and debates about archives, and artistic and academic positions from the Global South. All its publications are based on the conviction that creating books is an aesthetic and collective endeavour. Hence it produces volumes in collaboration with research projects and cultural and societal initiatives. By Dorcas Elusogbon Ile-Ife (Osun) - The Ooni of Ife, Oba Adeyeye Ogunwusi, Ojaja 11, today likened the Yoruba deity Oluorogbo with Jesus Christ, drawing similarities between them. The Ooni spoke Saturday to newsmen at the resuscitated  Edi Annual Festival in Ile-Ife, meant to celebrate Oluorogbo, who according to mythology,… In "News" LAGOS - The Aare Onakakanfo of Yorubaland, Chief Gani Adams, on Wednesday reechoed the call for restructuring as a way out of the challenges confronting Nigeria. Adams spoke in Ikeja at the launch of two books in his honour by the Lagos Council of the Nigeria Union of Journalists to… In "News" “Nigeria is diminished,” were the heavy words, with which former President, Olusegun Obasanjo, reacted, on Saturday from faraway Morocco, to the killing of the daughter of Afenifere leader, Reuben Fasoranti, Funke Olakunrin, on Friday. The news of the dastardly incident, was broken by spokesman of the pan-Yoruba socio-cultural organisation, Yinka… In "Top Stories"