The Chief Imam of Uwani Islamic Centre, Enugu, Sheik Abdul Isola, has urged parents to take 100 per cent responsibility for the up-bringing of their children or wards.  Isola, also the Chief Missioner of the Centre, said this when he spoke with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Enugu on Wednesday. The cleric noted that it was wrong for parents to abandon their care and guidance of their children solely in the hands of teachers and at times to youths in the streets. According to him, parents should use this Ramadan to reflect on how they have been able to meet the parental needs of their children or wards. “It is good that Muslim faithful and indeed entire parents in the country should use this Ramadan to reflect on the up-bringing of their children or wards placed under their care by Almighty Allah. “Vast majority of parents leave their homes early and come back at the evening hours, within 10 to 12 hours daily; their children and wards are left in the care of teachers. “Most of these teachers have at least 20 or 30 children to take care of at the same time in the various classes. “Even when the children return, the absence of parents makes some of them turn to street grown-ups and look upon them for guidance. “This guidance and nurture by youths on the streets most times are inimical to the growth and sound morals of these children,’’ he said. Isola noted that charity begins at home, adding: “We cannot be talking of reforming the society for the better, without the reform starting from the family’’.  (NAN) By Oladapo Udom Lagos -   The Chief Imam of Lagos, Alhaji Sulaimon Nollah, on Friday urged Muslims in the country to extend the spirits of peace, unity, love and solidarity to non-Muslims before,during and after the Eid-el-Fitri. Nollah said this during the Eid-El-Fitri service which held at the Obalende… In "News" By Muhammad Nasir Bashir   Dutse   -      The Emir of Dutse, Alhaji Nuhu Muhammad, has expressed concern over increasing number of youths engaged in drug abuse in the state and the nation in general. Muhammad made the remarks in a Sallah message to residents at his palace… In "News" Enugu -   Enugu State Ministry of Education says it has embarked on a campaign tagged “Operation Drag Your Parents to School” to curb juvenile delinquency in schools in the state. The state Commissioner for Education, Prof. Uchenna Ezeh, made this known in an interview with the News Agency of… In "News"