By AKINOLA AJIBOLA The United States government has advised its citizens to reconsider travel to Nigeria as a result of the security threats in some parts of the country. In its latest travel advisory, the government decried the spate of crime, terrorism, civil unrest, kidnapping, and maritime crime, stressing that some areas have increased risk. “Violent crime – such as armed robbery, assault, carjacking, kidnapping, hostage-taking, banditry, and rape – is common throughout the country. “Kidnappings for ransom occur frequently, often targeting dual national citizens who have returned to Nigeria for a visit, as well as U.S. citizens with perceived wealth. Kidnapping gangs have also stopped victims on interstate roads,” the U.S. government said. It was worried that terrorists have continued to plot and carry out attacks in Nigeria, especially in the North East. According to the government, terrorists may attack with little or no warning, targeting shopping centres, malls, markets, hotels, places of worship, restaurants, bars, schools, government installations, transportation hubs, and other places where crowds gather. It said there has been civil unrest and low-level armed militancy in parts of the South, especially in the Niger Delta region where kidnapping and maritime crime were pervasive. The U.S. government warned its citizens against violence between communities of farmers and herders in rural areas, as well as maritime crime in the Gulf of Guinea. It decried that it has limited ability to provide emergency services to its citizens in many areas of Nigeria due to security conditions. (Channels TV) Washington, - The U.S. has raised its travel advisory for Burkina Faso to level 4, advising citizens not to travel to the country “due to terrorism, crime, and kidnapping”. In an advisory, the State Department said it had ordered all family members of U.S. government employees not of age to… In "Foreign" The United States government has warned its citizens against travelling to Nigeria for security reasons. In the advisory published on the website of its Department of State, Bureau of Consular Affairs, Americans were warned against travelling to Borno, Yobe and the Northern part of Adamawa State due to terrorism. Americans… In "News" The US department of state has warned its citizens to reconsider traveling to Nigeria saying violent crime, such as armed robbery, assault, carjacking, terrorism, civil unrest, kidnapping, rape and piracy are common in the country. This was contained in a travel advisory released on its website, which contains information on… In "Foreign"