…Says Nigeria soaked with blood . Decries leadership failure, a spate of killings . Says things getting out of control.  Renowned gospel preacher, Pastor Paul Enenche, has decried the wave of killings and general insecurity in the land, saying that Security chiefs are now supervising mass killings, insecurity in the country. Worried by the spate of violent attacks in different parts of the country during a prayer session in his church, Enenche accused the leadership of the country of complacency in the face of the worsening insecurity. The cleric in a viral video on Facebook monitored by our Correspondent in Abia cautioned those in authority to stop the flow of blood in the land or brace up for God’s wrath. Lamenting the inability of the country’s leadership to stem the tide of disturbing insecurity in Nigeria, the cleric declared that Nigeria is infested with weak and inept leadership. The cleric who was livid with the casualty figures of attacks by bandits, kidnappers, terrorists and unknown gunmen in different parts of the country challenged the leadership of the country to rise to the occasion. His words: “Enough is enough! We have modern technologies that can locate kidnapping cells in the forest under 24 hours. “We have Leaders who are supervising killings. Chief of nothing! What Nigeria is suffering from is leadership disaster, not a natural disaster.” He regretted that Nigeria is a country blessed with abundant human and material resources but bedevilled by inept and weak leadership. “If somebody is watching and blood is flowing and he has the capacity to stop it but fails, it’s either he is a killer or collaborates with killers. “What is happening in Nigeria is completely unacceptable. It appears as if those we refer to as Chief security officers have become Chief Insecurity officers that are doing nothing but supervising massive Insecurity. “We have those priding themselves as Chief this, Chief that but Chief nothing! They have become Chief Insecurity officers. “Where are those that can make kidnapping stop within seven days if they want?” We are in a country with heartless leaders; we have leaderless leaders, leaders with zero leadership quality. “It appears what we have is people in positions of authority doing nothing but overseeing insecurity and mass killings”, he fumed. Quoting John Maxwell, the cleric said: “Everything rises and falls with leadership”. “Is it by force to rule? If you can’t rule well can’t you resign? “If we wait for those in authority everybody may die of calamity. The land is soaked with the blood of the innocent!”  (Vanguard) •Promises tougher measures against bandits•Senate backs community policing, to interface with IG•Insecurity alarming, says House Omololu Ogunmade, Deji Elumoye, Chucks Okocha and Adewale Akinwale in Abuja Abuja (Sundiata Post) - President Muhammadu Buhari yesterday expressed shock at the level of violent crimes in the North-west and other parts of the… In "Top Stories" Reno Omokri, a former aide to ex-President Goodluck Jonathan, on Tuesday, condemned the killing of an operative of the Department of State Services, DSS, Sadiq Abdullahi Bindawa in Katsina State by bandits. Omokri berated President Muhammadu Buhari for the spate of insecurity in the country, following the abduction and murder… In "News" •terrorists By Olalekan Adetayo, John Ameh, Friday Olokor and Success Nwogu ABUJA - The United States has advised the Federal Government of Nigeria to do more in protecting Nigerians and humanitarian organisations that are assisting the country in the face of activities of Boko Haram insurgents and other religious and… In "Top Stories"