By Johnbosco Agbakwuru  He also said no president would intentionally want his citizens exposed to banditry and danger. Tinubu said:“I don’t want to predict that one (chances of the APC retaining power at the centre, after President Buhari) right now, I don’t want to do that subject now. The chances are as bright as a midnight star. We will continue to work for a better Nigeria and that is what you need. “We cannot interject politics and assumption into everything, we have a nation to build, we have a baton to pass. You can depend on Buhari that he will not spend one hour beyond his tenure. He will do that; he will comply with the Constitution. So, how it happens? Read the Nigerian Constitution and find out from the INEC website.” The former governor of Lagos State stated this, while fielding questions from journalists after meeting with President Muhammadu Buhari, Monday night, at the Presidential Villa in Abuja. Tinubu, who was accompanied by APC’s pioneer interim National Chairman, Chief Bisi Akande, debunked the insinuations that he has a frosty relationship with the President. Asked what the President should do to address the security situation in the country, he called for effective security and communication. His words: “Cooperation, understanding and determination; effective security, effective information. No president will want his country in chaos. Have you seen one? Point one to me. No one will want his citizens exposed to banditry and danger. “There’s no president or leader that will want his nation fractured by tribalism, religious differences and all that. It calls for serious management and serious evaluation and dialogue once in a while. That’s all.” On the agenda of his visit, he said: “It is to generally review the perceptions going on outside there and equally focus on the security across the country more. He will have more information than we have, but we are his ears close to the ground and we have to exchange views so that a better Nigeria is grounded. That’s all.” On the best way forward, Tinubu said: “The best way is what we are doing; coming together to reduce banditry, to move for unity and be able to bring a better Nigeria to the people. The welfare of our people is extremely important. “And yes, every nation will go through these curves and difficult times. How we communicate it to the people, what are the areas to help make it easier for people to bear, those are ideas on how to be able to change the leadership of the country.” Further asked to comment on the insinuation that he has an unhealthy relationship with the President, the APC helmsman said: “Nothing like that, there is nothing like unhealthy (relationship with the President). Who is our doctor? Is it social media that is measuring the relationship? I don’t have to disturb him (Buhari) openly on camera, is it? No, we have so many ways to look at issues. We have nothing like that.”(Vanguard) The next general elections may be two years away, but the debate about which part of the country should produce the All Progressives Congress (APC) presidential candidate has begun to heat up the polity. While some members of the party have hinted of a possible return of the presidency to… In "Politics" The Caretaker Chairman of the All Progressives Congress in Lagos State, Mr Tunde Balogun, has disclosed that the founding fathers of the party had an agreement in 2014 that the South-West geopolitical zone will produce the party’s presidential candidate for the 2023 election. He said it would be “dishonourable” for… In "Politics" Ahmed Bola Tinubu is arguably the self-proclaimed leader of the Yoruba in Nigerian politics. It couldn’t be more obvious than during the 2015 presidential election when he got many Yoruba to vote for President Muhammadu Buhari. Buhari so literally worshipped him that had Tinubu sneezed, Buhari would have easily caught… In "Opinion"