Angry youths at Sade village in the Darazo Local Government Area of Bauchi State have set ablaze a water vendor for allegedly blaspheming Prophet Muhammad (PBUH).  The victim, identified as Talle Mai Ruwa, was reportedly detained at a police station in the area before the irate youths mobilised and seized him from the police cell. They were said to have burnt his body using petrol and a disused car tyre. A source told our correspondent in a telephone interview that the incident happened between Monday night and Tuesday morning. He said, “The man and his parents are all Muslims in Sade village. A lady went to fetch water where the deceased sold water. She fetched the water while he was not around and when he came back and saw her, he used his leg to kick the bucket and the water spilled. “She pleaded with him in the prophet’s name to allow her fetch the water. He then abused her, her father, mother and the Prophet Mohammed. This infuriated the youth and the district head, who took him to a police station. “The spiritual and traditional leaders met and brought him out; they were looking for a way out of the situation. They asked him if he was guilty of what he was being accused of and he admitted to it. They asked him thrice and he admitted to it. They then took him back to the police station. “In the morning, the whole town gathered and besieged the station. Because of the number of people that were there, they overwhelmed the policemen. The people brought him out and started pelting him with stones and shouting, ‘Allahu Akbar!’ They kept stoning him till he died. The youth brought car tyres and put it on him and set him ablaze.” Several calls to the state Police Public Relations Officer, Ahmed Wakil, a Superintendent of Police, on Wednesday, were not picked. He also did not reply to a message sent to his phone as of the time of filing this report.  Source Youths of Enugwu -Ukwu in Njikoka local government area of Anambra State have gone on rampage following the death of one of their colleagues on Wednesday night. They burnt fires at the old Onitsha -Enugu road, alleging Policemen killed their colleague while trying to enforce the curfew order. The protest… In "Metro" A 26-year-old, Shagbada Erigga has been arrested by police in Oyo for allegedly killing his girlfriend, Happiness Winifred, 30, for refusing to have sex with him. He was paraded today June 30 by the Oyo state Commissioner of Police, CP. Chuks Enwonwu, who said that the suspected murderer, Erigga invited… In "Metro" Monica Ota Uche, an indigene of Umuchiakuma based in Abuja, is notorious for acts of criminality, including assaults and unlawful use of police escorts, whenever she visited the community. On that day she ordered her police escorts to shoot Chimezie Anyaoha, a 35-year old engineer who had come home for… In "News"