LAGOS – Nigerian lawyers are poised to storm Governors’ offices tomorrow in compliance with the directive by the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA) and to press home the demand for financial autonomy for the judiciary. The move is in apparent solidarity with the Judiciary Staff Union of Nigeria (JUSUN) which embarked on a nationwide strike to ensure financial autonomy for the judiciary. In a statement personally signed by the NBA President, Mr. Olumide Akpata, the association asked all NBA branches “to effectively mobilize their members and pay visits to their respective State Governors at the Government Houses on Monday, 19th April 2021 to press home the demand for implementation of financial autonomy for the Judiciary. At the visit, NBA Branches in each State are to present a joint written demand to their State Governor requesting full compliance with existing legislative instruments and court judgments on the financial autonomy of the Judiciary.” Noting that the demand for financial autonomy “is legitimate, constitutional and is in the best interest of the Judiciary as it is one of the key parameters for enthroning independence of the Judiciary and fostering democracy,” the NBA also directed the branch chairmen “to ensure that these visits are embarked upon, every subsequent Monday, until there is full compliance with this demand that is aimed at strengthening our democracy and the dispensation of justice. We trust that our members will give the leadership of their respective branches all the support that they require to achieve this much needed victory for our justice system.” The move is coming on the heels of stalled efforts to amicably resolve the impasse, a situation bemoaned by the lawyers’ association which stated that “With these developments and the recent actions and utterances of officials of some of the State Governments, it has become apparent that most of the State Governments are not ready or willing to implement the constitutional provisions which grant financial autonomy to the Judiciary.” (City Lawyer) ADO-EKITI - The Chairman of Ikere-Ekiti branch of the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA), Mr Bunmi Olugbade, has appealed to the Judiciary staff Union of Nigeria (JUSUN) to suspend its nationwide strike. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that JUSUN strike entered its fourth day on Thursday. The union had… In "News" Lagos- The four branches of the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA) in Lagos State on Friday called for an urgent resolution of the ongoing strike by the Judiciary Staff Union of Nigeria (JUSUN). They made the plea in a communique issued after a meeting with the Lagos State Attorney-General and Commissioner for… In "News" Abuja- Mr Marwan Adamu, National President, Judiciary Staff Union of Nigeria (JUSUN), on Monday in Abuja said its current industrial action was indefinite until financial autonomy was achieved for the judiciary. Adamu stated this in an interview with judiciary correspondents at the Federal High Court headquarters complex. He said that JUSUN… In "News"