Ekiti State Governor Dr. Kayode Fayemi has assured that the state is determined to make this year’s National Festival for Arts and Culture (NAFEST) a memorable experience.  He stated that Ekiti is the most suitable state to host such a national programme of this magnitude, adding that Ekiti State is one of the most peaceful and hospitable places in the country. He spoke at the inauguration of the Local Organising Committee for NAFEST 2021 at the Government House, Ado Ekiti on Tuesday. Ekiti State will host the festival between November 13 and 20. Governor Fayemi urged members of the LOC to put in their best and write their names in gold. “Justify the confidence reposed in you . There is a nexus between culture and development,” he added. He promised members of the LOC support and urged them to discharge their duty with dedication, so that they can give a NAFEST everybody will be proud of. Director-General National Council for Arts and Culture Otunba Segun Runsewe commended Governor Fayemi for the administrative structure being put in place, culminating in the constitution of the State LOC to be inuagurated. He assured that the council will work closely with the state to ensure that this year’s NAFEST will be a NAFEST with a difference. “Looking at the theme of the festival Celebrating national unity in diversity, there is no better state and time to celebrate this diversity and strength of the Nigerian nation and her people,” he said. Ekiti State Commissioner for Arts, Culture and Tourism Prof Rasaki Ojo Bakare described the inauguration as historic because it is the first time the LOC of a national event of this magnitude is being inaugurated in the state He noted that in the last two years, culture and tourism sectors of the state have witnessed great and remarkable revolution. According to him, the right to host NAFEST this year is borne out of determination of the state to make Ekiti a beehive of social economic activities. “This is with the consciousness to stimulate tourism activities and create prosperity for our local entrepreneurs and traders. Thus further bears another testimony to the genuineness of government intention to eradicate poverty by attracting local and global investment opportunities to the state,” he said. The ceremony witnessed the presentation of gifts by Otunba Runsewe to Governor Fayemi, his wife and Prof Bakare.  Source By Joy Odigie, Undoubtedly, one of the major festivals in Nigeria is the National Festival for Arts and Culture (NAFEST), introduced in 1970 after the 30-month old civil war. It was meant to act as vehicle to foster unity, but now being explored to contribute to the nation’s economic development.… In "Features" By Jacinta Nwachukwu “Exploring the goldmine inherent in Nigeria’s creative industries’’ is the theme of the next edition of the National Festival for Arts and Culture (NAFEST) expected to hold in Uyo, Akwa Ibom, from Oct. 2 to Oct. 9. The festival is held annually and rotated among all states… In "News" By Ariwodola Idowu Ado Ekiti - Ekiti State Governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi on Sunday said he remained grateful to God for the outcome of the peaceful conduct of Saturday’s Presidential and National Assembly elections in the State. The ruling APC in the state has already won two senatorial and two… In "Politics"