The Federal Government is targeting about 60, 000 tractors to drive the Agricultural Mechanisation Programme.  This, it said, would ensure a paradigm shift from subsistence practice to commercial agro-industrial farming for food production, procurement of agricultural processing plants, fertiliser production, enhance value chains, among others. The Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, Alhaji Muhammad Sabo Nanono, made this known in a statement by the Ministry’s Chief Information Officer, Ezeaja Ikemefuna. “The Programme would ensure a paradigm shift from subsistence practice to commercial agro-industrial farming for food production, procurement of agricultural processing plants, fertiliser production, enhance value chains, among others.” Nanono noted that mechanisation would enhance local technologies evolution with over 600 private sector driven services centers, equipped with tractors, farming implements, storage and IT Facilities. Noting that agricultural mechanisation revolves around the world, it would address the challenge of feeding the growing population and achieving food sustainability, create jobs for teeming Nigeria youths and boost the economy. “This would address the challenge of feeding the nation’s growing population and achieving food sustainability, create jobs for teeming Nigeria Youths and boost the economy”, he said. He further informed of the ministry’s plans to increase agricultural Extension Workers to 75,000 on various value chains for efficient food production and self – sufficiency.  Source By Abiodun Obafemi and Funmilayo Oloyinde Unarguably, the development of a strategic action plan for agricultural sector --Agricultural Transformation Agenda -- remains one of the efforts of the Federal Government at boosting food production in Nigeria. Developed by former Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, Dr Akinwumi Adesina, the programme… In "News" By Doris Esa Abuja - The Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, Alhaji Muhammad Nanono, says the Federal Government is targeting about 60, 000 tractors to drive its Agriculture Mechanisation Programme. Nanono disclosed this when participants of Senior Executive Course (SEC) NO. 43 (2021) of the National Institute for Policy… In "News" Lagos - An expert, Mr Richard Ogundele, on Friday advised the ministries of agriculture to revive agricultural extension services to be more effective so as to boost food production. Ogundele told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos that an effective agricultural extension services would promote food security, improve… In "Business"