President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the dissolution and reconstitution of the governing councils of the University of Ibadan (UI), University of Port Harcourt (UNIPORT), University of Lagos (UNILAG), Obafemi Awolowo University (OAU), Ile-Ife and Maritime University in Delta State. This was contained in a statement yesterday by Mr. Sonny Echono, the Permanent Secretary, Federal Ministry of Education. He said the governing councils of the five universities would be inaugurated in Abuja by the Minister of Education, Malam Adamu Adamu, on April 19. The statement listed members of the new council of UI as Chief John Odigie- Oyegun, Chairman; Mr Masud Kazaure, Abba Yaro, Alhaji Abubakar Maikafi and Mr Emeka Nwagbo as members. It said: “For UNIPORT, the governing council members are Sen. Andrew Uchendu as Chairman, while Mr Kolo Uzamat, Cdre. D. T. Hinga, Mohammed Makarfi and Ahmed Al-Mustapha are members. “For UNILAG, we have Dr Lanre Tejuosho as Chairman, with Dr Aminu Ahmed, Dr Uro Gardner, Chief Chinedu Adindi and Mr Mustafa Salihu as members. “Also, OAU has Chief Oscar Udoji as Chairman, with Capt. Bala Jibrin, Mr Eugene Odo, Dr Lateef Babata and Alhaji Saidu Bako as members. “The Nigerian Maritime University, Okerenkoko in Delta has Dr Elias Courson as Chairman and Mr Nelson Alapa, Mr Victor Giadono, Alhaji Bello Dukku and Mr Godwin Ananghe as members.” The Nation By Modupe Adeloye Ibadan -  Chief John Odigie-Oyegun, former APC National Chairman, has said that the President Muhammadu Buhari led administration is rebuilding the foundation of the country towards economic prosperity. He made the statement on Friday in Ibadan during the 60th Anniversary lecture of Inner Circle of Friends, University… In "Politics" The Federal Government has reinstated Professor Oluwatoyin Ogundipe as the Vice-Chancellor of the University of Lagos (UNILAG). This was disclosed on Wednesday in a statement by the Federal Ministry of Education’s Director Press and Public Relations, Ben-Bem Goong. The statement titled, “Re: Report Of The Special Visitation Panel To University… In "News" •Dr Wale Babalakin (left) and Prof Oluwatoyin Ogundipe By Funmilayo Adeyemi ABUJA - The Federal Government has directed the Pro-Chancellor and Chairman Governing Council of the University of Lagos, Dr Wale Babalakin and the Vice Chancellor, Prof. Oluwatoyin Ogundipe to recuse themselves from official duties. The Federal Government made the… In "News"