The Governor of Katsina State, Aminu Bello Masari, has said contrary to the views in some quarters, the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), has not failed Nigerians.  Masari who spoke in a Television Continental interview monitored in Abuja on Sunday, however said Nigerians should commend Buhari for tolerating “rubbish from some people.”  He said, “The rating of the President has not changed. Anybody saying that the rating of the Buhari administration has gone down should wait till when we would have an election. “Protests are necessary in a democracy. Even in the best democracy in the world, people protest. The fact that we have democracy does not mean that people should not complain or protest. “I don’t think Buhari has failed us, I think he has tolerated us. We once had a civilian president who couldn’t take the rubbish that Buhari is taking from some people” He described the All Progressives Congress as “the strongest, most reliable, and dependable party in Nigeria today.” Ecobank encourages Nigerians abroad to own housesMasari said the dialogue between his government and the bandits collapsed because the criminals were not organised under a known leadership. He said, “I started the idea of dialogue with bandits way back in 2016 in collaboration with the heads of security agencies and we visited areas where the bandits were in charge. “Some of them laid down their arms but the agitation continues and it escalated last year with the kidnap of the Kankara boys. “The previous dialogue failed because the bandits are not under an organised leadership or umbrella. They are in various groups and categories.”  Source By Ismaila Chafe   Abuja -   Gov. Aminu Masari of Katsina State has pledged 2.5 million votes for President Muhammadu Buhari in the forthcoming 2019 Presidential election. Masari made the pledge in Abuja on Thursday while answering questions from State House correspondents after a closed-door meeting with President Muhammadu… In "Politics" Prominent groups and Nigerians from different walks of life, on Sunday, took a swipe at the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), over Friday’s abduction of students of the Government Science Secondary School, Kankara, Katsina State. Most of those who reacted said Buhari had failed and said they were shocked… In "News" By Shehu Danjuma Katsina -   The All Progressives Congress (APC), Katsina chapter, has announced that President Muhammadu Buhari scored 802,819 votes during the direct presidential primaries conducted in the state. Gov. Aminu Masari, who is the returning officer of Katsina APC, declared the direct primaries result on Saturday at… In "Politics"