Ahead of the mega-fight between Anthony Joshua and Tyson Fury, the two-time unified world heavyweight champion has invited boxing legends such as Floyd Mayweather and Wladimir Klitschko to train with him.  The highly anticipated undisputed showdow is on the brink of being announced after both fighters agreed on a venue for the multi-million-pound showdown. The British-Nigerian boxer, 32, officially began his training camp for The Gypsy King earlier this month and has invited both Floyd Mayweather and Wladimir Klitschko before the blockbuster bout. Chatting to Pro Beez of Pep Talk UK, Joshua said of Mayweather: “He’s a great man. “To have someone like that with the boxing brain, you need to be around fighters as a boxer. “Footballers need to be around footballers, boxers need to be around boxers. “Lions stay around lions, lions don’t hang around with sheep, do they? “Good boxers need to stay around better boxers in order to get better, so I’d definitely have him. “I’d have George Foreman, Evander Holyfield, Roberto Duran, Tommy Hearns, Sugar Ray Leonard. Mayweather, 100 per cent. “And Wladimir Klitschko, he’s always welcome. “And it’s inspiration for the kids in this gym as well because this gym is an amateur gym for the community, so yeah it’d be good to have them down here. “Mayweather’s more than welcome.” Saudi Arabia is expected to be announced as the venue for the fight which could likely take place on July 24.  Source Muhammad Ali's daughter has called Floyd Mayweather Jr "a little boy" ahead of the undefeated American's historic showdown with Filipino icon Manny Pacquiao. In the lead-up to the 'Fight of the Century' Mayweather suggested he was a greater fighter and had done more for boxing than Ali. "I don't agree… In "Sports" Abuja - World boxing heavyweight champion Tyson Fury is prepared to relinquish his World Boxing Association (WBA) and World Boxing Organisation (WBO) belts and could return to training in six months. Peter Fury, the uncle of the 28-year-old Briton, said the fighter had been in depression and should be taking… In "Sports" Floyd Mayweather took the unanimous decision - judges scoring the fight 118-110, 116-112, 116-112 The American is now unbeaten in 48 fights as a professional after beating his rival in the Fight of the Century Mayweather did most of the damage with his straight punches and was able to dance… In "Sports"