The termination of Mohammed Adamu’s appointment as Inspector General of Police while he was in Imo state has gotten reactions on social media.  President Muhammadu Buhari replaced Adamu with Usman Alkali Baba on Tuesday afternoon. Adamu was inspecting the havoc wreaked on the headquarters of the Imo State Police Command when the news of the termination of his appointment broke. In February, his appointment had been extended by three months but he had only spent two months and three days of that period when he was relieved of duty. Below are some Twitter reactions: Senator Shehu Sani@ShehuSaniGoodbye Adamu,rest well and regain your lost weight Babatunde Olatunji@Babatun09050838Abi now . Very funny country , on assignment and removed from there. My country Nigeria. BLAC TYGA@Ballardino11He is the new commissioner of Police in Imo state. You see this life no balance. Dem send am go far, come carry him chair Harrison@harri_010IGP SACKED while on official visit to IMO State. #inukwa sunday school dropout ⛪@_victorokonkwoNigeria is being run like one man business D’Antidote@PaschalchukzWell deserved, this was long overdue PDP 2023!!!@PDP_2023IGP SACKED while on official visit to Imo State. Malami is incharge if you know, you know E J@EmmryzzThe MAN ‘O WAR rep went to owerri and was flexing muscles.Chaiiii… Buhari do am this one “STRIKINGLY” Alabo Roland@Roland_speaksBuhari is in London, IGP Adamu went to Owerri to blow big grammar only to come back to Abuja as a former IGP.This life no balace. OluwaKenny@IamKennyBabsI doubt if Buhari is aware of this update. Someone who fought tooth and nail to keep Ádámù as IGP despite critics.Perhaps Adamu wasn’t tough enough on IPOB Lord Prince@skyprince1980Adamu arrives Imo as the IGP over the attack on Police &Prison facilities.While he was busy talking tough on how he will kill IPOB/ESN operatives, Buhari fired him &appoint Usman Alkali Baba to replace him.Adamu who came to Owerri as IGP will now return to Abuja as former IG Baby Governor TK@TanimolaKoladeOur dear former IG was issuing orders in Imo and our dear Abuja 01 decided to remove the rug from his feet .I wish Fmr IGP Adamu well and welcome acting IG Usman Baba.Hoping to see more deep rooted police reforms and personnel motivation. TRILL OG@1hvstleogMuhammad adamu went to owerri as the IGP.But he will leave as a former IGP.Na so life be. Toni Onyeihe@Goodnews_frIGP Adamu Mohammed rtd sacked on the road. APC should have allowed him return to Abuja na  Source There are indications that the Nigerian Police Council may nominate a new Inspector-General of Police by February. It is unclear if the current Inspector-General of Police, Mohammed Adamu, will get a tenure extension but unconfirmed sources said his successor may be announced. The council, which is chaired by the President,… In "News" The President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), has failed to summon a meeting of the Nigeria Police Council for the past 21 months despite the rising insecurity in the country. Investigations by our correspondent indicated that the last time the council met was on May 23, 2019, when it confirmed… In "News" AIG Mohammed Abubakar Adamu is Nigeria's new Inspector General of Police(IGP) but in acting capacity. True to News Express' report, Adamu was on Tuesday afternoon decorated as IGP by President Muhammadu Buhari and now outgone IGP Ibrahim Idris at a ceremony at the Aso Rock Villa, Abuja. Idris, who was appointed… In "Top Stories"