The Senior Special Assistant on (Education) to the Governor of Lagos State, Ms Adetola Salau, in conjunction with Education District 1 (Agege/Alimosho/Ifako- Ijaiye), has held a special intervention programme towards better performance of pupils in West African Senior Secondary School Certificate Examination (WASSSCE), conducted by the West African Examinations Council (WAEC).  The programme was held at the Government Senior College Hall, Agege, Lagos. It was attended by stakeholders in the education sector. They included Mrs Margaret Titi Solarin, tutor general, permanent secretary of Education District 1, who was the chief host; Ibrahim Aliyu of the U.S. Consulate; Chinazo Okoye, GIZ; Dr Omopeju Afanu, nucleus member of Steam Up Lagos; and Olowoyo I., Alimosho NUT chairman. Others were Olaleke F. O., Agege NUT chairman; Adeoye E. A., Ifako-Ijaiye NUT chairman; Mrs Adebara, coordinating director, Office of Quality Assurance; Mrs Shomolu, Alimosho zonal director, office of Education Quality Assurance; Mrs Ajose, Agege zonal director; Mr Sodipo, Ifakko- Ijaiye zonal director; Mrs Maria Ojo, director, School Support, and teachers of subjects. Salau represented the commissioner for Education and Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu, the main speaker and the special guest of honour. She enlightened the stakeholders on the need for excellence in the quest to deliver quality education to students in Lagos State through the Steam Up Lagos programme/project.  Source By Raji Rasak Lagos -  The Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Commission (ICPC) on Tuesday urged youths in Students Anti-Corruption Clubs (SACs) to protect their integrity from tender age. Mr Shintema Binga, the ICPC Zonal Commissioner for South-West, gave the advice at the ongoing Inauguration and Revitalisation of… In "News" LAGOS -  It was a mixed bag for the All Progressives Congress (APC) as it conducted  ward congresses in Lagos on Saturday. In some wards, late arrival of materials delayed the take-off of the congresses, while in others, the election of officers was conducted peacefully. In other areas, protests rocked… In "Politics" LAGOS (Sundiata Post) - The Lagos State Ministry of Education has commenced the sale of forms for screening of primary six pupils into Junior Secondary Schools (JSS1) of its Model Colleges/Upgraded Junior Secondary Schools for the 2016/2017 academic session. The Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Education, Mrs. Olabisi Ariyo, who disclosed… In "News"