The Nigerian Defence Academy (NDA) has said the Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME) is a basic requirement for admission into the academy. A statement by Maj. Bashir Jajira, the NDA Public Relations Officer, on Saturday in Kaduna, said the attention of the academy had been drawn to fake news speculating the suspension of UTME for the incoming members of 73 Regular Course. “The academy wishes to inform the general public that UTME is one of the basic requirements for entry into the academy. “All interested applicants into the academy must have passed the UTME and attained an acceptable minimum national standard as determined by JAMB annual policy meeting before gaining entry into the 73 Regular Course. “The general public is advised to disregard any information circulating on the social media purporting the suspension of JAMB for 73 Regular Course. “The information, which is false, has no link with the NDA and is capable of disqualifying interested applicants from gaining entry into the academy. “The academy wishes to reiterate that all activities relating to admissions into the NDA are duly publicised on its official website: www.nda.edu.ng and in some national dailies. (NAN) The date for the 2015 NDA entrance examination for the 67th regular course admission (more like Post-UTME Screening) has been released. Members of the public and candidates who have chosen the Nigerian Defence Academy during the last JAMB UTME are hereby informed of this development. All candidates that applied for… In "News" Nigerian Defence Academy, NDA application form for 2017/18 admission exercise is out. This is the application process for the 69th regular course of NDA. The 2017 registration has started online and interested members of the public can now apply. This article has the requirements and information on how to apply. Nigerian… In "Education" The Nigerian Defence Academy has announced that forms for entry into 73 Regular Course are not yet on sale. The Academy through the Public Relations Officer, Abubakar Abdullahi, said any information circulating on the social media purporting the sale of the forms is false and has no link with the… In "News"