A Nigerian businessman was killed by a drunk driver while trying to help a stranded man in Sacramento, California.  Ogechi Ugorji,his wife, is in mourning and shaken by the sudden loss of her husband Obinna Ugorji – the loving father of their three young children ages 4, 2 and 10 months. “His kids miss him so much,” Ogechi said in a report by CBS Sacramento. The Nigerian-American family had moved to the Sacramento area to live out big dreams. Obinna was the owner of a company that included a towing operation. He was planning to expand. “He’s a man of dreams, of many dreams. The tow truck company is just a part of it,” his wife said. Ugorji was on what would have been one of his last calls of the night when he helped a stranded driver and was hit and killed outside his tow truck on Interstate 5 near Seamus Avenue. The California Highway Patrol arrested the driver who hit Obinna. Larry Godbold is facing DUI and gross vehicular manslaughter charges. “Driving under the influence needs to stop. A lot of lives, too many lives, have been lost,” Obinna’s brother said.  Source A fatal accident has claimed the life of a Lance Corporal of the Nigerian army in Calabar. According to Vanguard, the sad incident happened in the early hours of today. It was gathered that the victim identified as Lance Corporal Hassan Haruna, was an officer of the Nigerian Army with… In "Metro" A 24-year old housewife, Mrs. Chinaza Oparah, has turned herself to widow and now facing charge for murder for stabbing her 27-year old husband, Obinna, to death during a scuffle in Lagos. PM Express reports that the incident happened at No. 34 Owodeni Street, Amukoko area of Lagos, where they… In "Metro" By Lucy Osuizigbo Awka - The Anambra State Command of the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), on Sunday, confirmed that two pedestrians died in a fatal crash involving a vehicle plying one-way on Awka-Onitsha Road in Anambra. The Sector Commander, Andrew Kumapayi, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in… In "Metro"