By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –   As Christans joined the rest of the world to celebrate easter, President Muhammadu Buhari has told Nigerians not to allow mischief mongers to divide the country. The President in his Easter message to Christians on Thursday assured Nigerians that the insecurity situation in the country will become a thing of the past. “I am convinced that the new resolve within the security personnel to make sure that insecurity in the country becomes part of our history will come to pass. “We should not allow the antics of a few mischief mongers to fragment the unity and faith that the vast majority of citizens of this country cherish and believe in. As I’ve said before, we are better and stronger as one nation under God”, he said. President Buhari commended “the enforcement and military personnel who continued to confront evil-minded individuals through the darkest of nights to keep us safe”. He recalled that a year ago, “in most of our major cities, our celebrations were somewhat subdued, as we battled the effect of the deadly Coronavirus pandemic. “The restrictions meant that our brethren could not attend traditional church services as they would have wished. I salute their resilience and understanding. “Today, we are able to congregate and worship together, cautiously.” President Buhari acknowledged and appreciated the sacrifices of doctors, nurses and other frontline health workers, “who have made the difference in saving lives and ensuring the reduction of the spread of the virus. “I thank Nigerians who have religiously adhered to various interventions to curb the spread of COVID-19, including regular hand washing; safe distancing, wearing of face masks, and embrace of vaccination. “We are united in our belief that if we do the right things, make the right decisions and act responsibly, the pandemic, like others before it, will no longer be a threat.” As Christians celebrate Easter, the President says it is an opportunity to renew hope and faith, show love and appreciation to one another, and not to despair, no matter the challenges of the period. “As a government, we will continue to ensure that the weak, the poor, and the underprivileged in our midst are not abandoned. “We have reached out with palliative care even in the midst of dwindling resources; we have tried our best to provide support to families and businesses affected at this time. “That is the spirit of Easter. The spirit of Faith. The spirit of Belief. The spirit of Hope. “I congratulate our brothers and sisters once again on this occasion and wish everyone a Happy Easter celebration”, the President added. By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari has enjoined Nigerians to intensify prayers for peace and security to return to all parts of the country. The president, in an Easter message to Nigerians, said that the call had become necessary in view of the fact that “the nation is… In "News" Abuja -  President Muhammadu Buhari on Saturday pledged that mass killings of innocent Nigerians, abductions and other criminal atrocities would soon become history in the country. The president made the pledge in his Easter message to the nation. He said that his administration was determined to achieve peace and security… In "News" By Emmanuel Oloniruha Abuja -   Former Vice President Atiku Abubakar has called on Nigerians to imbibe the virtues of love and sacrifice that characterised the life of Jesus Christ. Abubakar, who is a Chieftain of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP), made the call in an Easter message issued by… In "Top Stories"