Former Central Bank Governor, Prof Chukwuma Soludo, is safe, the Commissioner of Police in Anambra State, Monday Kuryas, has said.  Kuryas spoke on Channels Television, after gunmen attacked Soludo on Wednesday and killed three of his police orderlies. The incident happened in Soludo’s home town in Isiofia in the Aguata Local Government Area of Anambra State.  Speaking on the television programme monitored by The PUNCH, the police commissioner said though Soludo was safe, the state Commissioner for Public Utilities, Emeka Ezenwanne, was abducted by the gunmen. Kuryas said, ”The former CBN governor was holding a town hall meeting with the youths of his community called Isuofia in Aguata Local Government Area of the state. “Suddenly, unknown gunmen attacked my men that were providing security for him. In the exchange of fire, three of my men were killed but the professor is safe.  “However, the Commissioner for Public Utilities, Engr Emeka Ezenwanne, was abducted in the process and my men are on the heels of the abductors.” The commissioner said he has since visited the ex-CBN governor and “reassured the professor of the security around him”. While assuring the people of the state that his men were on top of the situation, the police boss said some arrests have been made in connection with the crime. Soludo, of the All Progressives Grand Alliance, is a frontline aspirant in the November 6 governorship poll in the state.  Source By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Vice Presidential Candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party in the 2019 general election and former governor of Anambra State, Dr Peter Obi has condemned the reported attack on Prof Charles Soludo where three of his security aides were allegedly shot dead. The former… In "Top Stories" A couple of minutes ago, unknown gunmen disrupted an interactive session between Isuofia youths and a former Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria, Prof Chukwuma Soludo at the town’s civic centre. Two policemen were reportedly shot dead. There is a serious stampede now in Afuzo area of Isuofia which… In "News" Gunmen on Monday attacked Kikuba village ‎in Chawai District of Kauru Local Government Area of Kaduna state and set ablaze twenty-one houses in the area. The gunmen stormed the area shooting sporadically around 6:00pm yesterday, according to the district chief, Yahaya Mohammed. Daily Trust gathered that the village shared border… In "News"