By Femi Kusa Easter 2021 is three days away. It is another opportunity to retreat into Christian life, dust up the teachings, discard untruths or illogicalities and deepen understanding in unassailable greens of truth.  This year, I wish, among other cleanups, to discard my old understanding of the soldier who plunged his spear into the lifeless body of the Lord Jesus as he hung on the cross. I will think less of the three wise men who exposed baby Jesus to danger, rather than protect Him, although their failings brought Golgotha about and changed the course and narrative of the mission of the love of God to the earth. I will think about the blood of Jesus and those men and women called stigmatists who, every Easter season, bleed from the head, hands, side and feet, exactly those places from which the Lord bled as he hung on the cross more than 2,000 years ago. The wound marks, known as stigmata, are thought by some Christians to be blessings for which the stigmatists must count themselves lucky and specially blessed to bear. But are they correct? Is the church, too, correct in holding this view and encouraging a pilgrimage of christians to this suffering men and women as if they are holy people? Whatever happened to the teaching of Jesus that whatever a man soweth, that he shall reap? The Holy Spear I used to feel revulsion for the man who plunged a spear into the side of the Lord on the cross until I began to read literature about what became of that spear. Like the cup or chalice in which the Lord served His disciples wine during the last Supper, that spear was to become a “hot” cake among nations. It was believed that whichever country took custody of it would prosper beyond the reaches of the others. If, in truth, the spear was resident in Germany at the time of Adolf Hitler, was it the source of the prosperity of that nation? Or, could it be that Adolf Hitler came to the earth as part of another nation, for which He was well endowed and his aura attracted prosperity to Germany? It is said in the history of that spear that the man who thrust it into the side of the Lord Jesus did it not out of hate but love. That statement jolted me. What love, I wondered. My shock was subdued by the explanation for his conduct…. the Romans certified a crucified person dead only after his bones were completely broken. The Lord Jesus presented a more serious problem to the authorities, for he had foretold that he would ressurect from the dead three days after His physical demise. The report says that the aim of this man in ripping open the side of the lifeless body of the Lord was to get the authorities to agree that He was stone dead, and avoid the ritual of breaking His bones. The spear which did this job was to become highly priced among nations. It was reported to have made many rounds before it got into the hands of Adolf Hitler. Only the spear head survived about 2,000 years of handling until it finally ended up in a museum where, as a boy, Hitler used to observe it.  Other accounts suggest that the Catholic Church may be in possession of it in Rome below the dome of St. Peter’s Basilica or in Vienna, where it is displayed in the Imperial Treasury of the Hofburg palace, Austria, or in Echmiadzin, Armenia. The Austrian location appears most plausible. Adolf Hitler reportedly showed interest in it because of reports that any country which possessed it would hold the destiny of humanity in its hands for good or ill. One of the military campaigns of Hitler in the Second World War, therefore, was the capture of the spear in Austria, where an important event in the spiritual history of humanity was already underway. People who are familiar with this event say Adolf Hitler was meant to be a part of it. But when he became Germany’s leader, Adolf Hitler misunderstood his coming to the earth and to Germany to not be to offer state protection for this spiritual event but aimed rather to appropriate it for Germany’s political leadership of all nations. This was similar to the abandonment by Pontius Pilate of his political appointment by Rome over the Jews to protect the Lord Jesus with his high office. It is conjectural what may have happened, and the course the Mission of Jesus to the earth would have followed, if by this reasoning Pontius Pilate freed Jesus. Nevermind that the religious leader of those days, fearing that Jesus was eroding their authority and influence, had handed him over to Pontius Pilate as plotting an overthrow of Augustus Caesar, Emperor of Rome, and political overlord of the Jews. Nevermind, also, that only a few days earlier, generals of the Jewish military resistance and Judas Iscariot, uniting with the populace, had planned a triumphant entry into Jerusalem, the Jewish capital, for Jesus during the Passover Feast. Nevermind as well that Jesus, reading the intent to use Him to spearhead a revolution, had openly declared in the temple that my Kingdom is not of this world and preached the brotherhood of all men . Jesus had not come for the political liberation of the Jews from Rome. He had come to light up the world of humanity darkened by Lucifer and to give mankind knowledge that would spiritually empower them to return to their home in paradise before the last judgment. Judas Iscariot had been a leading architect of the plan by the resistance movement to explore the popularity of Jesus and make Him king of the Jews for the overthrow of Roman rule because he wanted a place among the inner caucus disciples of Peter, James and John. The declarations of Jesus in the temple shocked him and the Jewish generals. In his frustration, Judas again turned to the Sanhedrin, the Jewish legislative and judicial court or council. The Sanhedrin had been planning to press against Jesus charges of blasphemy against God and threat to Roman rule. If he could identify Jesus and get them to arrest Him, Judas was certain, Jesus would use divine powers to overcome them and the planned revolution would gather stream again. This did not happen, and, in shame, Judas Iscariot returned a bribe of 30 shekels he had taken from the Sanhedrin and committed suicide. Meanwhile, Jesus stood before Pilate. Here was Pontius Pilate who, as Jesus was journeying down from the higher spheres of existence to the earth on His Mission, had offered to serve him, had been annointed and prepared for this job. The mission of Jesus to the earth was a battle with Lucifer and the darkness he had spurn around humanity through their own making. The darkness, led by the Anti-Christ, Lucifer, was bound to hit up. Who would like his dominion taken away? Four Wise Men had come from the heights to the earth before baby Jesus arrived. Earthly concerns made one to miss the trip to Bethlehem. The three who made it and who we celebrate today as three Kings of the Orient gave Him gifts and departed to their earthly businesses, forgetting the spiritual call which brought them to the earth. They were to have always stayed around Him, protecting Him with their earthly influence and authority. But, rather, they exposed Him to Herod, who massacred all newly born male children in a massive man hunt for baby Jesus under the guidance of Lucifer, the Anti-Christ. Lucifer would follow the adult Jesus everywhere, first tempting Him with earthly riches and splendour. Then He set the Pharisees and Sadducees and the Sanhedrin after Him. And from within the circle of the trusted 12 disciples, Lucifer exploited the ambition of Judas Iscariot. It is ironic that Christians believe today that Jesus came to die for their sins but no mother or father would name her child or his child after Judas Iscariot, who facilitated that death, a silent spiritual warning that something is wrong with this widely held belief. In the court of Pontius Pilate, Pilate could, therefore, be described as the last man standing. But he, too, gave way and Lucifer had His way! Three times, Pilate’s wife was guided in dreams to warn her husband to let Jesus go. But each time, his inner strength failed him, he forgot his promise in the Heights and gave way to Lucifer. But Lucifer was not done yet. He would soon set about distorting the pure teachings of the Lord. If He could change the pure teachings, and men followed Him, then the labour of Jesus would be in vain, unless these mis-teachings were exposed and mankind could have the right conceptions again. For no one can ascend to Paradise with the wrong conceptions. Even on earth, will a pilot flying an aircraft from London be able to land it at John F. Kennedy Airport in New York if his map deceived him that this airport was in Lagos? Conceptions are the keys for opening the doors, one after the other, on the way to Paradise. The wrong keys cannot open the right doors. Jesus came to give mankind the right conceptions. So, by taking the right keys from humanity and replacing them with the wrong keys after the departure of Jesus, mankind, unknowingly was still under Lucifer’s dominion. The Blood of Jesus The murder of Jesus, foretold in the parable of the Vineyard and against which all the other beings in creation protested, should have educated humanity that Jesus did not come to take away the sins of anyone. The sun, the wind and the earth were angry. The sun withdrew its light and daylight darkened. The wind rushed, maybe in tornadoes, and the earth quaked. Unseen and angry hands shreddred the curtain in the temple which screened off the Ark of the Covenant from the congregants, implying divine anger. Doesn’t this show that God didn’t send His son to the earth to be killed for men’s sins as the parable of the Vineyard forwarned us? Therefore, the Blood of Jesus is a testimonial of the guilt of man before God. Was the first statement of Jesus on the cross not father forgive them for they do not know what they do? Could He not have put this statement differently if He came to die for our sins? Did He not tell Judas Isacriot it would have been better for him if he was not born and, having been born, if he had been drowned to prevent him from betraying his Lord? Against the disgust and protest of nature, the multitude reportedly said indeed He is the son of God. It was possible they would have risen against the Sanhedrin, the Pharisees and the Sadducees. But Lucifer gave them a breather…The blood of Jesus has washed their sins away! The multitudes being what they are, incapable of deep thinking, bought the idea. And so have the majority of Christians till this day. Why do we not ask: two thieves were crucified along with Christ. One made it to Paradise, the other did not. The blood of Jesus did not wash his sins away. We know Jesus ascended to the Father who, alone, is holy. Is it into holiness that Jesus took the sins? Stigmata and the stigmatists Stigmas of the bleeding wounds of Jesus in exact locations on the bodies of some men and women during Easter season should have challenged many of today’s Christian beliefs. Rather, the church says they are specially blessed and Christians troop to these suffering people to pray before them! These Christian Pilgrims ought to have wondered if farmers who sow maize ever harvest tomatoes. They should have remembered curses of: “Let His blood be upon us and upon ourchildren. They may ask: Jesus committed no sin but He was murdered. Mission Karma explains this event…possible experiences during a mission voluntarily undertaken by a person irrespective of inherent dangers. What did we expect in a dark, cruel world under Lucifer’s governance to be overturned by Jesus? Was it not for this that special preparations were made in the Height for His protection which humanity tore apart? The other Karma is retributive justice which may require more than one earth life to mature for harvesting. This leads us to the conception or the golden key of reincarnation. Earth lives The Yorubas know only from their Abikus that reincarnation is a reality. The Igbos know of it from their Ogbanjes. Many Christians do not know of the politics and power plays which led to the removal of the knowledge of reincarnation from the Bible. For this church history, we must revisit the episcopical Council of Constantinople in AD 553. Constantinople, now Islamic, was the first Christian headquarters worldwide. In AD 553, Emperor Nero summoned a meeting of Christian Bishops from the east and west. His aim was to get them to approve some “anathemas” or repudiation of beliefs for the church to uphold. Also, he wanted references to incarnation to be expunged. In part, this had to do with the intellectual war he had declared on the thoughts of Origen, one of the most respected early Christian fathers who preached reincarnation. We should remember that the books which make up the Bible were decided through hand voting and that several spiritually educating books were left out, depending on whims and caprices of the voters. So, the Christian of today cannot be said to be getting the full value of spiritual education from books voted for. Bishops from the East rejected Emperor Nero’s agenda and boycotted the conference. Pope Justinan, too, declined to sign and, thereby, authorise the final document. The Emperor placed the Pope under house arrest for two weeks and threatened to depose him thereafter if he did not endorse the declarations. The Pope caved in. But the Emperor did not succeed in obliterating knowledge of reincarnation from the Bible. Stephen Lampe in his The Christian And Reincarnation strives to help the Christian who wishes to help himself or herself to the knowledge and key through remnant, yet important, evidence of it in the Bible which survived Nero’s hatred for Origen. To the question, “Who do people say I am” that Jesus asked his disciples will see a conclusion by them that Elijah had returned to the earth as John The Baptist. This was because the disciples believed in reincarnation. But John The Baptist was not Elijah. For Elijah and Moses appeared with Jesus at His Transfiguration. These two men were not lying in their graves waiting for the trumpet of the last judgment to sound. They were always with Jesus unseen by the disciples until the Transfiguration. This should teach Christians that it is the physical Earth body which dies, and not man himself, who may return to this earth many times over until he has learned the lessons Earth life is meant to teach him. The statement that it is appointed unto man to die but once refers only to spiritual death after the judgment. Holy spear It is believed the spear Adolf Hitler stole from Austria was stolen from Germany by the Americans when the Allied Powers ran over Berlin in the conclusion of World War II in 1945. But this cannot be the Holy Spear simply because it drew blood and water from the body of Jesus. The blood of Jesus, like the rest of His body, derived from material or earthly dust. Even His body, being dust, cannot ascend to heaven. Jesus taught us He came to fulfill the Law of His Father and not to oppose It. By this Law dust belongs to the world of dust and cannot rise beyond it, the spirit belongs to the world of spirit and cannot rise beyond it to the world of Divinity. The Spear of Golgotha cannot be the Holy Spear. Only God is Holy. In the chaining of Lucifer for the 1000 years of peace on earth, when only God’s Will will reign as it is in heaven , the Holy Spear will play an important role. Lucifer is a mighty Archangel. Although he has fallen no angel can subdue him. He can be overpowered only by One from an Origin higher than His own in Divine world. That conqueror of Lucifer is not Jesus, the Love of God. That conqueror who will weild the Holy Spear will be sent out by The will of God , His Power the Holy Spirit, of whom Jesus once spoke….”And when He The Spirit of Truth is Come…”, He will reprieve the world of sin and proclaim the judgment. By Philip Pullella VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - Pope Francis prayed for an end to the persecution of Christians in his Easter Sunday address, commemorating the students massacred by Islamist militants at Garissa University in Kenya. Francis, after saying Mass for thousands of people in a rainy St. Peter's Square, delivered… In "Foreign" Lagos- The Director of Social Communications, Catholic Archdiocese of Lagos, Monsignor Gabriel Osu, has urged Christians to use the occasion of Palm Sunday to reconcile themselves with God and fellow human beings.   Osu said this on Sunday while delivering a sermon at Our Lady Star of the Sea Catholic… In "News" By Emmanuel Mogbede Abuja -   The All Progressives Congress (APC) has called on Nigerians, irrespective of religious affiliations, to emulate Jesus Christ’s virtues of understanding, tolerance and sacrifice, as Christians celebrate Easter. Malam Bolaji Abudullahi, the APC National Publicity Secretary made the call in a statement on Saturday in… In "News"