Apparently not impressed with the performance of the English Premier League club with the season just few weeks away to end, José Mourinho has been sacked as manager of Tottenham Hotspur by the Chairman, Daniel Levy.  Mourinho’s position has come under increasing scrutiny following a run of form that has seen Spurs win just once in their past six games, a period in which the club were dumped out of the Europa League by Dinamo Zagreb in humiliating fashion, fell behind in the race for Champions League qualification – they currently sit seventh – and generally performed poorly. The 58-year-old had also somewhat reverted to type by criticising his own players and picking fights with opposition managers. It was expected, however, that the Portuguese would at least get the chance to lead the side into Sunday’s Carabao Cup final against Manchester City, but that will not be the case. “The club can today announce that José Mourinho and his coaching staff João Sacramento, Nuno Santos, Carlos Lalin and Giovanni Cerra have been relieved of their duties,” read a statement released by Tottenham just before 11am on Monday morning. Mourinho was also sacked by Manchester United and Chelsea FC respectively before landing Hotspur’s job to replace erstwhile Manager, Mauricio Roberto Pochettino. London - Tottenham Hotspur are not pursuing Zlatan Ibrahimovic as a potential signing because the Premier League club have a top striker in Harry Kane, manager Jose Mourinho said on Monday. Ibrahimovic spent one-and-a-half seasons with Manchester United under Mourinho, where he scored 29 goals and helped the club win… In "Sports" LONDON - New Tottenham Hotspur manager Jose Mourinho, who described himself as happy and humble, has vowed to bring success to the struggling north London club and said they could even win the Premier League next season. Speaking ahead of Saturday’s Premier League clash against West Ham United, a smiling… In "Sports" London, Dec. 18, 2018 (Reuters/NAN) Tottenham Hotspur manager Mauricio Pochettino emerged on Tuesday as the hot favourite to succeed Jose Mourinho, who was sacked as coach of Manchester United earlier in the day. Pochettino has been seen as a long-term target for Manchester United because of his preference for attacking… In "Sports"