Gunmen have killed two policemen and abducted two Chinese engineers working on a site along Zakibiam-Katsina-Ala road in Benue state. The Benue Police Command confirmed the incident. Its Police Public Relation Officer (PPRO) Kate Anene, a DSP, said the gunmen also killed one expatriate during an exchange of gunfire with policemen attached to escort the Chinese from Zakibiam to the site. The Nation gathered the three expatriates were working with Symmetry Trading Company Limited in Sankera axis. The incident occurred around 7:30am on Wednesday. The statement reads: “On 7th April, 2021 at about 0730hrs a distress call was received from Police officers posted to escort expatriates from the above named company in Ukum Local Government Area that they came under an attack of gunmen who laid ambush at the site under construction before their arrival. “During an exchange of fire with the gunmen, two policemen and one of the expatriate lost their lives while two of the expatriates were kidnapped. “More police officers have been deployed to the area for trail of the hoodlums and rescue of the kidnap victims.” The Nation By Habibu Harisu Sokoto -   Sokoto state police command has confirmed the killing of three policemen and kidnapping of an expatriate, Abul Nasir, a Syrian national working with Triacta Construction Company in the state. Command’s Public Relations Officer, Cordelia Nwawe, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Wednesday… In "Metro" The Obowo Divisional Police Headquarters, located at Umulowe autonomous community area of Imo State was on Friday attacked by gunmen. Two policemen who were on duty were killed in the attack. The hoodlums also injured three other cops who resisted them from gaining access into the headquarters. The PUNCH reports… In "News" …Kaduna, Zamfara, Borno deadliest states…North-West deadliest zone AS flames of violence and other forms of lives guzzling insecurity flicker in many parts of the country, Nigeria has literally become a killing field. In the first six weeks of 2021, lives of no fewer than 1,525 persons have been wasted across… In "Top Stories"