Following the jailbreak at Owerri Custodial Centre in Imo state, the Nigerian Correctional Service has disclosed that six inmates have returned voluntarily.  On Monday, April 5, the correction facility in Owerri, Imo state was attacked by unknown gunmen. 35 inmates reportedly refused to escape while six inmates who escaped the facility voluntarily returned. In a statement made by the spokesman Francis Enobore, the acting Comptroller-General of the Nigerian Correctional Service (NCoS) John Mrabure, has ordered a comprehensive investigation into the incident. The statement reads; “The Owerri Custodial Centre in Imo State has been attacked by unknown gunmen and forcefully released a total of 1,844 inmates in custody. The attackers who stormed the facility at about 0215hrs on Monday 5th April 2021, gained entrance into the yard by using explosives to blast the administrative block. They were said to have arrived at the centre in their large number in several Hilux pick-up vans and Sienna buses armed with sophisticated weapons and immediately engaged the security personnel on duty in a fierce gun battle. They eventually detonated the explosive to gain entrance. The Acting Controller-General of Corrections, John Mrabure has ordered a comprehensive investigation into the incident and in collaboration with other security organizations, commenced a search and recovery operations to recapture the fleeing inmates. While appealing to the good citizens of Imo State and indeed Nigerians to volunteer useful intelligence that will facilitate the recovery effort, the Ag. Controller-General wishes to assure that the security of custodial centres in the country remains sacrosanct. He equally directed all officers attached to custodial facilities to remain vigilant at this trying moment in our history. As of the last count, 6 inmates have so far voluntarily returned to the facility while 35 inmates refused to escape from custody during the attack.”  Source •Acting Controller-General of Corrections, John Mrabure  The Nigerian Correctional Service (NCoS) on Monday afternoon gave the official account of how the Owerri Custodial Centre in Imo State was attacked by unknown gunmen and forcefully released a total of 1,844 inmates in custody. “The attackers who stormed the facility at about… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - After the attach by unknown gunmen on Police headquartets in the state, Imo State Governor, Hope Uzodinma and heads of security agencies are currently in an emergency security meeting at the Government House, Owerri. The meeting is coming few hours after unknown gunmen… In "Top Stories" The proscribed Indigenious People of Biafra (IPOB) has denied responsibility for Monday’s attacks on Imo Police Headquarters and Correctional Centre where over 2,000 inmates were freed. Its Media and Publicity Secretary Emma Powerful said the attacks were not carried out by operatives of Eastern Security Network (ESN). He said: “The… In "News"