By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Minister of Interior and former governor of Osun State Ogbeni Rauf Aregbesola has said that his ministry with all it’s agencies will collaborate with the members of the Presidential Think-Tank on Defence and Security so as to further strengthen the fight against crime and criminality in the country. He gave the assurance when he received the members of the Presidential Think-Tank led by its Chairman, Maj Gen Abdulmalik Jubril (rtd) on Tuesday in Abuja. According to the statement signed by the Director Press, Lere- Adams, A.B. released via twitter handle, Aregbesola said the Ministry and its agencies have recorded considerable success in line with the Ministry’s mandate of ensuring internal security, public safety and citizenship integrity of Nigerians. Aregbesola who described security as the basis for human life, reiterated the resolve of officers and men under his supervision to continue to take the issue of security and public safety very seriously, adding that the Ministry would continue to collaborate with relevant agencies and groups to see that all threats to internal security are surmounted. ‘Because of its importance, whoever is given any assignment on security at any level should not compromise – it should be taken seriously,’ he said. In his remarks, the Chairman, Presidential Think-Tank on Defence and Security, Maj. Gen. Abdulmalik Jubril (rtd), said the committee which was set up by President Muhammadu Buhari in August, 2018 was in the Ministry to seek partnership so as to further boost the numerous achievements recorded in the fight against crimes and criminality in the country. He added that the dynamic nature of security challenges in Nigeria led to the setting up of the Presidential Think-Tank to serve as an advisory body to the Minister of Defence and other relevant Ministries, Departments and Agencies (MDAs) of government, in an effort to deal with all threats to the varied security challenges in Nigeria. By Adekunle Williams Lagos - A former lawmaker, Mr Olusegun Olulade, has lauded Mr Rauf Aregbesola, Minister of Internal Affairs, for collaborating with the Ministries, Departments and Agencies (MDAs) to improve the internal security in Nigeria. Olulade, a former member of the Lagos State House of Assembly, gave the commendation… In "News" By Doris Esa Abuja - The Federal Government has called on the management staff of the Ministry of Interior and its Paramilitary Agencies to ensure the promotion of Citizenship Integrity in line with the mandate of the Ministry. Mr Mohammed Manga, Director Press and Public Relations of the ministry of… In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Minister of Interior, Ogbeni Rauf Aregbesola and the Osun State Governor, Alhaji Gbioyega Oyetola in line with presidential directives,met with a section of the Muslim community in the state, urging them to support the President Muhammadu Buhari administration in its quest to stem youth unrest and… In "Politics"