ABUJA (Sundiata Post) –   The organisers of the National Sports Festival have threatened to end the event abruptly over the failure of the Federal Government to release funds. They took the decision at the end of a meeting of the Local Organising Committee of the Sports Festival. According to the Coordinator of Media and Publicity, National Sports Festival, Ebomhiana Musa, the Federal Government has failed to fulfil its promise to make funds available for the festival. “The Local Organising Committee, Edo2020 regrets to announce that it will end the games abruptly tomorrow, Thursday, April 8, 2021, for lack of funds,” the statement read. “Rising from an emergency meeting this evening, the LOC says it has to take this hard decision due to lack of funds having expended its reserves to kick start the games. “Regrettably, the FG is yet to redeem its pledge to support us as the host state financially for the cost of postponements. So, we are left with no option but to end the games at noon tomorrow.” The NSF was officially declared open on Tuesday and some events had been decided as of Wednesday night. The event, which ought to have held last year, was postponed owing to the coronavirus pandemic. The Minister of Sports, Bolaji Abdullahi, said on Thursday that the National Sports Festival (NSF) would henceforth be open to every Nigerian athlete, irrespective of his or her base. Abdullahi said this at the inauguration of a 24-man Main Organising Committee (MOC) for the 19th National Sports Festival (NSF) to… In "Sports" By Afusat Agunbiade-OladipoIlorin. - The Kwara Government has pledged to ensure the success of the upcoming 7th Kwara Sports Festival. The state’s Deputy Governor, Mr Kayode Alabi, made the promise on Tuesday in Ilorin during a meeting with the Main Organising Committee (MOC), led by its Vice Chairman, Alhaji Hameed… In "News" By Abiodun Azi Lagos - Mr Adelusi Ojo, coach Nigeria Wushu Kung-Fu Federation (NWKF), has said that Wushu Kung-fu would be among the participating sports at the 2020 National Sports Festival (NSF). Ojo told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos on Friday that the Extra-Ordinary meeting of the… In "Sports"