Angry youths in Bauchi state have attacked a member of the All Progressives Congress representing Alkaleri-Kirfi Federal Constituency in Bauchi State, Musa Pali, accusing him of deceiving them.  The incident happened over the weekend. The youths also accused him of fake promises and non-performance after they voted him into office. SaharaReporters reports that Pali was in his constituency for a social function when he came under attack by the youths who accused him of making false promises for many years. It however took the timely intervention of security operatives who whisked Pali away after sustaining minor bruises, to save his life. “He was attacked at the weekend at Pali. It took the timely intervention of security operatives who whisked him away after sustaining minor bruises to rescue him. They said they attacked him because of his fake promises for many years” a resident said Another source told the publication; “No single borehole, school or any structure put in place by Pali. We regret voting him into office. We’ll do everything possible to ensure he is not re-elected in the forthcoming election.”  Source BAUCHI (Sundiata Post) - President Goodluck Jonathan's bid to seek the support of Bauchi State people ahead of the  February 14 Presidential election turned bloody on Thursday. Six operatives of the Department of State Security, DSS, were hospitalised after sustaining varying degrees of injuries from the fracas that ensued after… In "News" A comedian identified as Franklin Ozuruigbo has accused Amara Iwuanyanwu, the deputy speaker of the Imo state House of Assembly, of ordering his boys to beat him to a pulp and arresting him for criticizing him on Facebook. Addressing journalists in Owerri the Imo State capital on Monday, Ozuruigbo who… In "News" Enugu - Chief Onu Nweze, the All Progressives Congress (APC) candidate for Ebonyi South Senatorial Zone, has accused Gov. Dave Umahi of stifling the opposition in the state. Nweze made the accusation in Enugu and alleged that some thugs suspected to be hirelings of Gov. Umahi assaulted him and caused… In "Politics"