Team Edo has emerged the overall winners of the Rugby event in the ongoing 20th edition of the National Sports Festival (NSF) tagged Edo 2020.  The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that both male and female teams of the host state won the two gold medals. NAN reports that the male team defeated Kano, Plateau and Delta states to clinch the gold. They scored a total of 14 points to beat Kano state that had nine points while Delta placed third to win the bronze medal with four points. Similarly, the female team scored 11 points to win the gold medal, Ogun won the silver medal with eight points while Delta scored seven points to win the bronze. (NAN) The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that both male and female teams of the host state won the two gold medals. NAN reports that the male team defeated Kano, Plateau and Delta states to clinch the gold. They scored a total of 14 points to beat Kano state that had nine points while Delta placed third to win the bronze medal with four points. Similarly, the female team scored 11 points to win the gold medal, Ogun won the silver medal with eight points while Delta scored seven points to win the bronze.   (NAN) The Minister of Sports, Sunday Dare, yesterday, declared the 20th National Sports Festival, Edo 2020, open with a message to Nigerian youths to be good ambassadors of the country. He advised them to embrace peace and use their skill to enhance the quality of life. Dare, who represented President Muhammadu… In "Sports" By Moses Omorogieva Lagos - Team Lagos on Wednesday defeated Ogun Under 15 male and female rugby teams at the South West eliminations of the upcoming National Sports Festival. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Ogun team will now meet Osun team to decide who amongst them will… In "Sports" By Omuboye Sukubo   Port Harcourt      -        Team Delta has emerged as the overall champion of the first Rivers National Karate Championship in Port Harcourt with nine gold, four silver and seven bronze medals. Team Edo and Team FCT emerged second and third respectively ahead… In "Sports"