The Movement for the Actualisation of the Sovereign State of Biafra on Thursday rejected the United Kingdom’s offer of asylum for its members.  It described the offer as an arrangement with the President, Major General Muhamadu Buhari (retd.), and the Federal Government to divert the attention of the people of Biafra.  A statement by MASSOB leader, Uchenna Madu, made available to journalists in Enugu, said the asylum offer was part of plans by the Buhari regime hatched with the British government against the emergence of Biafra. The statement read in part, “The government of Britain is the sole architecture of the political, economic and religious problems of the people of Biafra in Nigeria even till today. “It has not shown any remorse or apologise to the people of Biafra. “Britain killed, maimed mesmerised and wounded our fathers, mothers and brethren through the Hausa Fulanis. MASSOB rejects their asylum gift. “How can the chief persecutor of the people of Biafra suddenly turn to be our pacesetter? Britain and Nigeria can no longer deceive the world again concerning the plights of the people of Biafra. “Our unified resilience, resolutions and unshakable spirit of no surrender will continue to hunt down this geographical expression called Nigeria. “MASSOB demands referendum on Biafra not asylum.”   Source The Federal Government on Tuesday expressed anger over a plan by the United Kingdom to offer asylum to “persecuted” members of the Indigenous People of Biafra and the Movement for the Actualisation of the Sovereign State of Biafra. The Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, in an interview… In "News" The United Kingdom has said that all asylum and human rights claims from Nigerian nationals are considered on their individual merits in accordance with its international obligations. The British government states that it has a proud history of providing protection to those who need it, in accordance with its international… In "News" Abuja  - The Buhari Media Support Group (BMSG), has commended Igbo leaders and Governors of the south-east states for seeking dialogue between the Movement for the Actualisation of the Sovereign State of Biafra (MASSOB) and the Federal Government. This is contained in a statement jointly released in Abuja on Tuesday… In "News"