By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Vice Presidential Candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party in the 2019 general election and former governor of Anambra State, Dr Peter Obi has condemned the reported attack on Prof Charles Soludo where three of his security aides were allegedly shot dead. The former governor who made the condemnation while reacting to the attack on the former CBN Governor, warned that political violence should have no place in the democratic process in Anambra State, stressing that the ballot and not the bullet should determine the outcome of elections. He called on security agents to step up as well as fish out the culprits with the view to prosecuting them to serve as deterrents to copycats. Recall that gunmen attacked Prof. Charles Soludo, who has indicated interest in the November 6 governorship election in Anambra State. It was gathered that he was attacked in Isuofia, where he hails from in Aguata Local Government Area of Anambra. Three policemen among the security aides attached to Soludo were shot dead in the attack. Witnesses said that the gunmen disrupted an interactive session between some youths and Soludo at a civic centre in the town. The National Secretary of All Soludo Support Groups and the Convener of Youths Earnestly Seek Soludo (YEES), Dr. Nelson Obinna Omenugha, said the state Commissioner for Public Utilities, Engineer Emeka Ezenwanne, was abducted by the gunmen. DSP Ikenga Tochukwu, Police Public Relations Officer in the State, confirmed the attack but did not go into details. This is the latest in the campaign of violence on security agents in the Southern part of the country. Earlier in March, gunmen invaded a bus conveying some suspects to court in Anambra and killed a prison warder and other person. The tragic incident happened in Aguata LGA. On Sunday, Frank Mba, Force Public Relations Officer, announced that some members of the Independent People of Biafra (IPOB) and Eastern Security Network (ESN) were arrested over the murder of security operatives. No group has claimed responsibility for the attack on Soludo. As the 2021 governorship election in Anambra State inch closer, political parties are beginning to consult and dig deep to bring out the best in their pack. While Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has given the latitude to all zones to showcase their big masquerade, the reigning All Progressive Grand Alliance… In "Politics" By Chris Oji, Enugu Abuja (Sundiata Post) - A PAN-IGBO group, the Coalition for Equity and Justice in Nigeria (COEJIN), has named Southeast and South-south politicians and technocrats who can succeed President Muhammadu Buhari. It said the first set of Igbo on its list should be considered as presidential candidates… In "Politics" A chieftain of the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA), Chief Jude Emecheta, has said Prof. Chukwuma Soludo is the most qualified candidate to succeed Governor Willie Obiano after the November 6 governorship election in Anambra State. Emecheta, who is chairman of Anambra Demands Soludo (ADS), a political group, made the… In "Politics"