No fewer than five people were reportedly killed following a land dispute between two communities in Fika Local Government Area of Yobe State.  About six people are reported to have sustained injuries and are receiving treatment at the Fika General Hospital. The communal clash was between Biyo and Kadi Communities of the local government area. Details of how the incident started is still not clear but Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) Yobe Police Command Damaturu, the state capital Dungus Abdulkarim, an Assistant Superintendent of Police (ASP) who confirmed the incident said the police are trailing the suspects. ASP Abdulkarim expressed hope that the police will soon arrest the perpetrators who he said ran away after causing the mayhem. The Chairperson of Fika Local Government Area, Halima Kyari Joda could not be reached immediately by our correspondent as for comment on the matter as her mobile phone was switched off. It was gathered that the dispute had lingered on for more than one year despite several efforts towards resolving the cause of the dispute.  Source Six people have been confirmed dead in a car bomb explosion in Maiduwa village of Fika Local Government Area of Yobe State, north east Nigeria. [pro_ad_display_adzone id="8"] An officer of the National Union of Road Transport Workers (NURTW) in Maiduwa Town, who pleaded anonymity told Channels Television that the bomber… In "News" Gunmen suspected to be Boko Haram insurgents on Thursday attacked Geidam town in Yobe State. They shot sporadically, causing pandemonium. Sources said the terrorists targeted shops, looting goods before setting the shops ablaze. A resident, Modu Ali, told The Nation that the insurgents also torched the house of a former… In "News" Damaturu- No fewer than seven people were killed and 26 others injured on Saturday when a female suicide bomber detonated an Improvised Explosive Device at the entrance of the Damaturu Central Motor Park in Yobe. Dr Garba Fika, Medical Director, Sani Abacha General Hospital, Damaturu gave the figure while briefing… In "News"