By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Group under the auspices of The New Nigeria Group has urged President Muhammadu Buhari to address all issues of injustice (real or perceived) as immediate solution to the bludgeoning insecurity problems across the country and to convoke a National Consultative Assembly of all ethnic nationalities to discuss how to calm the nation. The Convener of the group, Mazi Sam Ohuabunwa made the call on Thursday while profeering solution to the reoccurring news of kidnappings, killings and attacks on innocent citizens, security personnel and setting ablaze of Police stations being witnessed across the country. Ohuabunwa noted that while it will take some time to fully deal with unemployment and poverty by having and implementing a new and aggressive economic order, we can immediately remove all the injustice, inequity and unfairness in our polity. This to me will be a quick fix to it. He said that full militarization of our country amounts to treating the festering symptoms and will not solve the insecurity problem in a sustainable manner as we are getting overwhelmed by the rise of non-state militant actors. According to the Convener, “These worsening security crises call for the attention of all good people in the Country. We cannot continue to watch helplessly or pour more fuel into the fire as our Nation gets ripped apart. Our Country has never been this divided since the Nigerian Civil War. Our ordinarily fragile economy is suffering seriously as a result of the fear in the land and the uncertainty that reigns. We cannot grow the economy, create more jobs and wealth without investment, especially Foreign.” Mazi Ohuabunwa called on the government to listen to the demands of the people and quickly respond to their needs and worries, adding that it will be cheaper than buying more arms to kill ourselves.  He bemoaned how money that should be used to build sorely needed economic & social infrastructure is being wasted on buying arms and other military equipment to kill mostly fellow Nigerians. Ohuabunwa who further stated that no normal foreign investor can bring money into a country that cannot guarantee safety of lives and property, however commended President Muhammadu Buhari for demonstrating  admirable candor recently by admitting that the best effort of government on security has proven not to be good enough. He therefore called for concerted effort to save our country from destruction.  The Northern Patriots, a northern political group, has identified regional injustice and imbalance in major federal appointments, particularly in the security sector, as some of the drivers of insecurity in the country. The group added that the clamour for cessation, restructuring and other issues fueling disunity in the country have… In "News" Uche Secondus, the National chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has lamented about the insecurity across the nation. Secondus in his speech at the party’s 90th national executive committee (NEC) meeting in Abuja on Thursday November 19, said the country's current challenges is due to the “poor governance” of… In "Politics" Following the shoot-on-sight order given by President Muhammadu Buhari and some governors, a former Vice-President of the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA) Monday Onyekachi Ubani, examines the order within the context of the laws to see if it amounts to approval for extra-judicial killing. No one can safely say when Nigeria’s… In "News"