Police in Ogun State have rescued three victims of a kidnap syndicate abducted along Siun/Ajura road in Ogere Remo. It however said search for two Chinese abducted from their Poultry and Fishery farm in Oba community by gunmen on Wednesday continues. The Police Command identified the rescued victims as Jibril Afolabi, Alhaji Amusat Taofeek and Balikis Mohammed (female). The Command’s Public Relations Officer, Abimbola Oyeyemi, said the three were coming from Ilorin, Kwara and heading to Owode Egbado when their vehicle was double- crossed at about 3 am by gunmen who herded them into the bush while other passengers escaped. He explained Commissioner of police, Edward Ajogun directed the Area Commander for Sagamu to mobilise men from all the divisions within the area and go after the kidnappers. He equally mobilised the command’s anti -kidnapping unit as well as SWAT, who cordoned off the entire bush and combed it thoroughly with the assistance of hunters, local vigilantes and men of So Safe Corps, forcing the criminals to abandon the victims and flee. The victims were rescued safely without ransom paid and have been escorted to their destination in Owode Egbado. The Nation The Chairman of Universal Basic Education Commission (UBEC) Muhammad Abubakar and his daughter have been abducted by gunmen suspected to be kidnappers along the Kaduna-Abuja highway. Confirming the incident in a statement, spokesman for the the Kaduna state police command, DSP Yakubu Sabo, says the gunmen who were dressed in… In "Top Stories" Ogun State Police Command on Friday disclosed that it has geographically located the forest where five members of the Redeemed Christian Church of God(RCCG) abducted at the J3, Ogbere – Ijebu – Ode(Ogun State) stretch of the Lagos – Ore expressway, were kept by the abductors. SEE 5 RCCG Pastors… In "Top Stories" The Nasarawa State Commissioner of Police, Bola Longe Tuesday said three of the abducted Federal Road Safety (FRSC) officials who were kidnapped on Monday in Nasarawa State have been rescued by security personnel. Longe said in Lafia that the rescue efforts were carried out in collaboration with the military. Intensified… In "News"