Living up to its fame as a game-changer, Smile Nigeria has again introduced three innovative products that are bound to delight customers. The latest products developed are the trio of 15GB, 35GB, and 70GB, all of which have 365 days of validity. The 15GB comes at an attractive price of N9,000; 35GB is on sale for N19,000, while 70GB is only N32,000. The uniqueness of these latest data plan additions to the 365 product range by Smile is in its long-lasting (full-year) validity period. The validity period for most data plans in Nigeria ranges from one month to three months. At best, it may extend to six months, underscores the novelty of the range of new offerings. To many market watchers, it is refreshing to have products with a whopping 365 days validity period. This extended validity period is a breath of fresh air that continues to thrill customers, according to Idowu Odusanya, an Ikeja-based lawyer and telecommunications enthusiast, and it is gradually becoming a standard feature of products from the stable of Smile Nigeria. Ogochukwu Okonkwo, an Ikeja-based telecommunications merchant, was similarly inclined. Invariably, this addition of three new plans to the 365 days validity period family is partly to cater to lower-end data users. They desire to enjoy the seamless services from the number one Unlimited data plan provider in the country.  The three new data plans will, among other things, compliment the earlier product offerings from Smile with 365 days validity period. Notably amongst these are the 125GB plan priced at N50,000; 200GB for only N70,000; 500GB priced at N100,000 and 1,000GB (1TB) that goes for N120,000. All these offerings are viewed as market leaders. Famous as the first 4G LTE network in West Africa, Smile Nigeria was the first to launch VoLTE on its network and continued its innovation, having introduced SmileVoice. SmileVoice is a free mobile app that enables customers with any Android or Apple iPhone device (including those which are not VoLTE-enabled) to make SuperClear voice calls over Smile’s 4G LTE network. Smile was also the first to introduce an unlimited offering, enabling SuperFast data and SuperClear voice, all in one bundle. LAGOS (SundiataPost) - Smile has announced some significant changes to its data plans as a measure to cushion the negative effect of the COVID-19 pandemic on its customers and the nation’s economy.  On offer, is a range of data plans with tenor that range from Daily, Weekly, Monthly and even… In "Technology" Leading Broadband Company, Smile Nigeria, has literally set the nation’s broadband market on fire with their new range of amazing data plans which give consumers much more value for their money. With the introduction of the new range of data plans, a new buzz has been created with the quartet… In "Technology" A couple of telcos are claiming to offer unlimited data plans and subscribers are giving them kudos. Often, the claim is a focus of intense campaign blitz targeted at winning customer loyalty. The question to ask is - are these telcos really offering unlimited data plans? If they are, what… In "News"