It was the first time for more than 10 years that Catholic fateful in Yobe State are marking good Friday with the display of Passion play on the streets of Damaturu. What used to be an event of fanfare on the major streets of the town by Catholic Christians ceased to happen in Damaturu for more than 10 years after the coming of the Boko Haram insurgency in the state. Since the coming of the Boko Haram crisis, the event was only confined within the premises of the church with low keyed celebration but the 2021 event held yesterday was greeted with excitement and passion. It attracted a huge crowd on the streets within the Jerusalem area of the town. The event, which was organised by the St. Mary’s Catholic Church, Damaturu, started from the St. Mary’s Primary School and went behind the Living Faith Church, through the major street linking Jerusalem settlement and the Commissioners’ quarters back to St. Mary’s Catholic Church with the worshipers observing the Stations of the Cross. The Passion Display in the Catholic tradition tries to give a vivid or a replay of the account of the journey of Jesus from his ministry, persecution, culminating to his death which the believers believe has brought salvation unto the entire world. The Parish Priest of St. Mary’s Catholic Church, Damaturu, Rev. Fr. Philibus Inda Yakubu, expressed happiness over the successful conduct of the event, which, according to him, was “possible because of the peace that we have in the state.” The Parish Priest said “We are facing a lot of challenges in our country and only God in heaven can save us from these myriad of security challenges that we are facing.” Some of the parishioners were also excited over the outcome of the event being conducted in a very peaceful atmosphere. ”Our praises go to God Almighty for making this event peaceful and successful. Before now, security agents will not even allow you to hold this kind of event in the way and manner we have done today. But because we have peace now, we have done it in Jesus name”, Mr. Micheal Okoh, a parishioner said. The Nation Oro (Ilorin) -  The Federal Government on Thursday reassured Nigerians that it was doing its best to ensure safe release of Leah Sharibu, the only one of the kidnapped Dapchi school girls who remained in captivity. The Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed gave the reassurance at the… In "News" By Hamza Mohamed Suspected revenge attacks on churches in Garissa near the Somali border have kept fearful Christians at home. Garissa, Kenya - Eliud Mue is a man carrying a heavy burden for his short frame. Mue was tasked with a job many refused to take on: He is the pastor… In "News" •Boko Haram Pattern Of Killings By The Jihadist Groups: While 100% of victims of Jihadist herdsmen killings are Christians, it is symmetrically 60%/40% or 50%/50% for Christians and Muslims killed in recent times by jihadist Boko Haram/ISWAP. This is unlike in 2009 to 2017 when it was 80% Christian victims… In "Top Stories"