Multi-talented singer, Peter Okoye, who is now better now as Mr. P, has stated he enjoys better dividends since he broke free from the defunct P Square crew.  The singer, in a live session with fans sometime in March, blasted them for constant comparison with his twin brother, Paul Okoye, also known as Rude boy, with whom he operated the PSquare group. The singer, who recently released a 16-track album titled: “The prodigal’, in a chat with HipTV, said he is better off operating alone. Read Also: Fans responsible for our break-up, says Mr PThe father of two said he no longer has to split his earnings three ways and can cancel shows whenever he wants, something he could not do when he was still a member of the group. He said: “Hundred percent, I am. I don’t have to share three ways. Call it greed or selfishness. It’s your own cup of tea. I share with nobody. Yes, my management and my team. Fine. But I’m doing my own thing. I’m freer. “I’m making more money. Freedom is key. I can get a call that there’s a show next week and it’s my daughter’s birthday. I can say, ‘cancel it’. As a group, I couldn’t do that. Moneywise, if I used to share three ways, I share alone. “What am I doing music for? It’s about doing it how I feel it. It’s not even about the money. But when it comes to that, I make more than I was while in the group,”  Source Peter Okoye, the Nigerian music star and former member of the defunct group, Psquare, who is also known as Mr P has disclosed that his decision to become a solo artist is the best thing that has happened to him.Okoye took to his Twitter page on Wednesday and tweeted about… In "Entertainment" Nigerian singer, Peter Okoye of the defunct music group – P-Square, has addressed concerning fans asking that he and his twin brother, Paul reunites. The 39-year-old in a lengthy Instagram post said that it is not about what the fans want but what he and his brothers want. According to… In "Entertainment" Peter Okoye of the defunct P-Square fame is angry over ill wishes from perceived enemies over the last few months. Okoye, who is widely referred to as Mr P, registered his anger because he alleged that a lot of people are wishing him ill especially when he contracted the covid… In "News"