Moses Simon, a 25-year-old footballer who plays for Nantes of France and Super Eagles of Nigeria, has helped the people in his hometown of Benue.  The footballer came to the rescue of his hometown community funding the construction of a drainage system and a main road in Obagaji Agatu community in Benue State. This is the second development Moses has carried out in Benue after he drilled boreholes to provide portable water last September which made the community leaders name a street after him in Obagaji Agatu. Moses Simon has also embarked on some projects in Southern Kaduna, where he grew up. Moses who has contributed five goals and an assist in 27 Ligue 1 matches this season, complained about the government’s negligence for not providing basic amenities to the people. “It’s important to step in where the politicians have decided not to help,” Simon told BBC Sport Africa. “Imagine in 2021 we are talking of people without potable water and desperately praying for protection ahead of the rains and floods. “These people deserve more from the government because they put all their trust in them only to be disappointed. “As sports people we can all do more to make our people happy, some are already doing and very supportive of their community but we can’t stop.”  Source Fear has gripped residents of Agatu Local Government Area of Benue State after suspected herdsmen on Monday killed two young men in a renewed attack on the community.. According to Punch, an uncle to one of the deceased, Oyaje Sule said his nephew identified as Oche Alaade and friend were… In "News" Benue State has it that three persons have been feared killed in internal crisis that broke out at Ogbai community in Agatu Local Government Area of the state Monday morning. Among the victims, our reporter learnt was one Mr. Aboje Otene, otherwise known as Philosopher, a youth leader in Agatu… In "Top Stories" Spartak Moscow and ex-Super Eagles midfielder, Victor Moses has shared a photo after welcoming a baby with his partner. The new dad shared the good news on Wednesday, March 16th, via his official Instagram page. He shares a photo of the baby’s feet and captioned it with a love emoji.… In "Entertainment"