The proscribed Indigenious People of Biafra (IPOB) has denied responsibility for Monday’s attacks on Imo Police Headquarters and Correctional Centre where over 2,000 inmates were freed.  Its Media and Publicity Secretary Emma Powerful said the attacks were not carried out by operatives of Eastern Security Network (ESN). He said: “The attention of IPOB has been drawn again to the fallacious and fabricated news that IPOB and ESN are involved in the attack of prison and police headquarters in Owerri Imo State. “IPOB and ESN are known groups not unknown gunmen. ESN is in the bush chasing Fulani terrorists, why linking IPOB and ESN to this attack. IPOB and ESN were not involved in the attack in Owerri Imo State. and the recent attack on Onitsha Owerri road at Ukwuorji junction. It is not our mandate to attack security personnel or prison facilities. “The Nigeria Government and her compromised media outfits should stop linking IPOB and ESN to the multiple attacks going on in Nigeria now. IPOB was formed on principle of peace and we are still in it. Unknown gunmen is a different people which we don’t know them and they not IPOB or ESN security outfit.” Meanwhile, soldiers have taken over the Okigwe roundabout and road leading to the Correctional Centre diverting traffic flow.  Source THE Indigenous People of Biafra said on Monday that there was enough money to fund its security arm known as the Eastern Security Network. The group’s Media and Publicity Secretary, Emma Powerful, stated this in a press statement, adding that ESN was funded by IPOB members resident in 120 countries.… In "News" The proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has described as shameful claims by the Imo State governor, Hope Uzodinma that it hijacked Eastern Security Network (ESN) from the Southeast governors. The group said the governor resorted to what it termed as cheap blackmail following his attempt to infiltrate and possibly… In "News" •Nnamdi Kanu, IPOB leader The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has absolved itself and the Eastern Security Network (ESN) of killing six children in Anambra State. The group described the news making the rounds linking it with the purported killing as ridiculous. In a statement made available to journalists in… In "News"