Chinese customs officers have made the world’s biggest seizure of human organs in history this morning, a total of 7,221 penises of African origin hidden in a refrigerated freight container, according to World Daily News Report.Acting on information from an anonymous informer, Chinese officers found the organs in 36 boxes labelled as plantains (cooking bananas) inside a refrigerated container on a ship harboured in the Shanghai Port. Chinese General Administration of Customs spokesman, Li Wu, says an increasingly large number of armed groups in Africa use organ trafficking to finance themselves, making such seizures predictable. “These organs are common commodities now, but they were certainly harvested in unsanitary conditions or contaminated at some point, so we can’t let them out on the Chinese market.”Mr. Li says the organs were shipped from Lagos in Nigeria but may have only transited through that country and could possibly originate from elsewhere in Africa. “We know that penises from Lybia and Sudan fetch a higher price than those from other African war zones, but can’t presume of their origin before the end of the investigation,” he said. The Chinese General Administration of Customs says similar seizures may become more common over the next few years as armed groups in Africa turn to organ trafficking to finance their military operations. Human penises were seized in nine cases since 2002, but today’s find represents more than four times the amount seized by customs officers over the past 18 years. Describing the organ’s value as high as illegal drugs, he said that “specimens of this size” usually fetched around $160,000 each on the black market,  and its total value was more than $1.15 billion. The ship’s crew, four Nigerians, two Malians and two Cameronese are being detained for interrogation, but no charges have yet been filed against them. (Worldnewsdailyreport) Mother of a boy who was born with three penises in Hemingford Grey Village in England had declined offers from doctors who wanted to remove the extra penises. Gwendoline 38 gave birth to an unusual boy in her farmhouse in May 2019, the boy had three penises. Her family has… In "Metro" Lagos - The Comptroller-General of the Nigeria Customs Service (NCS), Retired Col. Hameed Ali, said on Friday that the Apapa Customs Command had intercepted 16 containers of tyres with a Duty Paid Value (DPV) of N116.2 million. Ali made the disclosure at a news conference at the Apapa Customs Command… In "News" By Siaka Momoh   The Chinese businessmen behind the massive illegal importation of textiles into Kano are to be deported from Nigeria. The fate of the businessmen was announced after a joint inspection visit to Kano by the Comptroller-General of Customs, Dikko Inde Abdullahi and the Comptroller – General of… In "Business"