Some stakeholders in the Northwest have cautioned Zamfara State Governor Bello Muhammad Matawalle against treating bandits with kid gloves. They urged the governor to stop romancing, in the name of dialogue and amnesty, the bandits who kill and maim innocent citizens. According to the stakeholders, the bandits terrorising Northwest states have found a safe haven in Zamfara from where they launch attacks on other states. Addressing reporters shortly after an emergency meeting of the stakeholders in Kaduna yesterday, the Convener of the meeting, Malam Suleiman Usman Yusuf, said rather than being given a blanket amnesty, the bandits should be prosecuted. Yusuf said: “The stakeholders raised concerns over Governor Matawalle’s peace deal with armed and criminal bandits despite the heinous crimes of murder, rape, plunder, kidnapping and robbery committed over the last few years by bandits.” “The stakeholders further expressed concern that under Governor Matawalle’s peace deal, bandits have found a safe haven in Zamfara State from where they plan attacks on other states. “They observed gaps in the peace deal and demanded that the governor should make a public and comprehensive report on the legal and administrative process, terms and conditions, list of beneficiaries, and the financial implication of the peace peal per person.” The stakeholders also demanded justice for the victims, and condemned the blanket amnesty being enjoyed by criminals who should be investigated and prosecuted. They urged the state government to work closely with law enforcement, security and intelligence agencies to ensure that President Muhammadu Buhari’s decisions are fully implemented towards the success of the internal security operations against banditry. The Nation By Ishaq Zaki Gusau - Speaker of the House of Representatives., Mr Femi Gbajabiamila, has donated two trucks of rice to Internally Displaced Persons and orphans in Zamfara. The donation was announced by the state governor, Alhaji Bello Matawalle on Sunday during the Speaker’s visit to the state. The News… In "News" The Zamfara State Governor, Bello Matawalle, on Tuesday insisted that he would reveal the identities of people behind the abduction of over 300 students of Government Girls’ Secondary School, Jangebe in the Talata Mafara Local Government Area of the state. The governor, who stated this in an interview with one… In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - No fewer than 2,619 people have been killed in various attacks by bandits in Zamfara, authorities in the state have said. The Commissioner of Information in Zamfara, Ibrahim Dosara, noted that the deaths were recorded in the state between 2011 and 2019. Addressing a press conference… In "Top Stories"