Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  Nigerian government has banned the activities of Fintech companies such as Bamboo and Trove, even as they have declared their platforms that provide real-time access to invest in or trade over 3,500 stocks listed on the American and Nigerian exchanges, as illegal. This position was made known in a circular released by the Security and Exchange Commission (SEC) to Capital Market Operators issued on Thursday. The circular said its attention had been drawn to the existence of several providers of online investment and trading platforms which purportedly facilitate direct access of the investing public in the Federal Republic of Nigeria to securities of foreign companies listed on securities exchanges registered in other jurisdictions. The circular “Proliferation of Unregistered Online Investment and Trading Platforms facilitating access to trading in Securities listed in Foreign Markets”, urged these platforms to desist from enabling Nigerians access securities listed by foreign companies in other countries. The statement said, “The attention of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) has been drawn to the existence of several providers of online investment and trading platforms which purportedly facilitate direct access of the investing public in the Federal Republic of Nigeria to securities of foreign Companies listed on Securities Exchanges registered in other jurisdictions. These platforms also claim to be operating in partnership with Capital Market operators (CMOS) registered with the Commission “The Commission categorically states that by the provisions of Sections 67-70 of the Investments and Securities Act (ISA), 2007 and Rules 414 & 415 of the SEC Rules and Regulations, only foreign securities listed on any Exchange registered in Nigeria may be issued, sold or offered for sale or subscription to the Nigerian public. Accordingly, CMOs who work in concert with the referenced online platforms are hereby notified of the Commission’s position and advised to desist henceforth. “The Commission enjoins the investing public to seek clarification as may be required via its established channels of communication on investment products advertised through conventional or online mediums.” This announcement follows the trend of Nigerians who are currently investing in the U.S. stock market and hedging against the currently weakening naira. Fintech platforms such as Bamboo and Trove give Nigerians real-time access to invest in or trade over 3,500 stocks listed on the American and Nigerian exchanges right from their smartphones or personal computers. LAGOS - Investment One Stockbrokers International Ltd on Friday in Lagos launched an online trading platform, tagged ``EasyTrade’’ to enhance investors participation on the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE). The company’s Managing Director, Mrs Chidiogo Ezejiofor, said at the product’s launch that the platform would enable investors to buy and sell… In "Business" LAGOS - The Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) has described the contributions of its 13 trading floors across the country to the overall trading value and volume as dismal. Mr Oscar Onyema, NSE Chief Executive Officer, made the submission at a recent overview of the [pro_ad_display_adzone id="8"] market in 2014 and… In "Business" Lagos - Capital market operators have expressed optimism that the listing of the UBA Plc N30.50 billion bond on the FMDQ OTC and the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) would boost market liquidity. FMDQ OTC is Financial Market Dealers Quotations Over the Counter, another trading platform on the nation’s capital market.… In "Business"