An eight-month-old pregnant internally displaced person in Effium community, Ohaukwu Local Government Area of Ebonyi State, Mrs. Mgbeke Oti, has been abducted by unknown persons in the community. The people of Effium and Ezza Effium has been at war since February this year with many killed and properties burnt to ashes. The state government had to request for deployment of more troops and mobile Policemen to the community following persistent killings and destruction of properties. The government also imposed dusk to dawn curfew in the area. Since the action of the government, there has been calm in the community. But the mother of four was allegedly abducted by suspected warlords when she accompanied her friends from an IDP camp to harvest cassava in Ebeta village. The woman, who hails from Arochukwu Local Government Area of Abia State, was living in Effium with her family before they were displaced by the crisis that erupted in the area. Her brother, Lawrence Okoroafor, told New Telegraph that while on the farm, the women were accosted by three men who after interrogating her dragged the pregnant woman away. Police spokesperson in the state, Loveth Oda, confirmed the incident. (New Telegraph) Over 55 suspects arrested in connection with the intra-communal war between Ezza-Effium and Effium clans in Ohaukwu Local Government Area of Ebonyi State have escaped from custody, sources said on Saturday. Sources said that only 11 of them out of the total number of 66 were rearrested. Yet, another source… In "Metro" Ebonyi Police Commissioner Aliyu Garba on Sunday arrested Chairman of Ohaukwu Local government area, Clement Odah and lawmaker representing Ohaukwu North state Constituency, Chinedu Awọ over the recent killings and destruction of properties in the community. Also arrested were some 30 other major stakeholders from the community, including Coordinator of… In "News" The Federal Government has pledged to ensure justice for victims of the recent attacks on three communities of Ishielu Local Government Area of Ebonyi, by unknown gunmen. Vice President Yemi Osibanjo made the pledge on Sunday in Abakaliki while addressing stakeholders of the state after inspecting the affected communities and… In "News"