The University College Hospital (UCH), Ibadan on Wednesday took delivery of triplets of the first In Vitro Fertilisation (IVF) carried out in the hospital. The 45-minute procedure for the delivery began at about 1pm. The mother and the babies – all females – are in good condition. The babies weighed 1.4kg, 2.5kg and 2.4kg. The elated father, Dr. Kehinde Osiki of the Department of History and Strategic Studies, University of Lagos, was on ground to witness the delivery of the babies. He couldn’t hide his joy at the arrival of the babies. He said technology has brought relief to the problems often attributed to spirituality, adding that instead of people carrying the burden of superstition, they should seek scientific solution to their problems. Osiki encouraged couples who could not fertilise not to lose hope, stressing that there were solutions to their problems. The triplets’ mother is an employee of the Forestry Research Institute of Nigeria (FRIN), Ibadan. Expressing delight about the delivery, UCH Chief Medical Director (CMD) Prof. Jesse Otegbayo described it as another success story for the hospital. He said the commitment to take UCH to an enviable level had played out with the beginning of the IVF last year and delivery of the first set of babies through the process. Otegbayo hailed the team that took part in the delivery. Former CMD Prof. Abiodun Ilesanmi also praised Otegbayo for not abandoning the IVF project, which he (Ilesanmi) initiated about 13 years ago. The Nation A 68-year-old woman has been successfully delivered of twins (male and female) by doctors at the Lagos University Teaching Hospital (LUTH). In a statement released by the Chairman of LUTH's Medical Advisory Committee Prof. W. L. Adeyemo, it was gathered that the lady who got pregnant for the first time… In "News" As the practice of assisted reproduction technology continues to gain ground, with more Nigerians embracing the In-Vitro Fertilisation (IVF) treatment, SHEHU OLAYINKA beams his searchlight on a growing trend of young undergraduate girls engaging in indiscriminate donation of their reproductive eggs for money. WHEN Bimpe Adeola (not real name) saw… In "Health" BY KATE KELLAND LONDON - A British expert scientific panel gave its backing on Tuesday to potential new 3-way fertility treatments that would for the first time allow genetically modified embryos to be implanted into women. The "three-parent" IVF techniques are designed to help families with particular genetic faults who… In "Health"