The body, therefore urged the sponsor, and National Assembly members by extension, to focus on the more pressing issues in the country, including insecurity.  Abdullahi, who is representing Bida/Gbako/Katcha Federal Constituency in Niger State, has sponsored the Religious Discrimination (Prohibition and Prevention) Bill 2021, which has passed first and second readings. In his opening remarks, Abdullahi partly said, “I see a problem that has become a big challenge and we have shied away from it over the years. It is the issue of religious discrimination. So, we came up with a proposal to address religious discrimination in this country.” Ohanaeze backs South-East govs on security outfit against terroristsThe President of CAN said, “This bill is a small thing; let us make it a comprehensive thing that any right-thinking person will read and will say ‘this is moving the Nigeria nation forward.’ Please, Honourable, I am appealing to you and your colleagues to help us find a way to put an end to insecurity in this country. “The body language does not suggest that we want to put an end to it. We are hearing from the corridors of power that the money voted for security is being diverted. If you see the investment we are losing because of insecurity…Even religious tourism is very difficult now because of insecurity.” He added, “We need to create employment opportunities. Unemployment is fuelling insecurity because the terrorist and bandits are able to recruit with easy, unengaged hands. They give them little money, they are satisfied. But the government is not doing that.”  Source A bill seeking to compel the Armed Forces and paramilitary organizations to allow Muslim female officers to wear hijab is being deliberated by the House of Representatives. The bill, known as the Religious Discrimination (Prohibition, Prevention) Bill, 2020, which has passed second reading at the House, is being sponsored by… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - President of the Senate, Dr. Bukola Saraki, on Monday reiterated the commitment of National Assembly to passing priority bills despite the commencement of campaign for 2019 election. He assured Nigerians that legislative duties in the 8th Senate would not be relegated to the… In "Top Stories" ABUJA - Stakeholders in the health sector have commended President Goodluck Jonathan [pro_ad_display_adzone id="10"] for signing into law the HIV/AIDS Anti-Discrimination Act. A cross section of the stakeholders gave their commendations in separate interviews with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja on Wednesday. They said the president’s accent… In "News"