General Overseer of the Redeemed Church of God (RCCG) Pastor Enoch Adeboye has assured victory is around the corner in the nation’s battle against insecurity.  Adeboye, who stated this when he paid a courtesy call on Kaduna Governor Nasir El Rufai on Tuesday, assured prayers were ongoing for the nation’s deliverance. The cleric, who said he has known the Governor for many years, described El Rufai as a tender-hearted man whose other side many will get to see later though they may be criticising him now. victory-over-insecurity-around-the-corner-adeboye-assures According to him: “We know that you have a problem that only God can solve. The problem is far beyond the abilities of any human being. We have known each other for years. I know the kind of person you are. I know you are tender-hearted. “I know how you definitely must be feeling, particularly when the kidnappings are going on. When they begin to kidnap school children, I know how you must be feeling.” He however assured him: “Victory is around the corner. We are praying for you and I believe God is going to answer the prayers. “I am assuring you sir that the Almighty God is going to fight for you. He is going to fight for Kaduna state, He is going to fight for Nigeria.’’ He added: ‘’When God begins to do what He alone can do, then the world will see it and they will glorify the name of God, and many people who might be criticizing you now, will probably see the other side of the story.’’ El Rufai commiserated with the RCCG family over the recent abduction of some pastors and parishioners in Kaduna state. He said: “This country needs divine intervention more than at any time in its history. So, we are grateful for your prayers, we are grateful for your blessings, and we will continue to ask for more. “RCCG has been a pillar of strength; a symbol of Nigeria’s unity and positive force for peace and progress in the state. And we are very grateful with the contributions that they have made. Our state needs your prayers, our state needs your blessings.’’   Source A major headliner last week was the General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God, Pastor Enoch Adeboye, calling for restructuring. He didn’t just call for it: he also sprang a surprise. According to news reports, he warned that if nothing was done to restructure, the country might break… In "Column - Thursday" The General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God, Pastor Enoch Adeboye, has advised the Federal Government to give Nigeria a lasting solution to secession agitations and its economic challenges by restructuring the country. According to Adeboye, the restructuring of the country must be done “as soon as… In "Top Stories" I believe you have all noticed. Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo is regaining his stature and waxing reformist on some of the problems dogging Nigeria. He is breaking out of the supposed cabal-stitched straitjacket into a tinderbox of chutzpah. It seems he has elected to remove the duct tape from his mouth… In "Opinion"