Osun State Government has dissociated the state from a seditious group going round public schools, disseminating secession message of the Yoruba nation to pupils.  The government, through the Ministry of Education, has suspended head teachers of the three schools who allowed the seditious group into the premises to speak with the pupils. Reacting to a viral video, which showed the group talking to the pupils about the plan of the Yoruba nation to secede from Nigeria, Education Commissioner Folorunsho Bamisayemi said the Governor Adegboyega Oyetola administration was not aware and never gave consent to the body to speak with public school pupils. Bamisayemi, who stressed that the current administration frowned at any move to disunite the country, said the state had never associated with any group on what he described as a move capable of hindering the country’s unity. The Special Adviser to Governor Oyetola on Education, Mr. Jamiu Olawumi, said it was unfortunate that some unscrupulous elements were going about polluting the minds of young children because they knew that they were still naive.  Source The Osun State Government has begged all former N-Power teachers who were directly teaching exiting classes in Osun Public High Schools to resume in helping pupils to prepare for Senior School Certificate Examination. A public service announcement signed by Senior Special Assistant to the Governor on Special Intervention Programmes, Lukman… In "News" By Victor Adeoti Osogbo - The Osun Government on Monday announced the abolition of same school uniform policy for students in public schools in the state which was introduced by immediate past administration of Gov. Rauf Aregbesola. The government also announced the reversal of the extant 4-5-3-4 policy in public… In "News" By Ajibola Olaniyi American Social Crusader once wrote that ``education is the passport to the future because the future belongs to those who prepare for it today’’. Some citizens in Osun observe that this statement is apt for describing the renewed efforts of the state government to breathe new life… In "News"