The Academic Staff Union of Polytechnics has commenced an indefinite strike with effect from today.  The union said this followed the failure of the government to address the sorry state of polytechnics and monotechnics and the expiration of the ultimatum issued since March 2020. The action is coming less than a week after resident doctors embarked on a nationwide strike over non-payment of allowances and other issues. Announcing this at a press briefing in Abuja on Tuesday, the ASUP President, Anderson Ezeibe, said academic activities had been shut shown in all polytechnics and like institutions nationwide with effect from 12am, April 6. According to him, the union’s demands were communicated to the ministries of education, labour and others as well as to state governors but nothing was done about them. Ezeibe listed the lecturers’ grievances to include non-implementation of 2014 NEEDS Report and non-release of revitalization fund to the sector despite assurances since 2017. He said, “Our grievances also include the non-reconstitution of governing councils in federal polytechnics and many state-owned institutions leading to the disruption of governance and administrative processes in the institutions since May, 2020. “This has also undermined the renegotiation of the union’s 2010 agreement with the government which was unilaterally suspended by the government for over two years now.” Details later…  Source By Mohammed Ahmed Kaigama   Bauchi -  Mr Bala Mohammed, the Chairman, Academic Staff Union of Polytechnics (ASUP) Abubakar Tatari-Ali Polytechnic, Bauchi, says lecturers of the polytechnic will not participate in the seven days warning strike declared by Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC). Mohammed said this on Wednesday at a news… In "News" By Omotoyosi Idowu   Lagos  -    As the Academic Staff Union of Polytechnics (ASUP) strike continues, some students have urged the Federal Government and lecturers to find a quick solution to the issues at stake. ASUP had directed all its members nationwide to down tools on Dec.12, 2018, based on… In "News" LAGOS - An educationist, Mrs Eunice Alabi, on Tuesday pleaded with the Federal Government to do everything possible to resolve the strike embarked  by polytechnic lecturers. Alabi, who is also the Director of Covenant Pearls Consult, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos that parents were not happy… In "News"