The Department of State Services has denied torturing Sai’du Afaka, the President’s official driver, to death.  It described a report by an online news medium, Saharareporters, that it tortured the deceased as misleading.  The news site had reported that Afaka misled the President, Major-General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.) into approving a multi-million naira contract which was later discovered by the DSS. It further said the service arrested Afaka, tortured and subsequently dumped him at the State House Clinic where he died. Buhari not a medical tourist, Presidency defends London tripWhy Tinubu doesn’t frequent Aso Villa to meet Buhari –Garba ShehuBut the DSS spokesman, Dr Peter Afunanya, in a statement on Wednesday night, titled, ‘President’s official driver not detained or tortured by DSS,’ said the secret police did not engage in torturing of suspects and asked the public to “disregard the fake news spewed by the online platform.” It stated, “While the said driver was never arrested or detained by the Service, it is a known fact that it does not torture suspects. Its suspect handling method is usually in compliance with the tenets of criminal justice administration system and democracy.” The Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Mallam Garba Shehu, had on Tuesday, announced that Afaka died “after a prolonged illness.”  Source Details how Saidu Afaka, the late official driver of President Muhammadu Buhari died have emerged. According to SaharaReporters, Afaka was detained by the Department of State Services, tortured before being rushed to the State House Clinic, Abuja, where he later died. Top sources revealed to Sahara Reporters that Afaka, who… In "News" President Muhammadu Buhari has extended heartfelt condolences to the family of Afaka on the passing of Sa’idu Afaka, his official driver, who died at the State House Clinic on Tuesday after a prolonged illness. The president’s condolence message is contained in a statement by his Senior Special Assistant on Media… In "News" By Ismaila Chafe Abuja-  President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Yusuf Magaji Bichi, as new Director-General of the Department of State Service (DSS). The new Director-General replaces Mr. Matthew Seiyefa, who has been acting Director-General since the sack of Lawal Daura, the former boss of the secret service… In "Top Stories"