•Tito Tito, daughter of former Oyo State Governor, Rasheed Ladoja, has disclosed on her Twitter page that she had two abortions and dealt with the shame for a long time. The ex-Governor’s daughter said this in a series of tweets on her Twitter handle. Tito, who is married to singer, Bez Idakula, stated that she had the abortions because she thought those were the only options available to her at the time. But when she was eventually ready to have kids and suffered a miscarriage, she said she thought it was God punishing her for her past. However, she said she was wrong because she didn’t understand the salvation she has in Christ. She explained that Christ’s death and resurrection took away the shame and guilt and advised those dealing with shame to look to Christ for redemption. She further said her husband and three babies are proof Christ has set her free with grace. Here are Tito’s tweets: “I’ve had 2 abortions. I was scared and wasn’t ready. I took the only options I thought were available to me at the time. “And even in this age of pro choice, I am not personally proud of the choices I made. And I lived in shame and guilt for years. “It almost crippled me when I found myself fighting for the life of my daughter. “I couldn’t stop thinking: ‘I deserve this punishment. Now I’m ready, and God is finally ready to get me back.’ “But then I didn’t understand the salvation and righteousness that I have in Christ. “That in his death and resurrection Jesus Christ, destroyed my shame and gave me a new name. A new beginning. “A new identity. Even in the midst of my ‘sin’ and deepest shame, God couldn’t have punished me because that is what Christ took on when he chose that sacrifice. “In the stripes and death he took all my sin and in his resurrection he set me FREE. What GRACE! So undeserved. “I mean, my husband and 3 babies are proof of God’s Grace! I thought: ‘I have to earn it,’ this love, this mercy, this grace. (TheEagleonline) It has been revealed that Edet Okon Asim, Special Adviser on Biodiversity to Governor Benedict Ayade of Cross River State who slumped and died on Tuesday, July 22, 2020 reportedly raped a 15-year-old girl many times. The teenage girl's uterus was reportedly damaged while carrying out a third abortion. Asim… In "Politics" The sad story of a girl physically deformed because of her mother’s attempts to abort her has been told by her father. The girl by name Perpetual has been unable to walk since birth because her mother tried to abort her before her birth date was due. Mr Victor Sarbah,… In "Metro" The Police have arrested an incestuous man; Taofeek Oyeyemi, for impregnating his 16 years old biological daughter. Taofeek, 42, was arrested following a complaint by the girl’s mother who reported at the Ewekoro police station that her daughter who has been living with her ex-husband, was pregnant. She informed the… In "Metro"