The Nigerian Bar Association has reacted to the show of power, displayed by the Chairman code of Conduct Tribunal, at Banex Plaza, in Wuse Abuja. In the statement released by the National Publicity Secretary of the Association Dr. Rapulu Nduka, he noted that the NBA will launch an investigation into the matter. Read the full statement below STATEMENT OF THE NIGERIAN BAR ASSOCIATION ON THE ALLEGED CASE OF ASSAULT BY UMAR YAKUBU DANLADI, ESQ. The attention of the Nigerian Bar Association (“NBA”) has been drawn to the video making the rounds where the Chairman of the Code of Conduct Tribunal (“CCT”) – Danladi Yakubu Umar Esq., was seen, together with his security detail, allegedly assaulting a citizen at Banex Plaza, in Wuse Abuja. We understand that this citizen turned out to be a 22-year-old employee of Jul Reliable Guards Services Limited, posted as a security guard to the Plaza and who is now reportedly hospitalised. The NBA has also read the statement credited to the Head, Press and Public Relations of the CCT in response to the actions of Mr Umar. The NBA frowns at any display of naked power by a public officer especially one who, by virtue of his high office, is expected to exhibit a high standard of conduct. The situation is all the more critical when it involves the head of an agency of government set up to ensure compliance, by public officers, with the code of conduct. Further, as a member of the legal profession, Danladi Yakubu Umar Esq. is expected, by the extant rules that regulate the conduct of legal practitioners in Nigeria, to maintain a high standard of professional conduct, and not to engage in any conduct which is unbecoming of a member of the legal profession. Prima facie evidence available at the moment raise questions regarding whether such standards have been met. In view of the foregoing, the NBA shall through its relevant Committee, investigate the circumstances leading to the altercation, and depending on its findings, will ensure that appropriate action is taken to address this occurrence. Source: https://thenigerialawyer.com/ A video has surfaced showing the power-drunk Chairman of the Code of Conduct Tribunal (CCT), Umar Danladi brutalizing a security guard. The incident happened at Banex plaza in Wuse, Abuja, according to Sahara Reporters. In the video exclusive obtained by SaharaReporters, Umar was seen speaking angrily, scolding and shouting at… In "News" Clement Sargwak, a Nigerian security guard who was assaulted by Danladi Umar, the chairman of the Code of Conduct Tribunal (CCT), in Abuja on Monday, has narrated his ordeal to PREMIUM TIMES. The victim, Clement Sargwak, tracked down by our reporter on Wednesday, is a 22-year-old employee of Jul Reliable… In "News" Ibraheem Al-Hassan, the Code of Conduct Tribunal spokesman, has said he was instructed to use “Biafran Boys” in the statement he released in defence of his boss, the Chairman of the CCT, Umar Danladi who allegedly assaulted a security guard at Banex Plaza in Wuse, Abuja. Alhassan also explained why… In "Features"