Fans of the YBNL boss, Olamide, are in a frenzy mood as the artiste has announced the release of a new work of art about eight months after he released his last project, Carpe Diem.  The artiste took to his social media pages to share the work of art of his new album, which he titled, UY SCUTI. In the picture, the artiste’s face was shown as his lips were hosted with pipe smoke. Based on the title, Uy Scuti, the term refers to one of the biggest stars known to mankind. Making the announcement via his social media handles, he wrote, “UY Scuti! The Album… June 14th #UyScuti.”  Chrissy Teigen returns to Twitter three weeks after quitting[VIDEO]Twitter HQ: Lai Mohammed reacts to Twitter’s choice of Ghana over NigeriaReacting to the news, his fans took to his comment section airing their opinion. Sharing her excitement via her Twitter handle, Tife with the handle @Tife_fabunmi, wrote, “Olamide wants to drop another album on June 14th, just 8 months after dropping an outstanding album. Olamide’s Legendary Status is different. Baddo na Baba.” Twitter user, Zeus, with the handle @itzbasito, commended the artiste’s album title as he tweeted, “Olamide and his album titles. UY Scuti – A super giant star. And that’s exactly who he is.” By Enebeli Alex Abuja  -The Multi-platinum selling artiste, songwriter and entertainer, Darey Art Alade, shocked fans on Monday when he released his new Extended Play (EP) project, ‘Way Home’. The ‘Pray for Me’ crooner had been dropping new music projects back to back since August when he broke his five-year… In "Entertainment" Singers, Omah Lay and Tems are currently trending on Nigeria social media platforms following the news that they have been remanded in prisons in Uganda. Both singers were arrested by the Uganda Police Force for flouting COVID-19 guidelines. They were arrested after their performances at The Big Brunch, which held… In "Entertainment" David Adeleke, Nigerian Afropop singer better known as Davido, has announced plans to release ‘A Better Time’ his new album, in July. The music superstar took to his social media page on Saturday night to make the announcement to his numerous fans. “Album. July … A Better Time,” the ‘OBO’… In "Entertainment"