By James Abraham, Jos Abuja (Sundiata Post) – THE ongoing selection process by the Governing Council of the University of Jos that will lead to the appointment of a new vice-chancellor for the institution has been suspended by the National Universities Commission. The suspension was conveyed to the Council members in a letter addressed to them by the Registrar of the University, Monday Danjam, which was obtained by The PUNCH in Jos on Monday Recall that a total of 18 professors had declared their interests to replace the outgoing Vice-Chancellor, Prof. Seddi Maimako, whose single five-year tenure would expire in June this year. It was learnt that a five member interview panel already constituted to screen the contestants had finished their job before they were asked to stop further action on the matter. The letter by the university’s Registrar, who is also the Secretary to the Council, suspending further action on the selection of a new VC for the institution was dated April 16, 2021. The letter, which was copied to all the seven members of Joint Council and Senate Selection Board, read in part, “I wish to inform you that the Executive Secretary of the of the National Universities Commission has directed that the process for the appointment of a new vice-chancellor for the University of Jos be suspended till further notice. “Consequently, you are by this letter informed that the meeting of the Joint Council and Senate Selection Board for the appointment of a new vice -chancellor for the university earlier scheduled for April 20-22, 2021 has been suspended till further notice.” A member of the Governing Counci,l who confirmed the letter while pleading for anonymity, said they had been summoned to Abuja for a meeting today (Wednesday) He said, “We got the letter to suspend further action on the VC selection and we have been asked to proceed to Abuja for a meeting with the NUC over the matter. We don’t know what is happening.” They accused the NUC of interference in the appointment of a new VC for the university and vowed to resist any imposition of a new leadership for the institution. The Secretary, Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities, UNIJOS Branch, Muplang Simon Kangpe, who addressed a press conference, noted that the process of selecting a new VC for the university had commenced without any hitch and wondered why the NUC would stop the process midway. The SSANU Secretary said, “We are not aware of any breach of the extant laws regarding the selection process leading to the emergence of a new vice-chancellor. “There was no petition submitted by any candidate, civil society, Federal Ministry of Education and Federal Characters Commission and if any, the right thing should have been initiating a detailed investigation of the processes before any decision is arrived at.”(Punch). By Sufyan Abbas Mohammed In 2012, a zonal branch of the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) embarked on a strike action to protest the ‘arbitrariness in appointing a vice chancellor’ for the River State University of Science and Technology, Port Harcourt. The sin of the then Governor of Rivers… In "Opinion" The Plateau State University (Solomon Daushep Lar), Bokkos a broad-based and conventional Institution was established via the instrument of Law on the 7th March, 2005 The National Universities Commission (NUC), FCT-Abuja granted official recognition to the University to operate on the 29th April, 2005. The post of the Vice-Chancellor of… In "Education" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - A civil society group, Education Awareness Support Organisation, has accused the Minister of Education, Mallam Adamu Adamu of systematically destroying the foundation of tertiary education in the country. Specifically, members of the group who are stakeholders in the country’s education sector accused the minister of arbitrarily… In "News"