The PUNCH reports that the South-East region has launched its own joint security outfit codenamed EBUBEAGU.  This was after governors and stakeholders of the region held a security meeting in Imo State today. The governors of Anambra, Abia, Ebonyi, Imo and Enugu states were present at the meeting which also had in attendance Navy and Air Force Commanders, the Inspector-General of Police, Ohanaeze Ndigbo and other stakeholders. The meeting held days after gunmen attacked the Owerri Custodial Centre, freeing 1,884 inmates. The Imo State Police Command was also attacked by gunmen who set several vehicles ablaze on the same day. Giving a brief detail on the outcome of the meeting, the Imo State Government revealed on its official Twitter handle that the governors of the South-East have set up a joint security outfit. “South-East Governors set up the South-East joint security outfit code named EBUBEAGU,” the tweet read. This comes a year after the Governors of the South-West launched the Western Nigeria Security Network codenamed Amotekun Corps.  Source It took the unveiling of the controversial Western Nigeria Security Network (WNSN) codenamed 'Operation Amotekun' by the Southwest governors for the Southeast zone to realise it had nursed similar ideas. The regional security network, a response to the rising insecurity in the western zone, was set up with the intention… In "Features" South East Governors, yesterday, said they are committed to the security and welfare of Ndigbo and would stop at nothing to ensure that the geopolitical zone is secured against banditry and invasion of killer herdsmen. The governors gave the assurance in response to the Igbo Union, an organization of citizens… In "News" South East Governors will meet in Owerri, the Imo State capital to deliberate on security- related issues today. Also expected at the meeting are the Brigade Commanders, Navy, Air Force Commanders, Inspector General of Police, Ohanaeze Ndigbo and other stakeholders. Read Also: How to tackle insecurity, by OkorochaThe Governors, according… In "News"