By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Former minister of Education, Oby Ezekwesili has slammed the presidency for  siding of the Minister of Communication and Digital Economy, Dr Isa Pantami , saying she does not agree that any citizen can get away with such bloodcurdling rhetorics Pantami made through the years. Oby therefore stated that for that singular act of siding with his Minister of Communication, President Muhammadu Buhari actually conveyed a message on his The former minister stated this when she took to her twitter handle while reacting to the statement credited to President Muhammadu Buhari that he stands by Pantami. Ezekwesili tweeted:”In that singular act of siding with his Minister of Communication, President Muhammadu Buhari actually conveyed a message on his view of terrorism. Nigerians now know that his views align with that of his Minister.It is now left to Nigerians to convey whether we agree with them. I do not agree with President Buhari and his Minister of Communication that any citizen can get away with such bloodcurdling rhetorics the latter made through the years. Worse that one who swore an oath to public office said and did the Nigerian government has waved off. Yesterday’s action by our President was an anti-climax. He has persisted in badly managing our country’s diversity. Nigeria cannot at this stage avoid a genuine conversation about its Future. The signs are all too obvious for all to see and act on. Citizens are the only legitimate center that can midwife credible dialogue. Citizens have to step up. Nigeria cannot at this stage avoid a genuine conversation about its future. The signs are all too obvious for all to see. The people of Nigeria are due for a Conversation. Sundiata Post recalls that the Presidency has aligned with the submission of the embattled minister that he was young when he made those statements and that his position had since changed. Abuja (Sundiata Post) - A former presidential candidate and former minister of education, Oby Ezekwesili has reacted the viral photo of president Muhammadu Buhari looking all relaxed and picking his teeth. Oby Ezekwesili and Buhari The photo which automatically became a meme for social media users had stirred some form… In "Top Stories" Reno Omokri, on his Medium channel, has written on how the APC used Oby Ezekwesili, rubbished her then dumped her like a used pad. According to him Oby was used by the APC to attack Jonathan’s administration but didn’t get what she wanted from the party after their election into… In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Former Presidential candidate in the 2019 General Elections, Dr. Obiageli Ezekwesili, has charged the leadership of the National Assembly to invite President Muhammadu Buhari, whom she alleged is missing in action, to address the lawmakers and the Nigerian public on his administration’s strategies… In "News"