18 persons were killed when Boko Haram terrorists attacked Damasak town in Borno state on Tuesday.  Confirming this, Governor Babagana Zulum added that 21 persons were also injured in the attack. Zulum traveled alongside Senator Abubakar Kyari representing Borno north, who hails from Damasak, and some officials. The Governor held operational meeting with soldiers and other security forces after which he presented 12 security vehicles, which include an armoured personnel carrier ( APC) and 11 patrol vehicles to strengthen armed forces and volunteers made up of trained youths in the civilian JTF, hunters and vigilantes, helping in the fight against insurgents. Damasak, headquarter of Mobbar local government area in northern Borno, is located in the fringes of Lake Chad and shares border with communities in Niger Republic. The town used to be producer and exporter of vegetables to target markets within Nigeria, Niger republic and other neighboring countries. Boko Haram had occupied Damasak in 2014 as one of their caliphates and the insurgents seem interested in the town, apparently for strategic access to raising funds through agriculture and for land routes to Niger republic. Zulum, spending the night at Damasak, ended speculation that the town had fallen to insurgents’ occupation. During his stay in Damasak, Zulum had interactions with soldiers and others forces involved in counter insurgency operations. The Governor interacted with residents, empathised with them and assessed destructions caused by insurgents. Thousands of residents who had fled to boarder communities in Niger republic returned on Friday. The UN humanitarian hub, private residential houses, a police station, palace of the district head, a primary healthcare centre, and a GSM Village were among property destroyed. The insurgents attacked the town with three gun-trucks, residents told Governor Zulum. Tuesday’s attack on Damasak was the sixth in two weeks by the Boko Haram/ISWP groups, residents recalled. Zulum assured of robust measures being put in place to avert future attacks on Damasak town, by the insurgents. The Governor directed the strengthening of agricultural activities in Damasak and he assessed a rice farm, which his administration facilitated to enhance food security.  Source Nigerian troops are currently battling Boko Haram terrorists in a determined bid to retake Damasak, a border town between Nigeria and Niger Republic, PRNigeria can authoritatively confirm. [pro_ad_display_adzone id="10"] The battle for the retake of the town is being waged by Nigerian troops in conjunction with the Multinational Joint Task… In "News" By Rabiu Sani Maiduguri - The Borno State Government said it had donated patrol vehicles to members of Cameroonian vigilante to enhance thebfight against insurgents in border communities of the state. Mr Isa Gusau, the Special Adviser on Public Relation and Media Strategy to Gov. Babagana Zulum, made the disclosure… In "News" An aid worker and a policeman have been abducted by terrorists in Borno State, Northeast Nigeria. According to ICIR, the terrorist group, Islamic State West Africa Province (ISWAP), one of the two Boko Haram factions operating in Nigeria abducted a staff of the Nigerian Red Cross. However, Chima Nwankwo, Head… In "News"