OWERRI – Angry residents of Umuawom village, Ihodimeze community in Ikeduru council area of Imo State on Wednesday, April 7, 2021, set ablaze a fleeing prisoner, who returned home from the Owerri Correctional Centre. The fleeing prisoner, whose identify could not be ascertained as at press time, was said to have hailed from the nearby Ogwa community in Mbaitoli LGA of Imo State but grew up in Umuawom village, which is his maternal home. He was said to have been involved in a kidnap activity that involved one of the families in Umuawom village but was eventually apprehended and remanded in custody for over one year. However, when he escaped from the Correctional Centre last Monday, he was said to have gone straight to one of the families that testified against him and threatened to deal with them. It was gathered he attempted to carry out his threat by attacking a member of the family in Umuawom village with a gun. Village sources told The Nation that daring move prompted villagers to pounce on the invader and immediately set him ablaze. Orlando Ikeokwu, the spokesman of the Police Command, said he had heard about the incident but could not officially confirm it. No fewer than 2,000 inmates escaped on Monday morning in Owerri, the Imo State capital when suspected hoodlums attacked the Correctional Facility near the State Government House. The hoodlums also attacked the Imo Police command headquarters where they freed another 600 suspects in custody. They set the police headquarters ablaze… In "News" Less than 24 hours after gunmen attacked the Imo State Police Command headquarters and the Nigerian Correctional Service at Owerri, the immediate past Inspector General of Police, Muhammed Adamu, on Tuesday, visited the state. During the visit, the ex-IG insisted that members of the Indigenous People of Biafra carried out… In "News" Hours after he escaped in Oko Correctional Centre in Edo state, with other prisoners, a yet to be disclosed Prisoner, has reportedly killed his neighbor who testified against him in court.   About 1,993 prisoners escaped from two correctional facilities in Edo state. Few have been arrested while about 1,818… In "News"