By GARBA MUHAMMAD, Kaduna The management of Greenfield University, Kaduna, has appealed to government and people of good will who can be of assistance to rescue the abducted student of the university. A statement signed by the university Registrar Bashir Muhammad and made available to journalists on Saturday, also confirmed the ransom demand of N800 million by the abductors of the staff and students. We are at this point calling on the government and people of good will who can be of assistance to come to our aid as the situation is becoming overwhelming. “We are all aware of the incidence which occurred at Greenfield University on Tuesday 20th April, 2021 by 8.15pm where some staff and students were abducted. “Efforts have been made to secure the release of these staff and students which have not yielded the desired results. “Even so, very sad news reaching us today is that three of the students were killed and their bodies were found near the university. There were two female and one male casualties. “Finally, we appeal to those in custody of our staff and students to spare their lives,” the statement said. Sources said 20 students and three staff of the private university were abducted. “A university male porter was short dead on the first day. Three staff, a female matron and two kitchen staff were abducted alongside the students,” the source said. By Victor Oso More Nigerians have urged the Muhammadu Buhari-led Federal Government to find concrete solution to the unending state of kidnapping and banditry ravaging the country. They expressed sadness and grief over the mindless killing of three of the abducted students of Greenfield University, Kaduna.Gunmen had Tuesday night kidnapped… In "Social Media Feeds" It was a bloody day on Wednesday as gunmen went on the rampage in various parts of the country. They killed two policemen in an attack on the Adani divisional headquarters in Enugu State. In Kaduna State, bandits killed a worker and abducted a yet-to-be specified number of students from… In "News" The bandits who attacked Greenfield University along the Kaduna-Abuja Highway in Kaduna State on Tuesday night, killed a porter of the institution, identified as Paul Okafor. The assailants also kidnapped a yet-to-be ascertained number of students, said to be mainly females, it was learnt. The bandits stormed the school located… In "News"