The Imam of Apo legislative quarters Jumat Mosque in Abuja, Muhammad Khalid has identified preaching of hatred and disunity as the cause of insecurity in Nigeria.  He said insecurity in the country is also promoted by politicians whose main agenda is to destroy the country. He said the country lacks peace because “we got everything wrong, our institutions have collapsed and religion has been hijacked by inhuman people.” Imam Khalid stated this in Abuja during the presentation of the book The Infinite Light, the Pride of Humanity written by Sheikh Fathullah Gulen. He also said the book discusses the life of Prophet Muhammad as a role model to humanity and symbol of tolerance among many issues covered by the book. He said: “We lack peace in Nigeria because we got everything wrong. Our institutions have collapsed, the family institution is no more working, our politics is being hijacked by criminals, they criminalise everything, they use our youths loot our resources and our educational institutions are not working because people don’t value education anymore, people get educated and are made irrelevant in society. Consider our doctors crying and going on strike; these are things we have to redress if we want peace. “Most importantly, religion has been hijacked by inhuman people, preaching hatred and disunity, so we can’t have peace when religion is being hijacked by inhuman people. The book is about accommodation and sacrifice, we need to accommodate one another and sacrifice for humanity. “What Boko Haram is doing is inhuman and not religious. If you are killing people, how can they understand your ideology? It is a political agenda; it is a global conspiracy against Nigeria.” The book has been translated into more than 20 languages, including Hausa and episodes of the content shall be broadcasted live on Sunnah TV when the Ramadan commences.  Source ABUJA - Rev. Fr. Jude Nwigwe, a Catholic Priest in Abuja on Wednesday expressed optimism that the 2015 general elections in the country would be peaceful. Nwigwe, a Cathedral Administrator at Our Lady Queen of Nigeria Pro-Cathedral, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) that the election would be hitch-free.… In "News" By Muhyideen Jimoh Abuja - Sheikh Muhammad Khalid, Chief Imam, Apo Legislative Quarters Mosque, Abuja has called for urgent action on youth empowerment and skill-based education system to curb the spate of insecurity in the country. Khalid made the call on Saturday at the 17th anniversary and maiden national conference… In "News" Abuja - Sheikh Nuru Khalid, the Chief Imam of Apo Legislators’ Quarter’s Jumat Mosque, on Saturday, urged Muslims and Christians to live in peace and harmony wherever they find themselves. Khalid, who gave the advice in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), in Abuja, said the call… In "News"