By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –   The Senate has confirmed the nomination of Muhammad Dattijo Usman as a Federal Commissioner of the National Population Commission. Usman’s confirmation followed the consideration of a report by the Senate Committee on National Identity and National Population. Chairman of the Committee, Senator Saidu Alkali, while presenting the report, said the nominee possesses the requisite qualifications, integrity, leadership qualities and comportment to discharge his responsibilities. According to the lawmaker, the appointment of the nominee satisfies the requirements of Section 154(1) of the Constitution of the a Federal Republic of Nigeria, 1999 (as amended). Dattijo Usman, who was the Registrar of the Federal University of Technology, Minna, between 2007 and 2012, is a member of the African Council on Communication Education; Member, Association of Nigeria University Professional Administrators (ANUPA); Member, Nigeria Institute of Management (NIM); Fellow, Institute of Corporate Administration; and Fellow of the Nigerian Institute of Public Relations (NIPR). By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  Senate has confirmed the nomination of Dr. Chukwuemeka Chukwu as Resident Electoral Commissioner representing Abia State Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). The confirmation of the nominee followed consideration of a report during plenary on the screening exercise conducted by the Senate Committee on… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate on Tuesday received a formal request from President Muhammadu Buhari to confirm Mr. Halilu Ahmad Shaba as Director General of the National Space Research and Development Agency.  The request was contained in a letter dated 25th February, 2021, and read during… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate, on Tuesday, confirmed the nomination of Engr. Wakil Bukar for Appointment as Commissioner for the Federal Civil Service Commission. The confirmation of the nominee followed consideration of a report by the Committee on Establishment and Public Service during plenary.  In his… In "Top Stories"