The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), has confirmed the killing of the unit commander of the Eastern Security Network, ESN, and six others in a joint operation by security forces comprising the police, Department of Security Services, DSS, and the military. Emma Powerful, IPOB spokesperson in a statement on Saturday, April 24, made this know, stating that the ESN operatives were killed at the Oguta junction at Mgbidi, along Owerri road Onitsha..He added that  “the death of heroic innocent Biafrans protecting our communities and towns from Fulani terrorists herdsmen masquerading as cattle herders in cold blood is very painful”. Powerful also accused the Imo State governor of masterminding the killing Ikonso on the ground of his refusal to head Ebubeagu security structure and to betray the IPOB and their leader Nnamdi Kanu.“Uzodinma decided to kill Ikonso because he refused his offer to head Ebubeagu ghost security outfit formed by South East governors. Uzodinma has tried but without success to lure ESN operatives into EBUBEAGU,” he said.“Hope Uzodinma and his cowardly Nigerian security agencies that cannot confront Fulani terrorists but only flex their muscles when they see Biafra agitators. For murdering Ikonso, the ESN unit commander in cold blood, Uzodima has stirred the hornet nest! He should get ready for a sting,” he threatened the governor as the remains of Ikonso was paraded by Fulani Jihadists in police and Nigerian army, so shall it be your portion one day. The World Igbo Congress, WIC, has rejected South East Governors’ formation of EbubeAgu as an alternative regional security outfit. The group rather, urged the governors to support the Eastern Security Network, ESN, stop their ruse and serve the people. This came as the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB,raised the alarm… In "News" •Dave Umahi, Governor of Ebonyi State We have been following with keen interest, but with cautious optimism, the recent decision by the governors of the South East Zone, after their one-day meeting in Owerri, Imo State, to establish a joint security outfit for the region, which is to be known… In "Opinion" •Nnamdi Kanu, IPOB leader The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has absolved itself and the Eastern Security Network (ESN) of killing six children in Anambra State. The group described the news making the rounds linking it with the purported killing as ridiculous. In a statement made available to journalists in… In "News"