Founder of the Movement for the Actualisation of Sovereign State of Biafra and leader of the Biafra Independent Movement, Chief Ralph Uwazuruike, says the only security outfit recognised in the South-East region is Ebubeagu which was recently announced by the governors of the zone.  According to him, the Eastern Security Network established by the Indigenous People of Biafra and its leader, Nnamdi Kanu, only exists on social media. Uwazuruike, who heads one of the secessionist groups in the South-East, spoke on Tuesday while featuring on TVC breakfast show, ‘Your View’ monitored by The PUNCH. He said, “It is only the South-East governors that have the authority to establish a security outfit for the people of the South-East. No individual has the right to establish any security outfit for the South-East. I have the capacity to establish a security outfit for the South-East but I didn’t do that because we must believe in the rule of law. “We have elected, able governors who are entitled to do such function; no individual, no matter who you are, without consultation should open a security outfit for the South-East region. MASSOB knocks Dambazau for comparing IPOB, OPC to Boko HaramIgbo want justice, equity, fairness, not Biafra, says Uzodinma“So, it is only the Ebubeagu opened and established by the governors that is recognised as the security outfit for the South-East. “There is nothing like Eastern Security Network. Nobody believes in Eastern Security Network, that is just an internet affair, on social media networks.” The BIM leader stressed that the insecurity situation in the region needed urgent attention, adding that he was willing to support Ebubeagu with 5,000 personnel without any interference in the operations of the security outfit. “I’m willing to donate 5,000 men and women to work with the South-East governors without interfering,” he said, adding that the South-East Houses of Assembly would soon back up the new security outfit with the instrument of law.  Source The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has dismissed claim by Governor of Imo State, Hope Uzodimma, that it hijacked the Eastern Security Network (ESN) from the South East governors. In a statement by it media and publicity secretary, Emma Powerful, it said ESN was created out of necessity after it… In "News" Founder of the Movement for The Actualization of a Sovereign State of Biafra (MASSOB) and Biafra Independent Movement (BIM), Chief Ralph Uwazuruike, has accused the leader of the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Nnamdi Kanu, of inciting ethnic cleansing in Igboland. He also accused the group of insulting and… In "News" Pan-Ohanaeze Ndigbo socio-political organisation, Conference of Igbo Elders for Peace and Development, has encouraged governors of the South-East region to establish a security outfit, to curb the rising cases of banditry and kidnapping ravaging the region. This is even as the National President, Dr. Festus Edochie, and Secretary Barr Esther… In "News"