Popular Nigerian singer, Peruzzi has recounted how he met his record label boss and singer, Davido as he appeared on Nancy Isime Show.  Peruzzi took his time to narrate his first encounter with his boss, Davido, which he described as a decision of courage as his manager encouraged him to man up and try his luck. Describing their first meeting, the singer said it was Davido who reached out to him, as he was coy. In his words; “It was really difficult to meet him. It was just me, my manager and my friend. So my manager just said come, lets’ go and try. So he told my guy to wait so we won’t be too many Niggas there. So I started going small small making sure I don’t step on anyone before they slap me. When I got to two people before David, I just rose my head up and then he looked at me and just stretched his hand. Broda, if you see the way I grabbed that hand… Yes! Yes, My Guy,” he said. He also took the opportunity to hit out at his former label boss, Patrick Anyaene, the CEO of Golden Boy Entertainment, a record label to which he was signed before he joined Davido’s DMW. In January 2020, Anyaene had taken to Twitter to drag Peruzzi and Davido via a long, viral Twitter thread. Peruzzi then responded with lighthearted jibes. He said, “You are still going on social media, it means it’s not favouring you now. Me, I’m good… Me, I like court. He [Patrick] got me arrested one time now, I landed from Lagos to Abuja, I had a show and he got me arrested. You say you have an artist, right and that you have a contract and the artist breached the contract. “That means if you go to court, you would win [the case] for sure right? So why don’t you just go there?”  Source By Siji Odusola Abuja - After a successful 2019, Superstar Nigerian Singer and Song Writer, David Adedeji Adeleke, aka Davido, opened the year with a new song titled ‘2020 Letter To You.’ The song kicks off with Davido advising and encouraging his listeners in the lyrics. “Manage your state, magnify… In "Entertainment" Controversial journalist, Kemi Olunloyo has claimed that she has a s3x tape of Davido's lover Chioma with his signed artiste, Peruzzi. She threatened to release the tape after a post made by Chioma infuriated her. Kemi Olunloyo insisted that she is yet to forgive Davido for disrespecting her adding that… In "Social Media Feeds" Award winning singer, David Adeleke aka Davido has disclosed that he has just changed his phone number and he is on the path to start a new life. In an emotional message to his fans, the ‘risky’ crooner lamented on how he has always put people before himself all his… In "Entertainment"