A 49-year-old man has been taken into police custody in Ogun State after his teenage daughter reported that he routinely had sex with her for five years.  The 12-year-old reportedly told police that her father started sleeping with her since she was seven. Police said Ubong Williams Akpan claimed his wife was looking quite old and no longer attractive to him, hence the recourse to sleeping with his daughter as a substitute. Detectives arrested him on March 2 when the girl reported the alleged affair to the Divisional Police Officer at Itele Ota divisional headquarters, Monday Unoegbe, a Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP). She told the police that her father managed to sustain the affair for five years until she could not bear it any longer and had to report him to the police. Commissioner of Police Edward Ajogun directed that the case be transferred to the family support unit of Ota area command for further investigation and prosecution. He also directed that the victim be taken to the general hospital for medical examination and treatment.  Source The Ogun Police have arrested a 49 -year-old man, Ubong Williams Akpan, for routinely defiling his 12 -year- old daughter. Ubong claimed his wife appeared to be looking quite old and was no longer attractive to him, which made him resort to sleeping with his daughter. Detectives arrested him on… In "Metro" The Police have arrested a – 44 – year old Pastor of the Christ Apostolic Church(CAC), Ogo Oluwa parish, Oluwafemi Oyebola, for allegedly raping his biological daughter routinely. Oyebola was arrested following a complaint by his 24 – year-old daughter, who asked to remain anonymous. The girl reported at the… In "News" The Police have arrested an incestuous man; Taofeek Oyeyemi, for impregnating his 16 years old biological daughter. Taofeek, 42, was arrested following a complaint by the girl’s mother who reported at the Ewekoro police station that her daughter who has been living with her ex-husband, was pregnant. She informed the… In "Metro"