ASABA – The Control Room of the Delta State Police Command Headquarters in Asaba, was on Thursday gutted by fire. The fire which started at about 2.40pm caused stampede as officers and visitors scampered for safety. In the midst of the pandemonium, some brave officers made frantic efforts to salvage vital documents from the unit and neighbouring offices. Although the cause of the fire is still not clear, some officers attributed it to an electrical spark at the control engine room, which damages to some gadgets and part of the building housing the unit, especially the roof. But for the swift intervention of men of the fire service, the fire could have done more damage from the resulting inferno. Acting Police Public Relations Officer of the command, DSP Bright Edafe in a statement confirmed the incident. Edafe stated that the fire affected only a part of the control room. “Fire service was called immediately, and their timely intervention saved the situation. “Presently fire has been put out. Cause of fire incident not yet known but suspected to be as a result of electrical spark from the communication engine room. “Meanwhile investigation into the incident has comenced. “The Commissioner of Police urge members of the public to ignore any rumor contrary to the actual fact stated above,” he stated. •Burnt Onitsha market stalls By Pamela Eboh Many traders are now counting their losses in the aftermath of the fire disaster of Wednesday, October 16, 2019. Apart from the destruction of people’s means of livelihood by the inferno, it took with it about eleven souls including a mother and child… In "Features" By Frank Onyeukwu Onitsha - Traders at Ochanja Market, Onitsha, who recorded colossal damage due to Wednesday’s fire disaster arising from a tanker accident have blamed their calamity on poorly equipped Anambra State Fire Service.Some of the traders who spoke to News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Thursday in Onitsha… In "News" Some dangerous gunmen on Tuesday attacked a bullion van at Ubulu-Okiti along the Benin/Asaba expressway, Aniocha North Local Government Area, Delta State with one lady feared dead, according to Vanguard. The gunmen numbering about 10, Vanguard gathered came out of a bush on citing the bullion van, shooting sporadically until… In "News"