London, April 17, 2021 (Reuters/NAN) Chelsea beat Manchester City 1-0 on Saturday to book a place in next month’s FA Cup final thanks to a second-half goal by Hakim Ziyech.  The win extended a remarkable turnaround since manager Thomas Tuchel took over as Blues coach in January. By contrast, City manager Pep Guardiola – who made eight changes to the side which beat Borussia Dortmund in the Champions League in midweek – saw his dream of steering them to an unprecedented quadruple of titles come to an end. Eight-times FA Cup winners Chelsea face Leicester City or Southampton, who play their semi-final on Sunday, in the showpiece match on May 15. It will be the Stamford Bridge side’s fourth appearance in the finals in the past five seasons. Ziyech scored in the 55th minute when he tapped into an empty net from a cross by Timo Werner with City goalkeeper Zack Steffen in no man’s land. This was after racing off his line to close Werner down, but then seeming to change his mind. “You always have to have the feeling before the game that you want to score,” the Moroccan winger – who has struggled to find his form after arriving at Stamford Bridge from Ajax Amsterdam last year – told reporters. “It was a good delivery and I put it in easy,” he said. City’s Steffen made some amends a few minutes later when his outstretched leg thwarted Ziyech when the forward looked certain to score a second goal after poor defending by City. The victory at an empty Wembley Stadium, with fans not allowed to attend, due to COVID-19 restrictions, leaves Tuchel in the hunt for two trophies with the Blues also in the Champions League semi-finals where they face Real Madrid. The German, who replaced Frank Lampard after a slump in form by the Londoners, outsmarted Guardiola with his game-plan, focusing on catching City with fast counter-attacks down the wings, one of which provided the breakthrough moment. City’s woes were compounded by the loss of midfielder Kevin de Bruyne early in the second half with an apparent ankle injury which Guardiola said “probably doesn’t look quite good”. Runaway Premier League leaders, City, could still win a treble of trophies this season as they are back at Wembley for the League Cup Final against Tottenham Hotspur next Sunday. They also face Paris St Germain in the Champions League semis.  (Reuters/NAN) London -  With dreams of European glory shattered, Manchester United, Chelsea and Tottenham Hotspur turn their attention to the English FA Cup quarter-finals clinging to their last chance of silverware this season. The competition’s luster, to many, may have dulled in recent years as managers prioritise so-called bigger prizes. But… In "Sports" Newcastle (UK) - Kevin de Bruyne’s first half penalty kick and a superb strike by Raheem Sterling after the break earned holders Manchester City a comfortable 2-0 win away at Newcastle United on Sunday. The win, in the weekend’s last FA Cup quarter-final, was the result of Manchester City’s domination.… In "Sports" Chelsea have signed England left-back Ben Chilwell from Leicester for a fee in the region of £50m on a five-year deal. Chelsea beat Leicester to a Champions League place on the final day of the 2019/20 Premier League season – pushing the Foxes into the Europa League – and have… In "Sports"