Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Founder and chief strategist of Alpha Reach Limited Japheth Omojuwa says he got the consent of former presidential candidate Oby Ezekwesili to list her as a director in the company. Mr Omojuwa had in a statement earlier released by the company and signed by him on April 9 said Ezekwesili was not on the board and was never a co-owner of the company. His latest statement is contained in a letter signed by his lawyers at Wale Babalakin’s law firm. The social media influencer who also listed Kaduna State Governor Nasir El-Rufai as director said he got consent from both of them. Ezekwesili had written a letter to Omojuwa through her lawyers urging him to explain her inclusion after Buzzfeed published a report that exposed the role Omojuwa and other influencers allegedly played in the social media campaign for the release of a Venezuelan envoy Alex Saab who has been declared wanted in the United States for money laundering allegations. Alpha Reach, registered with the Corporate Affairs Commission in 2012, is alleged to have played a role in the Alex Saab campaign. Responding to Ezekwesili’s request for clarification and apology, Omojuwa’s lawyers said in the letter: “Both Mallam El-Rufai and your client were listed as Directors of Alpha Reach Company Limited when it was registered in 2012, with their full consent. Likewise, our client recalls being seated at the suite of a respected man of God at the Transcorp Hilton in Abuja, trusting your client with some very personal and painful stories. At a point in our client’s life, your client was his most trusted person and confidant. Some people can attest to this fact, and they will, at the appropriate time and forum.” The letter said Ezekwesili was removed as director in the company when it became certain that she could be appointed minister when President Muhammadu Buhari took power in 2015. On Ezekwesili’s request for full disclosure of documents submitted at the CAC in the course of registering Alpha Reach, the letter said such will only be made available upon a written undertaking. Source As an alleged money launderer who worked with the Venezuelan government and is fighting an extradition order to the United States, Alex Saab has some unlikely allies. Since mid-January, #FreeAlexSaab has been a rallying cry among Nigerians on Twitter, thanks to a broad influence operation with connections to employees of… In "News" Hundreds of Nigerians on Friday angrily protested the ban by the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), earlier in the day, on buying and selling of bitcoin and cryptocurrency in the country. The protesters took to the social media to slam the federal government for what they considered to be a… In "News" Eniola Akinkuotu, Jesusegun Alagbe and Tobi Aworinde A company in which Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo has a stake, Simmons Coopers Partners, has been linked to another firm, Ocean Trust Limited, which was fingered in an alleged N100bn scam involving Alpha Beta Consulting Limited and Alpha Beta LP. Ocean Trust Limited, which… In "Top Stories"