Nnamdi Kanu, the leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, has stated that he will not back down on his struggle for self-determination for the South-East region.  Kanu vowed that if he could sacrifice his parents for the Biafran agitation, he was ready to do more for the struggle. Kanu stated this on Saturday evening through an inscription on an image he tweeted on his official Twitter handle which also indicated the date and time for his usual live radio programme on Biafra radio. The inscription reads, “I sacrificed my mother and father to get Biafra. I will sacrifice everything.” Meanwhile, in a separate tweet, Kanu, while reacting to a publication by SaharaReporters about “seven military officers arrested for supporting bandits,” said he earlier predicted it. “I’ve been telling you this for long: Boko Haram, Fulani Herdsmen and the Islamic State West African Province have infiltrated the Nigerian Armed Forces. “And as TY Danjuma had saityou don’t defend yourselves, you will all die one by one,” he added.  Source An Igbo adage states: when a deity starts giving much trouble, it will be shown the wood from which it was carved. There are lines that are never crossed in culture and tradition, and in national life. Such red lines keep the society going, cohesive and coherent. And the Igbo… In "Opinion" A controversial statement by Ango Abdullahi, Chairman of the Northern Elders Forum has gotten a reply from the leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB. Nnamdi Kanu, while reacting to Abdullahi's accusation that the South East perpetrated the most violence against Northerners in other parts of the country during… In "Entertainment" By Reuben Abati The most discussed subject in Nigeria today is what is called “restructuring” and indeed so popular is this subject that it has attracted the attention of roadside commentators, the bright, the not-so-bright, the mischievous and the outrightly unintelligent all united by the singular claim that Nigeria belongs… In "Opinion"