Benue State Executive Council (EXCO) has ordered street hawkers around Wurukum Market to vacate their positions or risk losing their wares.  The Exco also directed traders occupying makeshift shops along Swange Cinema Road at Wurukum Market to vacate them or risk demolition and destruction of their wares. In a chat with reporters after Wednesday’s EXCO meeting, Commissioner for Information, Culture and Tourism, Ngunan Addingi said the affected people are to move to the Makurdi International Market where there are shops for occupation. According to her, the council directed those who have shops allotted to them at the Makurdi International Market to complete their payments within one month or risk revocation of same. Mrs Addingi said EXCO approved the constitution of a committee headed by Secretary to the State Government (SSG) Prof. Anthony Ijohor (SAN) to consider submissions of the last Benue Youth Summit for possible implementation. The committee also has Commissioners for Finance and Economic Planning, Industries and Co-operatives, Agriculture and Natural Resources, Information, Culture and Tourism, Youths and Sports, Science and Technology, Rural Development as well as Trade and Investment as members. The Director of EXCO is to serve as Secretary of the committee while Special Advisers for Local Government and Chieftaincy Affairs, Economic Planning as well as that of Project Monitoring and Evaluation and the Director-General Planning Commission is also members. Chairman, secretary and sub-committee Chairmen of the Youth Summit are to meet with the SSG-led Committee at a later date to deliberate on the summit report. The Commissioner for Information, Culture and Tourism said over 4,000 people have so far been vaccinated against COVID-19 in the state.  Source The Benue State Government has disclosed that some palliatives meant for the state were discovered on sales at a market in Kano state.   It will be recalled that the police in Kano State recovered 1,958 cartons of noodles diverted from Benue State's portion of COVID-19 palliatives. The Kano State… In "Politics" By Emmanuel Antswen Makurdi - Mr Dondo Ahile, Benue Commissioner for Water Resources and Environment says a three-year-old boy allegedly drowned in a flood as a result of the downpour in the early hours of Thursday in Makurdi. Ahile told newsmen, while assessing the impact of the flood in Wurukum… In "News" By Chukwuwemeka Opara   Abakaliki   -     The Ebonyi Government has assured traders and other citizens who procured shops at the Margaret Umahi International Market, Abakaliki of permanent ownership of the shops. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the multi-billion Naira market complex situated on the Trans-Saharan Enugu-Abakaliki-Cross River-Cameroon… In "News"