By PAMELA EBOH, Awka The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has announced the renaming of Imo State Government House, Douglas Road Owerri, and Awomamma Junction after the fallen Commander, Ikonso. Ikonso, who was recently killed by a combined team of soldiers, police and Department of State Service (DSS) operatives, was until his death the Commander of IPOB’s Eastern Security Network (ESN) in Imo State. IPOB in a statement on Wednesday by its Media and Publicity Secretary, Emma Powerful, said that the affected places will henceforth be called Ikonso Government House, Ikonso Way and Ikonso Junction respectively. The outlawed separatist group called for immediate compliance of all ministries and parastatals in Imo State beginning from today, Wednesday, April 28, 2021. The statement partly reads: “This decision is one of the ways IPOB members and Biafrans all over the world have agreed to immortalize the name of our brave Ikonso and his men killed by the Nigeria security agents that flee from terrorists and bandits but derive pleasure in killing unarmed Biafra agitators. “Ikonso and other fallen heroes with him did nothing to warrant their summary extra judicial execution. They made the supreme sacrifice in defense of our ancestral land against Fulani terrorists, jihadists and killer herdsmen. Biafra shall never forget them. “We therefore expect maximum cooperation from relevant Government agencies, officials and the Imo State House of Assembly because we don’t know who this Douglas is that a road in Owerri was named but we know who Ikonso was. He defended Imo State with his life, for without him, most Imo indigenes would be in IDP camps by now courtesy of Fulani terrorists.” (News Express) •The late IPOB commander, Ikonso before his death and after being killed  The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), has confirmed the killing of the unit commander of the Eastern Security Network, ESN, and six others in a joint operation by security forces comprising the police, Department of Security Services, DSS,… In "Top Stories" •Emma Powerful AWKA - The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has condemned the suspension and fine of N5m slammed on Channels Television by the National Broadcast Commission (NBC) for conducting a live, uncensored telephone interview with its Media and Publicity Secretary, Emma Powerful on their prime time news show. The… In "News" In what appeared to be a well-planned attack, about a dozen men armed with AK 47 and grenades on Saturday killed about eight people, including three security personnel, and set the country home of Governor Hope Uzodinma of Imo State at Omuma, Oru East Local Government Area of the state… In "News"