By IKECHUKWU IWEAJUNWA Imo Government has confirmed the attack on Gov. Hope Uzodimma’s house in Omuma Oru East council area on Saturday by unknown gunmen but failed to give the number of casualties recorded in the attack. The Commissioner for Information, Declan Emelumba, who confirmed the incident to newsmen, said few casualties were recorded after security men on guard repelled the attack. “Gallant security operatives this morning repelled an attack on the Omuma country home of the governor of Imo State, Sen Hope Uzodimma. “At about 9am today, Saturday, April 24, a group of hoodlums numbering about 15 and driving in a motorcade of three vehicles, accompanied by a tipper loaded with used tyres, stormed the country home of the governor and attempted to burn down the house. “However, vigilant security operatives attached to the Governor’s house successfully repelled the attack and consequently minimised damage,” he said. The commissioner further disclosed that in the ensued cross fire, few casualties were recorded. He said preliminary investigation suggests that the foiled attack may have been politically sponsored He said the governor has directed the relevant security agencies to expedite investigation on the incident and promptly apprehend the sponsors and their agents and bring them to justice. He said: “Yes, I can confirm the story, the hoodlums attacked the governor’s house by throwing in Petrol bomb as a result of which two cars were burnt, but the attackers were successfully repelled. “None of the building was set ablaze, however, one unarmed personnel of the NSCDC was killed in the process. “The hoodlums, while escaping, also killed a Police Sergeant and another NSCDC personnel, both in their private vehicles at Mgbidi junction.” (NAN) •Governor Hope Uzodinma OWERRI - Imo State Police Command has confirmed the attack on Governor Hope Uzodimma’s residence in Omuma Oru East council area on Saturday by hoodlums. The incident was confirmed by the Police Public Relations Officer, PPRO, Orlando Ikeokwo. He disclosed that a petrol bomb was used as… In "News" The Imo state governor, Hope Uzodimma‘s house at his hometown in Omuma, Oru East local government area of Imo state, on Saturday morning was attacked and set ablaze by suspected hoodlums in black and black attire.The attack which saw sympathizers, villagers struggled to extinguish the fire. As of the time… In "Top Stories" IMO State Governor, Hope Uzodinma, says aggrieved politicians in the country are sponsoring a “national crisis” in states controlled by the ruling All Progressives Congress in the South-East geo-political zone. Specifically, the governor said APC detractors were determined to bring down the regime of the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari… In "Politics"