The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has confirmed the death of three of its staff in a road accident in Borno.  The INEC National Commissioner and Chairman, Information and Voter Education Committee, Mr Festus Okoye, made the confirmation in a statement issued yesterday in Abuja. According to him, the three members of staff died in the course of national assignment. Two nurses were confirmed dead while 10 others sustained injuries in an accident involving a Toyota Hiace bus around Akinale Village on the Lagos-Abeokuta Expressway. The accident happened on Sunday, Mr Babatunde Akinbiyi, spokesperson, Traffic Compliance and Enforcement Corps (TRACE) told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abeokuta. He explained that the accident was caused by excessive speed, use of handset by the driver which resulted in his losing control of the vehicle. He noted that 18 people were involved in the accident, which comprised one male and 17 female nurses. Also, two other persons were confirmed dead while another sustained injuries in a road crash which occurred yesterday on the Ijebu Ode-Benin Expressway. Mr Babatunde Akinbiyi, Spokesperson, Traffic Compliance and Enforcement Corps (TRACE), told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abeokuta that the accident involved a Toyota Sienna car and a truck.   Source by Kola Adeyemi   Lokoja   -      Four staff members of Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), an NYSC member and a three-year-old girl died in an accident on Ajaokuta–Lokoja Road on Saturday, an official has confirmed. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) learnt in Lokoja on Sunday that the National Youth… In "Metro" Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  It has been reported that boat carrying some electoral materials to the riverine Ilaje communities of Ilaje Local Government Area of Ondo State has capsized. It was gathered that the boat carried some ad-hoc staffs of the Independent National Electoral Commission with some election materials in… In "Top Stories" Abiodun Lawal Abeokuta - Two nurses were confirmed dead on Sunday while 10 others sustained injuries in a lone accident involving a Toyota Hiace bus around Akinale Village on the Lagos-Abeokuta Expressway. Mr Babatunde Akinbiyi, Spokesperson, Traffic Compliance and Enforcement Corps (TRACE) confirmed the incident to the News Agency of… In "News"