Three persons have been killed in a clash between rival cult groups in Anambra State.  The clash happened Wednesday afternoon at different locations in Awka, the state capital.  One youth was killed in Umubele, while the other two were killed in Okpuno in Awka South council area. An eyewitness told The Nation that four young men alighted from a tricycle and opened fire on the boys at Okpuno. The incident at Umubele, according to a source, happened like a movie, sending residents scampering for safety. The source said, “Nobody is safe in Awka nowadays. These boys kill themselves on a daily basis, but the worst part of it is that policemen are helpless.” Police spokesman Ikenga Tochukwu confirmed the killings. He said, “It is an incident that involved suspected attack by rival cult groups. The victims were rushed to the hospital and confirmed dead by a medical doctor on arrival. “Meanwhile, the combined team of anti-cult operatives and divisional police personnel led by the DPO B Division Awka is right at the scene” An investigation was ongoing, Ikenga said.  Source ABUJA (SundiataPost)- Nine persons including six final year students of the Edo State-owned university, Ambrose Alli University, Ekpoma, have been reported killed at a graduation party. The party was held at Ihimudun road, Ekpoma in Esan West local government area. It was gathered that three of the deceased were former… In "Education" ONITSHA (ANAMBRA) - Two suspected cultists were killed, while 10 others sustained injuries, when two rival cult groups clashed at Nkpor community, near Onitsha in Anambra on Saturday. Mr Hassan Musa, the Divisional Police Officer (DPO) in-charge of Ogidi Divisional Police Headquarters, confirmed the incident in a telephone interview with… In "News" Five persons including a pharmacist have been killed following a violent clash involving two cult groups in Ugbokolo town, Okpokwu Local Government Area in Benue State. It was gathered that four of the victims were hacked to death on Monday night while the pharmacist, pictured, was killed in his shop… In "Metro"