Onitsha (Anambra), April 18, 2021 (NAN) Wife of Anambra Governor, Mrs Ebelechukwu Obiano, has urged women to evolve measures at stopping the recurring incidents of gender-based violence in the society.  Mrs Obiano made the appeal in a message to Catholic Women Organisation (CWO) in commemoration of ‘Mothering Sunday’. The message was signed by Mr Emeka Ozumba, the Deputy Chief Press Secretary to Gov. Obiano and made available to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN). The theme of this year’s Catholic Mothering Sunday is: “The Role of Women In Eliminating Discrimination and Gender-based Violence”. Mrs Obiano, who is also the Founder of Caring Family Enhancement Initiative (CAFE), advised women to promote the culture of tolerance and inclusiveness as a measure. According to her, everybody is called to be tolerant of one another and to promote equal access to opportunities and resources to everyone both in the family and at community level. “Above all, communication is key to building mutual understanding and bonding among couples. “Thus, with mutual respect, we are able to diffuse tension that arises from minor misunderstanding which if not properly managed leads to outbreak of regrettable violence,” she said. Mrs Obiano described the theme of this year’s celebration as “apt”, saying it recognised the central role of mothers in re-enforcing good values to check all forms of discrimination and gender-based violence. The First Lady advocated the deepening of relationship with children at home by making conscious effort at being their friend rather than someone they dread as well as holding regular discussion and sharing fun times. Mrs Obiano commended the state government’s inclusive approach which had ensured the accommodation of all shades of opinion and recognition of women in the scheme of things. She congratulated CWO on their special day and urged them to tap inspiration from the unique role of the Blessed Virgin Mary, who remained steadfast in trying times By Francis Onyeukwu Anam (Anambra) -   The wife of Anambra Governor, Mrs Ebelechukwu Obiano, has urged women in the state to be wealth creators by acquiring vocational skills. Mrs Obiano made the call on Friday at Umueze Anam, Anambra West Local Government Area of the state as part of… In "News" By Joy Mbachi Awka - The Wife of Anambra Governor, Mrs Ebelechukwu Obiano, has advocated the introduction of governmental and non-governmental initiatives to promote the inclusion of persons with disabilities (PWDs) in all socio-economic development plans. Obiano made the call in Awka on Tuesday in a message signed by Mr… In "News" By Peter Okolie Aguleri (Anambra) - Gov. Willie Obiano of Anambra on Friday, inaugurated a Farmers Support (FS) Initiative, to eradicate extreme poverty among rural farmers in the state. Speaking at the occasion at Aguleri in Anambra East Local Government Area, Obiano said his administration had earmarked N300 million as… In "News"