OWERRI – A criminologist, Mr Emeka Umeagbalasi, has identified 16 solutions to the current insecurity in the South East geo-political zone of Nigeria.Umeagbalasi, who is the board chairman of the International Society for Civil Liberties and the Rule of Law (Intersociety), outlined the 16 solutions in a paper he presented in Owerri, Imo State, at a workshop organised by the Neighborhood Environment Watch Foundation on the worsening security situation in the South East.The workshop, which held from 15 to 17 April 2012, was funded by Savannah Center for Diplomacy, Democracy and Development (SCDDD). Umeagbalasi lamented that out of 15 key Army and Police formations in the Southeast, 12 are headed by Muslims including 10 Fulani-Hausa Muslims and two Southwest Muslims and out of the 15, only one is Igbo and two others Hausa Christian (CP, Anambra) and South-south Christian (CP, Abia).He added that in the Southeast gateway states of Benue, Edo, Delta, Rivers, Cross River, Akwa Ibom and Bayelsa, out of their 15 key Army and Police formations, 13 are headed by Muslims including 10 Fulani-Hausa Muslims and two Southwest Muslims and only two are Christians including Rivers State Commissioner of Police who is from Delta State. Umeagbalasi listed the 16 critical solutions to Southeast insecurity as follows: •The Nigerian government must demilitarise the Southeast Region and its key outposts including its named gateway neighbors by removing them from the military and police siege and withdrawing all the deployed military and police personnel on their roads, boundaries and other strategic locations. •The flooding of the region and its outposts with Fulani-Hausa Muslim military and police commanders must be reversed and all the top officers named above and similar others removed or transferred out of the region and its outposts. The percentage of Muslim senior military and policing officers to be posted to the region and its named outposts must be drastically reduced to 30% so as to allow the Christian indigenous officers to fill 70% of the total slots or positions and give the indigenous citizens of the region a true sense of security and safety. •All Jihadist Fulani herdsmen, clandestinely aided and brought by the military and the police and permanently settled in farmlands, bushes and forests in the region and its key outposts must be moved out and relocated back to their northern bases and others where they were brought from. •The Nigerian government must discontinue its clandestine policy of turning Southern and Middle Belt Nigeria into Sharia or Caliphate colony and respect the country’s pluralistic composition and secular status or its multi-cultural composition including non-imposition of Islam as a state religion and respect for citizens’ freedom of religion and religious belief and freedom from discrimination on the grounds of ethnicity and religion, etc. •The constitutional rights to citizens’ freedom of residency and movement and ownership of property must no longer be misconstrued and misinterpreted by government. These guaranteed rights are practicable and operable only to the extent of them being in strict conformity with the country’s Criminal laws and procedures and the Chapter Four of its 1999 Constitution and the ratified and domesticated African Charter on Human and People’s Rights Act of 2004 including rights of citizens of the country to peacefully and nonviolently reside in urban residential areas anywhere in Nigeria and own moveable and immoveable properties. In other words, the Constitution does not guarantee any citizen right to live violently outside his or her area of birth or move into another farmland or bush or forest and settle in same with small arms and light weapons and engage in terror-jihadist acts. •The Nigerian government must frontally address and reverse the top security appointment imbalances highlighted above especially flooding key military and policing formations in the Southeast Region and its outposts with senior military and policing officers of Fulani-Hausa and Southwest Muslim backgrounds and revert back to Constitutional Sections 10, 14 (3), 42 and 217 (3) in balancing the appointments and postings. •Until the named top security posts’ imbalances are addressed and reversed, the Southeast governors must steer clear or stay away from raising a regional security outfit and allow same to be operated by non state actors with capacity of being more independent and effective. Instead, the Southeast Governors, in consultation with critical indigenous stakeholders, shall send anti open grazing and odd hours grazing bills and get them passed into law by the Houses of Assembly of the Southeast Region and possibly that of Delta State. •There should be a special probe panel to criminally investigate the listed massacres or butcheries so as to fish out the perpetrators and put them on trial or hand them over to ICC (International Criminal Court) for international prosecution and victims of the butcheries must be carefully and harmlessly identified and adequately compensated or catered for. •The proscription of IPOB must be revisited and reversed; likewise that of Islamic Movement in Nigeria or Shiite Muslims and all their members presently abducted and held in secret dungeons by the Army, Police and DSS must be freed and all pending criminal proceedings against them and their members dropped and discontinued in all the courts across the country. •The Nigerian government must reverse its renewed crackdown on IPOB activists and other innocent citizens labeled so and unconditionally release or free not less than 500 IPOB activists and innocent others secretly abducted across Eastern Nigeria since January 2021 by DSS, Army and Police  and presently held in secret locations within and outside Eastern Nigeria without court bail and trial. Not only that the abducted Igbo citizens are presently undergoing torture and other inhuman and degrading treatments or punishments but also scores are most likely to have faced unlawful executions and extrajudicial killings in captivity. •It is shocking that till date, the Nigerian fovernment and its Army is still holding in secrecy since October/November 2020 hundreds of citizens of Anambra, Imo, Abia, Ebonyi and Enugu States who are residents of Obigbo in Rivers State. The abductees include Citizen Elvis Chigbu and 109 others secretly abducted since past six months and presently held at the Nigerian Army Commando Base in far away Bida, Niger State. All the abductees numbering over 200 must be freed. •Federal and Southeast governments must genuinely enter into credible negotiations with IPOB and other pro-Biafra groups and decriminalise all their lawful activities especially those bordering on regionally and internationally recognised rights to self determination including ethnic identity, existence, development and freedom of worship and religion or freedom to hold religious beliefs without persecution or state terrorisation. •The Nigerian government must end its sustained policy of  political and economic exclusion and segregation against the Southeast region, its outposts and their populations and capture the region and its outposts in the mainstream of the country’s social, economic, technological and political developments, projects and processes. •There should be a national dialogue/constitutional conference, to be attended by representatives of all ethnic nationalities in Nigeria and other indigenous stakeholders. The representatives to such national dialogue/constitutional conference should be drawn according to population size of every ethnic nationality, using the United Nations national and constituent population projections for the country. •The national dialogue/constitutional conference should address the concerns of Nigerians including the type of government (i.e. regionalism or federalism or confederacy and security arrangements such as decentralization of the military and policing forces), religious practices and freedoms and a new constitution to be put in place to replace the non inclusive and militarist 1999 Constitution. •The conference should also be allowed to determine whether Nigeria will continue peacefully and harmoniously as one or be peacefully divided autonomously or regionally or independently with six new republics; namely: “Kanuri Republic”, “Arewa Republic”, “Middle Belt Republic”, “Oduduwa Republic”, “Republic of Igbo” and “Niger Delta Republic” or “Republic of Biafra” (one country for Peoples of Old Mid West and Old Eastern Nigeria, now Southeast and South-south). ....says outfit can never operate successfully in the Southeast Region because top security are in the hands of officers from other regions. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - International Society for Civil Liberties and Rule of Law has dismissed the panicky setting up of new security outfit called "Ebubuagu"… In "Top Stories" According to an Intersociety report, the Northern Muslim Police Chiefs led by State Commissioners of Police or CPs, joined by DCPs/ACPs-OPS, DCPs/ACPs-State CIDs, Area Commanders or ACs and DPOs or Divisional Police Officers, presently working in the Southeast part of Eastern Nigeria, are indiscriminately arresting, framing and detaining hundreds of… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko  Abuja  (Sundiata Post) -  Int’l Society for Civil Liberties & Rule of Law (INTERSOCIETY) has complained against recent  lopsided promotions  in the Army and Navy which it alleged does not conform to the secularity and socio-cultural plurality of Nigeria. The group which boasts of providing a lead… In "News"