Abuja  – The Minister of Special Duties, Dr George Akume, on Tuesday in Abuja called for a legal framework for the management of internally displaced population in Nigeria and inter-agency collaboration.  Akume said this would help to avoid duplication of duties and promote effective implementation of programmes. The minister made the call in his welcome address at the official book launch titled “A Planner’s Perspective on Disaster and Conflicts; Issues of Force Displaced of Persons Management in Nigeria” The 352 pages and eight-chapter book was written by Dr Bassey Etim-Ekang, the Director of Human Resource in the Ministry of Special Duties. It was reviewed by Prof. Oshita Oshita, Professor of Peace and Development Studies, Department of Philosophy, the University of Calabar in Cross River. Akume said the challenges facing Nigeria included but not limited to inadequate emergency preparedness and response, the gap between relief material management and durable development project. “There is a need for institutional and legal framework for the management of internally displaced population in Nigeria and also inter-agency collaboration which will eliminate duplicative efforts and activities. “The lack of a defined strategy and appropriate national framework of cooperation amongst relevant agencies and institutions to designed sustainable action plan for medium-long term projects have been a huge deficit for policymakers. “Therefore, all efforts to minimise the vicious cycle of violent conflicts and crisis arising from abject poverty and deprivation including lack of inclusive management structure have just been put in place by the Ministry,” Akume said. Akume said Nations on the path of development normally pass through what Nigeria is passing today, adding that other developed countries have worst cases than Nigeria. According to him, Nigeria is a beautiful country that belongs to all Nigerians and that the people have what it takes to make the country great, only if they put their heads together. “Little issues or challenges should not distract us from the journey towards greatness”. Speaking, the Chairman of the event, Alhaji Kassim Ibrahim-Imam, said that the country was confronted with serious security challenges in the North-East and North-West. He said people in 20 out of 27 local government areas in Borno were displaced, adding that the launching of the book at this time was very apt. Ibrahim-Imam is also the Chairman of Governing Board of TETFUND. Also speaking, the Plateau Governor, Mr Simon Lalong, said that peace was very instrumental to the development and peaceful existence. “I hope the book will help, not only Plateau but me as the Chairman of Northern Governor’s Forum where we are facing crisis of insecurity”. Lalong purchased 17 copies for the 17 local governments in the state and another 19 copies for the 19 Northern Governors. The book reviewer, Prof. Oshita Oshita represented by the editor of the book, Mr Victor Wilfred said the book was made of up 352 pages and eight chapters with theoretical and empirical analysis. The former Deputy Senate President, Alhaji Ibrahim Mantu said all Nigerians were created by God and urged them to embrace each other regardless of ethnic or religious background. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that those in attendance include, staff of Ministries of Defence, Communication and Digital Economy, and Justice. Others were Africa Import and Export Bank, ECOWAS Bank for Development, Nasarawa State University and many others. Over 120 copies of the books were sold at the launch. By Okon Okon Abuja - The Federal Government has set up a plan to fulfil its pledge of lifting 100 million Nigerians out of poverty, by creating jobs through different Ministries, Departments and Agencies (MDAs). The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) recalls that President Muhammadu Buhari in his 2019 Democracy… In "Politics" By Okon Okon Abuja - Dr George Akume, Minister of Special Duties and Intergovernmental Affairs has applauded the Tertiary Education Trust Fund (TETFUND) for its services to the education sector, saying it could perform better with availability of financial supports. Akume gave the commendation when he received the Committee of… In "News" By Okon Okon   Abuja -  The Federal Government has concluded plans to distribute 2, 000 buses to cushion the effects of transportation on Nigerians, especially those living in rural dwellers. Dr George Akume, Minister of Special Duties and Intergovernmental Affairs, made this known on Friday at the interactive he… In "Politics"