By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –    The Man Usman Alkali Baba, the newly appointed Acting Inspector General of Police, was born on 1st March, 1963 in Gaidam, Yobe State. He enlisted in the Nigeria Police on 15th March,1988.He was until his appointment a Deputy Inspector-General of Police, Force Criminal Investigation Department, Force Headquarters. He holds a Teacher’s Grade II Certificate (TC II) from Teachers College, Potiskum, Yobe State in 1980. He obtained a BA (ED) Political Science from Bayero University, Kano in 1985. He has a Masters Degree in Public Administration (MPA) obtained from University of Maiduguri, Borno State in 1997. In his curriculum vitae, he said that his policing vision is, “To enhance police primacy in Nigeria through the provision of a motivational and credible leadership driven by professional knowledge, ethics, emotional intelligence tools, and strategic planning and operational models that are directed at stabilizing internal security and modernizing police operations, facilities and standards within the framework of citizens, consent, trust, and rule of law.” President Muhammadu Buhari on Tuesday announced DIG Usman Alkali Baba as acting Inspector-General of Police (IGP). According to the Minister of Police Affairs, Maigari Dingyadi, the appointment takes immediate effect. The Yobe born Police chief has held several strategic positions in the past. Here are few things to know about… In "News" The Inspector-General of Police, IGP M.A Adamu, NPM, mni has approved the posting of Deputy Inspector General of Police, DIG Sanusi N. Lemu, mni and Assistant Inspector-General of Police, AIG Usman Alkali Baba, fdc as DIG in-charge of the Department of Operations and Ag. DIG in-charge of Finance and Administration,… In "Security" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - President Muhammadu Buhari has fired Mohammed Adamu and appointed Mr. Usman Alkali Baba, a Deputy Inspector General of Police (DIG) as Acting Inspector General of Police. The sack and appointment take with immediate effect. This piece of information was broken in Abuja today… In "Top Stories"