Details how Saidu Afaka, the late official driver of President Muhammadu Buhari died have emerged.  According to SaharaReporters, Afaka was detained by the Department of State Services, tortured before being rushed to the State House Clinic, Abuja, where he later died. Top sources revealed to Sahara Reporters that Afaka, who was arrested by the DSS for tricking his principal to sign a fraudulent document to make millions of naira, was abandoned in a two-bedroom apartment at the Aso Drive DSS apartments till he became sick. The sources noted that when Afaka fell ill, he was rushed to the ill-equipped State House Clinic, instead of being taken to a well-grounded facility where he could get intensive medical care. “The driver was approached to help to ask Buhari to approve payments for some Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation contracts. He was also arrested and detained by the DSS; he was fired shortly. A former aide-de-camp to Buhari reported the matter to the DSS. “Afaka was arrested with Buhari’s chief detail officer, Ya’u, a Master Sergeant Warrant in the army. Since Afaka’s release four months ago, Afaka had been sick and attended to by Aso Rock clinic doctors. The clinic has no medical equipment despite huge allocations to it annually. “Afaka lived and died in a two-bedroom apartment at the Aso Drive DSS apartments. His co-workers are furious that despite his services, Buhari refused to give him proper medical care he afforded himself,” the source revealed. The Presidency had on Tuesday announced Afaka’s death in a release, saying he died after a prolonged sickness. The statement by Presidential spokesman, Garba Shehu, however, avoided the grim facts that Afaka was earlier tortured by the DSS for tricking Buhari to sign a multi-million-naira deal, and he was abandoned at the State House Clinic to die. In the statement, Buhari had extended heartfelt condolences to the family of the deceased. The statement read, “President Muhammadu Buhari extends heartfelt condolences to the family of Afaka on the passing of Master Warrant Officer, Sa’idu Afaka, his official driver, who died at the State House Clinic on Tuesday after a prolonged illness. “President Buhari, who also commiserates with the government and people of Kaduna State, described the late Afaka as an honest, capable and reliable person who handled his job with utmost care and responsibility. “The President recalls that in 2016, the soldier, while on pilgrimage in Saudi Arabia, picked up a bag containing a large amount of foreign currencies and turned it over to the National Hajj Commission, an action which earned him praises from the Saudi and Nigerian authorities. “President Buhari prays Almighty Allah to ‘bless the soul of the departed with an elevated place in heavens,’ committing the family and friends to divine comfort and patience.” Afaka’s death comes a few days after SaharaReporters exposed how he tricked Buhari to sign a fraudulent document to make millions of naira. It was learnt that the whole affair was however hushed up by the Presidency, which did not want another scandal in the press. “The fraud was perpetrated some weeks ago but it was kind of hushed up so that it would not leak to the press,” the source said. SaharaReporters further gathered that it is generally known in the President’s circle and among his cabinet members that Buhari has been showing some symptoms such as forgetfulness, limited social skills and impaired thinking abilities. Therefore, he does not go through the rigours of reading reports or properly vetting documents as required of his office. It was learnt that the President’s former ADC, who recently left, reported the deal to the DSS as he was not carried along in the deal. “The driver made the President sign a fraudulent document. The man is the main driver of the President. He got the President to sign a document from which he made millions of naira, capitalising on Buhari’s dementia. “He was subsequently arrested by the DSS and detained for several days. The ADC to the President who recently left reported the deal to the DSS after finding out that he was sidestepped in the deal,” the source had added.  Source President Muhammadu Buhari has extended heartfelt condolences to the family of Afaka on the passing of Sa’idu Afaka, his official driver, who died at the State House Clinic on Tuesday after a prolonged illness. The president’s condolence message is contained in a statement by his Senior Special Assistant on Media… In "News" Godwin Chukwudi Julius Akano The family of a man named Godwin Chukwudi Julius Akano, 48, who died while in police detention, are asking for answers from the police. The late Julius, an importer of goods from Europe, was arrested on May 22 for alleged complicity in a case of fraud… In "News" •Governor Nyesom Wike of Rivers State ONITSHA (Sundiata Post) - Human rights group, the International Society for Civil Liberties & Rule of Law (Intersociety), has said the number of innocent and defenceless Obigbo residents in Rivers State secretly abducted and made to disappear for over four months by soldiers of… In "Top Stories"