The Lagos State Environmental and Special Offences Unit (Task Force), on Tuesday, impounded 81 motorcycles for plying restricted routes in the state.  A statement issued by Femi Moliki, Head, Public Affairs of the agency, said that the motorcycles were impounded at Jakande Estate, Isolo, for plying restricted routes and endangering the lives of other road users. The statement quoted the Chairman of the agency, CSP Shola Jejeloye, who led the operation, as saying that the seizure was in line with enforcement of the state Traffic Law and to halt the flagrant abuse of traffic laws by motorcyclists. Jejeloye said that government was concerned with the recklessness of motorcyclists on restricted routes, adding, therefore, that it had become necessary to help the motorcyclists by saving their own lives and those of other road users. He also said that government would not fold its arms and allow motorcyclists create chaos for other road users on prohibited routes. Jejeloye added that it had become crucial for government to prevent an increase in the trend of crime perpetrated by motorcyclists in the metropolis, particularly in prohibited routes. He restated the agency’s commitment to continue the clamp down on recalcitrant motorcyclists plying restricted routes, adding that the move would help safeguard the security of lives and property. The chairman called for the cooperation of Lagosians by desisting from boarding motorcycles in prohibited areas, emphasising that the state traffic law is in the larger interest of the society. (NAN) By Moses Omorogieva Lagos, - Seven motorcyclists were on Saturday arrested for allegedly attacking officials of the Lagos State Task Force on Environment, while 92 motorcycles were impounded for violating traffic laws in the state. The Chairman of the Task Force, CSP Olayinka Egbeyemi, confirmed this on Sunday in a… In "Metro" By Moses Omorogieva Lagos - The Lagos State Government says it has arrested 10 riders of the new commercial motorcycles outfits known as ‘GOKADA’ and ‘MAXOKADA’ and impounded 23 other motorcycles for allegedly violating the restricted routes law. The Chairman of Lagos State Environmental Task Force, CSP Olayinka Egbeyemi, confirmed… In "Metro" 88 cars which were seized by the Lagos State Task Force on Environmental Sanitation and Special Offences (Enforcement Unit) from traffic violators would be auctioned. It was gathered that the forfeited vehicles were impounded for driving against the traffic in different parts of the state. According to the Chairman of… In "News"