The attention of the Board and Management of the Federal Inland Revenue Service has once again been drawn to the nefarious activities of fraudsters impersonating the Executive Chairman of the Service and sending text messages to very important personalities requesting them to forward details of their candidates to FIRS for job placement in the Service. This is in addition to some criminally-minded persons who have been going round defrauding unsuspecting job seekers of their hard-earned money through dubious employment scheme. It is rather unfortunate that this is still going on despite the fact that some of the perpetrators of this illegal job racketeering have been arrested and are being charged to court. The Service wishes to emphatically dissociate itself from this recruitment scam, and is using this disclaimer to serve a very strong warning to those involved in this job scam and racketeering to desist forthwith or else the full weight of the law would be brought on anyone caught in this detestable act. The Service also wishes to reiterate that whenever it decides to carry out recruitment the general public would be notified through appropriate channels of communication. The Service is also using this opportunity to reassure the public that whenever the time comes for recruitment due process would be followed. No candidate would be required to pay anything to be employed into the Service. The general public is once again advised to be wary of carrying out any cash transactions with anybody or group of persons for the purpose of job placement in the Service, or should report such people to the appropriate authorities. The public is urged to always clarify any information about recruitment in the Service with Management. Please be guided. Signed: Muhammad Nami Executive Chairman, FIRS RECRUITMENT SCAM: A DISCLAIMERThe Board and Management of the Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS) hereby notifies the general public of the activities of fraudsters extorting unsuspecting job seekers under the pretense of getting them jobs in the Service. Already, these criminally-minded persons have defrauded many innocent Nigerians of their hard-earned… In "Top Stories" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate has dropped the planned probe of its members for job scam after it was discovered that both the leadership and all the senators were involved the sharing of Ministries, Departments and Agencies (MDAs’) employment slots among their families and friends. The lid was blown… In "Top Stories" by Femi Ogunshola A report by the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime, claimed that 32 per cent of Nigerians gave bribe to enable them secure employment into the public service in 2019 Country Representatives of UNODC, Oliver Stolpe, stated this at the 18th Anti-Corruption Situation Room (ACSR), organised… In "News"