Following the attack on Governorship aspirant, Prof. Charles Soludo, on Wednesday, March 31, a suspect has been arrested by the Anambra State Police Command.  Unknown gunmen attacked the former CBN Governor at Isuofia, in Aguata Local Government Area of Anambra State, during a meeting with the youths of the community. Three of his security details were killed during the attack. A statement released by the spokesperson of the state police command, DSP Ikenganya Tochukwu, says the state’s Commissioner of Police, Bala Kuryas, led a team of security operatives for an on-the-spot assessment at the site of the incident and arrested one person in connection with the act. Tochukwu added that the Police boss also visited Prof. Soludo, who is a governorship aspirant in the State, to reinforce the security apparatus in his residence and the community at large. ”The CP while condemning the act, commiserates with the family and friends of the officers who paid the supreme price, ordered the immediate launch of a tacit investigation to unravel the mystery behind the incidence, as well as to bring perpetrators of the barbaric act to book. ” the statement read in part.  Source By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Vice Presidential Candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party in the 2019 general election and former governor of Anambra State, Dr Peter Obi has condemned the reported attack on Prof Charles Soludo where three of his security aides were allegedly shot dead. The former… In "Top Stories" Former Central Bank Governor, Prof Chukwuma Soludo, is safe, the Commissioner of Police in Anambra State, Monday Kuryas, has said. Kuryas spoke on Channels Television, after gunmen attacked Soludo on Wednesday and killed three of his police orderlies. The incident happened in Soludo’s home town in Isiofia in the Aguata… In "News" A couple of minutes ago, unknown gunmen disrupted an interactive session between Isuofia youths and a former Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria, Prof Chukwuma Soludo at the town’s civic centre. Two policemen were reportedly shot dead. There is a serious stampede now in Afuzo area of Isuofia which… In "News"