Dr. Mahmud Tukur, a former Minister of Commerce and Industry and the First Vice Chancellor of Bayero University Kano (BUK), who died in Abuja, on Friday, after a brief illness, has been buried in Yola, according to Islamic rites. Late Tukur, who was born in 1939 in Yola, Adamawa state, Northeastern Nigeria, obtained his First Degree in International Affairs and Political science from the University of Wales, a Masters in Public International Affairs from the university of Pittsburg, USA and a PhD in Public Management from Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria. During the course of his academic career, he was the Director of the Institute of Administration, A.B.U., Zaria, and later the first Vice Chancellor of Bayero University, Kano (BUK).In his other career as a public servant, late Tukur served on the Adebo and Udoji National Wage Reviews and the Constitution Drafting Committee of 1976, member of the National Constitutional Conference 1994/1995 and of the Vision 2010 Committee 1997.In 1984, he was appointed Minister of Commerce and Industry in the military regime of Maj.-Gen. Muhammadu Buhari.Until his death, he was the Chairman, Fukarabe Industries Limited, Director of Cadbury, Nigeria plc, and the coordinator of Policy Analysis Limited. In his lifetime, he authored and co-authored many books and academic works, prominent among his books is: ”Leadership and governance in Nigeria : The Relevance of Values” ( 1999).The late Tukur is survived by three wives, nine children and many grandchildren, as well as brothers and sisters.Prominent among his brothers is Alhaji Bamanga Tukur, the former Governor of defunct Gongola state, one-time Minister of Industries, and former National Chairman of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP). ( NAN) Dr Mahmud Tukur, an ex- minister of Commerce and Industry, is dead. He died from undisclosed ailment in the early hours of Friday, April 9, in Abuja. Close family members, who confirmed the death to Daily Trust, said he died after he was rushed to a hospital in Abuja from… In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Kano state government has demanded an unequivocal apology from the management of East Carolina University over a controversial appointment offered by Governor Abdullahi Ganduje into the position of Senior Mentoring Scholar and Visiting Full Professor of e-governance and International Affairs in the university on November 30,… In "Top Stories" The Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) has pledged to increase collaboration with higher institutions of learning across the country in order to transform Nigeria into a full knowledge-based economy. The Chairman, Board of Commissioners of NCC, Prof. Adeolu Akande, stated this during a courtesy visit by NCC Board members to Bayero… In "News"