A pan-Igbo think-tank, Nzuko Umunna, said yesterday that the late Afenifere spokesman, Yinka Odumakin, would be missed for his role in strengthening the bond between the Southeast and the Southwest.  Chairman of Board of Trustees Prof. Pat Utomi led a delegation of Igbo and Yoruba leaders, including former minister Modupe Adelaja on a condolence visit to the families of Messrs Yinka Odumakin and Innocent Chukwuma. Utomi said Odumakin played a pivotal role as one of the facilitators of the “Handshake Across the Niger” conference, an initiative of Nzuko Umunna, which was hosted by Ohanaeze Ndigbo and Afenifere. He said the late Odumakin was “instrumental in rekindling the bond of brotherhood between Ndigbo and their Yoruba brethren,” adding that this would go down in history as one of his many laudable contributions to peace-building and national development. Utomi said the late Chukwuma was a towering figure in Nigeria’s human rights community, adding that his exploits, especially during the volatile military era, would remain indelible in the annals of Nigeria’s history. He prayed for the repose of the souls of the departed activists. The delegation was received by the spouses of the deceased. Members of the delegation included Senator Chris Anyanwu, Lady Onyeka Onwenu, Amb. Folake Marcus-Bello, Pastor Paul Bankole, Mr. Chido Nwakanma, Mr. Greg Muonyililo and Mr. Pat Okoye.  Source An elder brother of Yinka Odumakin, the late spokesperson of Afenifere, Pastor Jacob Odumakin, on Monday said a prophecy had revealed impending death of the right activist. Yinka died on Saturday after battling with respiratory problems occasioned by COVID-19 complications. The senior Odumakin in a chat with our correspondent said… In "Features" Ahead of the election of a new Ohanaeze Ndigbo President-General in January next year, the Director-General of Voice of Nigeria (VON), Osita Okechukwu has appealed to Ndigbo to vote for a true Zikist among the five candidates from Imo State vying for the position. Okechukwu insisted that the next Ohanaeze… In "News" •Yinka Odumakin IBADAN (Sundiata Post) - Governor 'Seyi Makinde of Oyo State has described the death of the national publicity decretary of the pan-Yoruba socio-political organisation, Afenifere, Mr. Yinka Odumakin, as a personal loss of a good brother, and a great loss to the Yoruba race.Makinde, who stated that the… In "Top Stories"