By Victor Oso Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  Nigerians have been applauding and celebrating the medical feat and ingenuity of inventor, Dr. Chibuike Chukwudu, whose carton – improvised incubator saved a premature new born from death, because there was no modern incubator in the (unnamed) hospital in the country. Dr. Chukwudu also, used slippers to construct a cervical collar to save an accident victim from choking to death. Both are alive today. These revelations, which has generated widespread reactions on the social media, were revealed in an online platform: IGBO History and Facts. According to Ezi nwaanyị@Simply_Toochi “Yeah doctor Cj deserves this celebration. Nigeria almost killed him and now he has left. Omo we celebrated his departure. Better than RIP for this fine man whose Facebook page is a pleasure to visit.”In his contribution, Boris Nwachukwu @CBN9 said“Although we applaud him for being innovative, we must also consider what this does to his esteem. Of course he saved lives. Should he be subjected to such medieval mode of practicing medicine in a nation of abundance? This is why many doctors leave the practice or simply emigrate.” Ugonma @YveeSF enthused: “I’m quite acquainted with this doctor. Not seen anyone like him.” In her contribution, Chinwe Amaka@ChinweEgbu said, “This is the height of Igbo excellence. King!”Joining the fray, Johnnie Ucheibe @JUcheibe “These are the kind of people we should celebrate and these are the kind of Doctors we need. Kudos to a great man.”  ACCRA, Ghana -- Is social entrepreneurship the new face of development? A recent impact report released by Reach for Change suggests it might be. Social entrepreneurs across Africa are contributing to advances in education, healthcare, financial inclusion, environmental protection and other social issues. This was highlighted in the Reach for… In "Business" By Ikenna Uwadileke Abuja - Dr Rowland Amadi, Chief Executive Officer, Blueprint Industrial Company, on Sunday urged the Federal Government to increase support for industrial research to boost the country’s economy.Amadi, an inventor of fire proof crystal ceiling board made of fibre glass and raisin, made the call in a… In "News" By Ikenna Uwadileke Abuja - The Chief Whip of the Senate, Sen. Orji Kalu, on Friday in Abuja, described the death of renowned Scientist and Car Inventor, Dr Ezekiel Izuogu as a huge loss to Nigeria. In a statement issued by the Office of the Senate Chief Whip, Kalu said… In "Politics"