KADUNA – Two more students of Greenfield University, Kaduna have been killed by bandits, an official said in a statement Monday. Commissioner, Ministry of Internal Security and Home Affairs, Kaduna State, Samuel Aruwan who disclosed this development in a statement the corpses have been retrieved and evacuated to a mortuary. Aruwan said, “On a sad note, security agencies have just reported to the Kaduna State Government the recovery of two more dead bodies of Greenfield University students, killed by armed bandits today, Monday 26th April 2021. “The retrieved corpses have been evacuated to a mortuary, and the university has been notified of the development.” He added that “The Government of Kaduna State under the leadership of Malam Nasir El-Rufai is saddened by this evil perpetrated against innocent students abducted while pursuing their education for a glorious future. “The Government sends its deep empathy to their families and the university management, and prays for the repose of their souls,” Aruwan said.This brings to five the number of abducted students of the university that have been killed by the bandits that kidnapped them last week. Kaduna State Government has announced the tragic killing of three of the abducted students of Greenfield University. The actual number of students abducted by bandits had yet to be confirmed as of the time of this report, more than 72 hours after the incident. The remains of the three students… In "Top Stories" The bandits who attacked Greenfield University along the Kaduna-Abuja Highway in Kaduna State on Tuesday night, killed a porter of the institution, identified as Paul Okafor. The assailants also kidnapped a yet-to-be ascertained number of students, said to be mainly females, it was learnt. The bandits stormed the school located… In "News" The identities of the three students of Greenfield University, Kaduna killed by bandits, have been revealed. The corpses of the victims, who were abducted on their school campus on Tuesday night, were found on Friday, according to the Kaduna State government. Commissioner for Internal Security and Home Affairs, said their… In "News"