Music label executive, Ubi Franklin has cried out that he doesn’t have a 5th babymama.  He made this known while addressing the fight between his fourth baby mama, Sandra Iheuwa and his alleged new girlfriend Adesuwa Renee. The businessman who went live on Instagram, accused Sandra and her friends of creating a WhatsApp group where they denigrated Renee. He also claimed that this unprovoked attack never stopped even after the WhatsApp group chat was leaked to blogs. Asking why Sandra must be his only baby mama to bring him to social media, Ubi stated that he is not married to her and the only attachment they have is their daughter. He also averred that she cannot control who she meets or becomes friends with. The businessman also warned her to stop making people think that he is requesting for romantic or sexual relationship from her. Also debunking claim of having a fifth baby mama, Ubi said if he had one he will proudly bring it up on social media. He further slammed trolls who constantly abuse him by telling them to ”test their strength” with him when they see him on the street. Watch the video below: A post shared by Lindaikejiblog (@lindaikejiblogofficial) Ubi Franklin 4th US-based baby mama, Sandra Iheuwa has taken to her social media page to flaunt her curvy shape on the gram. Recall that Sandra Iheuwa was some time ago involved in a bitter exchange with Ubi over his refusal to take responsibility of his child. They later settled… In "Style" As earlier reported by Sundiata Post, just few weeks after Triple MG boss, Ubi Franklin announced the birth of his 3rd child, another baby - a 4th from the 4th lady - is on it's way. Triple MG boss, Ubi Franklin is expecting his fourth child with a U.S-based Nigerian… In "Entertainment" Music executive, Ubi Franklin has been exposed by his alleged 4th babymama, Sandra Iheuwa who made shocking claims about the man.  Ubi and Sandra Ubi Franklin’s alleged 4th babymama, Sandra Iheuwa, the U.S-based Nigerian business woman has taken to Instagram to call out the music executive accusing him of deceiving and… In "Entertainment"