Some hoodlums stabbed Oluwakemi Odugbesan, a mother of three, to death in the Oduntan area of Ketu, a suburb in Lagos State, on Saturday morning. The victim was killed when they were trying to rob her of her mobile phone and handbag, according to AF 24 News, an online platform. The 41-year-old victim was attacked while returning home from a vigil around 6am. The incident occurred a few meters away from Oduntan gate where she lived. Minutes after carrying out the heinous act, one of the attackers used the victim’s mobile phone to call her mother and inform her of the dastardly act. A witness said the victim, who is the first of her parent’s five children, was stabbed three times on the chest. Though she was rushed to Azir Hospital on Oduntan Street, she died as a result of losing a lot of blood. The case was reported at the Ketu Police Station by family members of the victim, who have remained distraught since the tragic incident. Odugbesan was killed on her husband’s birthday. The two of them were weeks away from relocating to Canada when Odugbesan’s life was brutally cut short. The entire Ketu community has been in panic mode since the tragic incident. Once one of the safest places in Ketu, Oduntan Street and environs have in recent times become among the most dangerous places in Lagos due largely to the menace of armed hoodlums, who waylay and attack residents heading out early in the morning or returning home at night. (Daily Trust) LAGOS - A 34-year-old civil servant, Segun Oluyara, on Tuesday appeared before a Yaba Chief Magistrates' Court in Lagos over alleged rape of a 15-year-old girl. [pro_ad_display_adzone id="10"] Oluyara, who resides at No. 36, Oduntan St., Ketu, Lagos, is facing a charge of unlawful sexual intercourse. you may also like E-commerce:… In "News" Operatives of the Lagos Police Command have arrested eight suspected traffic robbers in Ketu. The suspects, Olawuyi Olayinka, 27, Mayowa Adeleke, 17, Fa’izu Ado, 25, Segun Oluwatoyin, 27, Haruna Shuaibu, 29, Amos Abayomi, 24, Monday Obayemi, 25 and Okunlola Olawale, 21, were apprehended between Thursday night and Friday morning. According… In "News" By Segun Oye, IBADAN The people of Alaja community in Moniya, Ibadan, Akinyele Local Government Area of Oyo state came under attack by unknown assailants this morning (Monday) leaving two women seriously injured. According to eye witness, the assailants stormed the community around 10.00am, macheting a woman, Mrs. Adeola Bamidele,… In "Metro"