Professor George Obiozor, the President-General of the Igbo socio-political organisation, Ohanaeze Ndigbo has spoken on plans to make sure an Igbo man or woman emerges President in 2023.  Obiozor said Igbos would negotiate with other regions to allow an Igbo presidency in 2023. He spoke while appearing on Arise Television. Obiozor said: “We support Igbo president with open arms. It is the most important thing that will happen to Igbos. Finally, it is our turn. And we are going to work it so hard. “We will talk to other parts of Nigeria to give us a chance. Because it is right, reasonable, deserving and timely. It is wonderful to consider it done by this time. Igbo presidency is our agenda.” Recall that Suleiman Ukandu, a chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, had urged the Southeast to partner with other regions in the push for 2023 presidency. Ukandu, who is the immediate past Commissioner of Lands and Survey in Abia State, said Igbos must go beyond ethnicity and convince other regions that they can ensure national integration, if given the opportunity.  Source The apex Igbo socio-cultural Organisation, Ohanaeze Ndigbo, has warned that any political party in the country that denies the zone 2023 presidential ticket will regret the action. This, according to the Igbo group is because there are many other ways to kill a rat. The Deputy National Vice President of… In "Politics" The Youth Council of the Apex Igbo socio-cultural organization Ohanaeze Ndigbo says it is time a Nigerian of Igbo extraction becomes president of Nigeria. Addressing a press conference in Abakaliki, the Ebonyi state capital, the general secretary of the council, Mazi Okwu Nnabuike advised Igbos to united ahead of the… In "News" The Ebonyi State Governor David Umahi has been warned not to trade the chances of the South East in 2023 presidential election by his planned defection to the All Progressives Congress (APC) this week. It was reported that Governor Umahi confirmed his defection during a stakeholders meeting in his Uburu… In "Politics"