At least 10 persons have died and 400 hospitalised after drinking expired citric acid powdered drinks in Kano state.  Among those hospitalised are 50 patients undergoing kidney- related treatment, because of complications arising from consumption of the killer drinks, Kano Commissioner for Health, Aminu Ibrahim Tsanyawa disclosed on Thursday. Speaking in a video, which was made available to newsmen in Kano State Thursday, the Commissioner explained that the affected persons are being treated in government hospitals. He cautioned residents on consumption of juice during the period of Ramadan, to avoid catastrophic consequences. Tsanyawa, in his one minute, twenty one seconds video message said: ”As you are aware, the Ministry of Health had in the recent past announced the outbreak of a strange disease traceable to the consumption of substandard juices. “The consumption of these fake or substandard products have telling effects on the kidney, and vital organs of the body.” The Consumer Protection Council has been investigating the incident, conducting searches in Kano markets and making seizures. It was gathered the batches of some of the products show that the drinks had expired over a year ago.  Source *Grapefruit juice associated with dangerous complications on patients with long QT syndrome Consuming fruit juices is just as bad for your health and likely to lead to an early death as drinking cola or lemonade, research suggests. A new study found an increased risk of dying early from any cause… In "Features" KANO - The Kano State Police Command said it had arrested the two suspects it earlier declared wanted in connection with the recent wedding party tragedy in Kano metropolis. This is contained in a statement signed by the command’s Public Relations Officer, Mr Magaji Majiya, in Kano on Wednesday. It… In "News" A message advising Nigerians to take their bath with hot water mixed with salt in order to avoid the Ebola Virus Disease (EVD) went viral overnight. The ‘salt antidote’ has claimed more lives than the dreaded disease itself. He was named Stephen Obadaye, but for those around him where he… In "Features"