The war against insurgency in the country will be revved up soon with the expected arrival of six Super Tucano light attack aircraft from the United States (U.S.) mid-July.  Already, Nigerian Air Force (NAF) 14 personnel are in Georgia, U.S. for training on how to deploy the jets. Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Mallam Garba Shehu, disclosed this on his Twitter handle, @GarShehu, on Tuesday. According to him, another batch of six fighter aircraft would be delivered shortly after the mid-July date of the first batch. Shehu also posted a short video of the NAF personnel in test flight operations with the combat jets. Read Also; VIDEO: Test flight operations for NAF newly acquired Super Tucano combat aircraftHe twitted: “Test flight operations for @NigAirForce newly acquired Super Tucano combat aircraft. “Six of the 12 Super Tucanos are on track to arrive in mid-July 2021. With the remaining six shortly after that. There are 14 Nigerian pilots currently training at Moody Air Force Base in Georgia.” SNC and Embraer Defense & Security received a contract from NAF in December 2018 to deliver the 12 A-29 Super Tucano light attack aircraft. The contract included ground training devices, mission planning systems, ground equipment, spares, and other related support. The A-29 Super Tucano will support flight and combat training, close air support operations, intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance (ISR), armed over-watch, counterinsurgency and irregular warfare scenarios. According to a report on the webpage of Airforce Technology, an Air Force news site covering developments in air defence technology and related issues, “currently, the aircraft has been chosen by 15 airforces worldwide. In April last year, Embraer and SNC announced the completion of the inaugural flight of the first of 12 A-29 aircraft. The full fleet of A-29 Super Tucano aircraft is being manufactured by SNC and Embraer at the Jacksonville facility in Florida, U.S.  Source By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – United States Department of Defence said that the 12 A-29 Super Tucano Aircraft already paid for in April by Nigerian government is expected to be completed in May 2024. Reports said the United States Department of Defence has just awarded a $329 million… In "Top Stories" Abuja - The Nigerian Air Force (NAF) says it is expecting 17 platforms from the United States of America to boost its inventory in the fight against insurgency and terrorism. The Chief of Air Staff (CAS) Air Marshal Sadique Abubakar, disclosed this on Thursday in Abuja at the induction ceremony… In "News" By Desmond Ejibas Port Harcourt -   The Nigerian Air Force (NAF) acquired 31 brand new aircraft and reactivated 13 others in the last three years, according to the Chief of Air Staff (CAS), Air Marshall Sadique Abubakar. Abubakar spoke at the inauguration of 30 room transit accommodations for airmen… In "News"