•Innocent Chukwuma ABUJA (Sundiata Post) – The Goodluck Jonathan Foundation has expressed sadness over the demise of Mr Innocent Chukwuma, a member of its board. The organisation in a statement sent to Sundiata Post on Sunday by its executive director, Ms. Ann Iyonu,  noted that Chukwuma’s demise is a great loss to the Foundation, the civil society community  and promoters of democracy in  West Africa.The statement described him  as a  sincere activist, social crusader and a  champion of human rights and democracy in Nigeria and the sub-region. Here is the full statement : “We are sad to learn about the death of Mr Innocent Chukwuma, who was a member of the Goodluck Jonathan Foundation’s Board. “He was a patriotic citizen of Nigeria who served Nigeria and Africa advancing the cause  of good governance and development in different capacities; as he served as Director Ford Foundation West Africa , founder CLEEN Foundation  and a renowned member of the Civil Liberties Organization of Nigeria. “Late Chukwuma  was a leader and a role model to many in the civil  society space in Nigeria and beyond. “Chukwuma’s demise is a great loss to our Foundation, the civil society community in Nigeria and all lovers and promoters of democracy in  West Africa, as he was a  sincere activist, social crusader and a  champion of human rights, development and democracy in Nigeria and the sub-region. “As an organization, we will sorely miss him for his intellectualism and  commitment to good causes of justice, democracy, development and equity. “Our prayers and thoughts are with his family,  the Nigeria civil society community and all sympathizers  on the loss of this  patriot who contributed so much to the growth of our society.” The late  Chukwuma died on Saturday evening at 55 after he was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukaemia, an aggressive cancer of the blood. His long-time friend and associate, Edetaen Ojo, confirmed the sad incident, according to a report by The Nation. Ojo, the Executive Director of the Media Rights Agenda (MRA), was quoted as saying: “With profound shock & sadness, I regret to inform you that Innocent Chukwuma passed away a few hours ago, in the evening of April 3. May his soul rest in peace.” Chukwuma’s death was the second to hit the Nigerian civil society community in less than 24 hours. It happened just as the nation was mourning the death, on Saturday morning, of Afenifere Spokesman Yinka Odumakin. Chukwuma read religious studies at the University of Nigeria (UNN) but gained prominence as a student union leader. He was a founding member of the Civil Liberties Organisation (CLO) before he started CLEEN foundation. The father of three daughters was just diagnosed with the cancer on Friday night but died before he could begin scheduled chemotherapy sessions on Saturday night. ABUJA (Sundiata Postling) - Ahead of the nation’s scheduled general elections beginning from February 16, the Goodluck Jonathan Foundation is bringing together stakeholders from all over Africa for a one-day conference to discuss ways of preventing election-related violence on the continent. The conference which theme is ‘Peaceful Elections and National… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Professor of Public Law, Ayodele Atsenuwa has been appointed as Deputy Vice-Chancellor (Development Services) of the University of Lagos. At the Statutory Meeting of Senate held on Monday, March 29, 2021, she was elected via an electronic voting process with 81 votes (63.28%).… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Nigeria Civil Society Situation Room has kicked against the nomination of  partisan supporter of President Muhammadu Buhari and his ruling party, the All Progressives Congress (APC) Ms Lauretta Onochie as as National Commissioner of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) representing the South-South.… In "Top Stories"