Two teenagers who ganged up and killed a 10-year-old boy for money ritual have been arrested.  The two were arrested by the Police in Ghana. The teenagers aged 16 and 17 allegedly murdered the 10-year-old boy for money rituals around Lamptey Mills, inside Kasoa in Ghana. Deputy Central Regional Police Public Relations officer, Evans Enttie told BBC Pidgin that the suspects used club and cement blocks on the little boy. The suspects Felix Nyarko, 18, and Nicholas Kini, 19, tricked the kid into some uncompleted building where the latter was killed. Reports have it that, after they moved the 10-year-old victim identified as Ishmael Mensah into uncompleted building where they allegedly killed him for money rituals. “We find the young boy inside pool of blood. The suspects lay the deceased in the uncompleted building after hitting him with a club and cement block,” a source revealed. The incident happenned at Kasoa last weekend around 5pm. Kasoa Divisional Police Command has not commented officially on the incident as at press time. But videos doing the rounds on social media showed police packing up the dead body inside a truck alongside the two suspects who were on handcuffs. However, Ghana Police Service has posted a message on social media advising children against dealing with strangers.  Source Men of the Ogun State Police Command have arrested a 29-year-old herbalist, Baoku Gbuyi, and a 27-year-old bricklayer, Olamide Odulaja, for allegedly killing a housewife, Modupeola Folorunsho, and her four-year-old son, Peter, for a money-making ritual. The suspects were arrested following a report by the head of the family, Abiola… In "News" By Isaac Ukpoju Lafia -  The Nasarawa State Police Command has arrested one Mr Emmanuel Ishaya of Ushata village in Nasarawa Local Government area for allegedly killing Isaac Joshua, his friend’s seven-year-old son, for ritual. DSP Idrissu Kenedy, the Command’s Spokesman, disclosed this to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN)… In "Metro" •The suspects A herbalist, Lajuwon Ogunleye, and his wife, Adetutu Apalaya, have been arrested by the Ogun State Police Command on charges of conspiring and killing their seven-year-old son, Pelumi Apalaya, PM News reports. The couple were arrested alongside one Fatai Sefiu, following their neighbours’ suspicion of the little boy… In "Metro"