Claims by the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) the Department of State Services (DSS) planned to sponsor attacks on banks in the South East region under the guise of the group’s Eastern Security Network (ESN) have been described as untrue and ridiculous.  Top security sources, who debunked the claims exclusively to The Nation, said the outlawed group’s modus operandi is to raise false alarm and carry out such attacks to blackmail the Service and other security agencies. “It is not true and it cannot be true. So what they have done is that hours after they issued that alarm, they attacked a bank in Abagana, Dunukofia LGA, Anambra State. “If you are looking at their patterns, what they are doing now is attack, retreat and deny. “The allegation should be taken as a cheap blackmail designed by the illegal organisation to distract the public and indeed, the international community from what has become its pattern of violent attacks, retreat and feigning of nonviolent dispositions,” the sources said. They advised the public “to be wary of the antics of IPOB which hides under these methods to wreck havoc on innocent people and targets.” When contacted, Peter Afunanya the Public Relations Officer of the DSS, described the agency as responsible and further stated it would continue to work with other sister agencies to maintain law and order; protect lives and property. He called on citizens and corporate bodies to be security conscious and beef up protective measures around them. The outlawed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has dismissed alleged plans by its security outfit, Eastern Security Network (ESN), to attack banks in the Southeast for the purpose of acquire money to purchase arms as false. The group described the report as propaganda by the security agencies to blackmail and… In "News" THE Indigenous People of Biafra said on Monday that there was enough money to fund its security arm known as the Eastern Security Network. The group’s Media and Publicity Secretary, Emma Powerful, stated this in a press statement, adding that ESN was funded by IPOB members resident in 120 countries.… In "News" IPOB Raises Alarm, Says DSS Plots To Portray Kanu As ‘Christ’ In "Top Stories"