A report by The PUNCH has shown that after 48 hours of disconnecting MTN customers from banking channels including the Unstructured Supplementary Service Data and banking apps, commercial banks on Sunday have reconnected MTN customers to banking channels.  It was gathered that the development followed the intervention of the Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Isa Pantami; and the Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria, Godwin Emefiele. The PUNCH had reported that the banks blocked MTN customers on Friday, leaving millions of MTN subscribers frustrated as they were unable to recharge airtime via USSD amid the Easter celebrations. MTN, with about 77 million subscribers, making up about 45 per cent of the total telecommunication market share in Nigeria, is arguably the largest telecommunication operator in the country. The blockade occurred when the telco reduced the banks’ commission from 4.5 per cent to 2.5 per cent. The banks had written MTN to revert to the old commission, otherwise, they would block MTN airtime in all their channels. The banks, except Zenith Bank which was connected directly to MTN, subsequently blocked MTN from their banking channels, leaving millions of customers stranded as they were unable to recharge virtually. MTN had explored alternative electronic payment platforms such as Flutterwave, Jumia Pay, OPay, Kuda, Carbon and BillsnPay for customer to recharge their phones. Details later…  Source Commercial banks have disconnected MTN customers from banking channels including the Unstructured Supplementary Service Data and banking apps. MTN customers complained on Friday about being unable to recharge their MTN lines using USSD and other banking channels like the bank apps. Customers were also unable to do banking transactions on… In "Business" Telecommunication companies have rejected demand by the Nigerian Electronic Fraud Forum (NeFF) and banks to submit lists of SIM Swap customers to Nigeria Interbank Settlement System (NIBSS) for watchlist against e-fraud, it was learnt on Tuesday. The Chairman, Association of Chief Audit Executives of Banks in Nigeria (ACAEBIN), Yinka Tiamiyu,… In "News" The Nigerian Communications Commission has called for an amicable resolution to the discrepancies in USSD charges received by banks and payments made to telecom operators. The Director of Licensing and Authorisation at NCC, Alhaji Mohammed Babajika, made the call during a webinar themed ‘Financial Inclusion in the New Normal, Leveraging… In "News"