The Senate on Tuesday referred a petition against chairman of the Code of Conduct Tribunal (CCT) Danladi Umar over alleged assault on a guard, Clement Sagwak, at Banex Plaza, Wuse 2, Abuja.  The incident occurred on March 29, 2021. Sagwak had also petitioned the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) to probe the incident. Senator Istifanus Gyang (Plateau North) submitted a petition on the incident to the Senate on behalf of his constituent, Sagwak. Sagwak, had in his petition dated April 9 2021 and signed by his lawyer, Samuel Ihensekhien, accused the CCT chairman of abuse of power, assault, torture, and ‘xenophobia’. A viral five- minute video captured Umar and the guard having an altercation at the plaza. Sagwak, 22, and an employee of Jul Reliable Guards Services Limited, told the Senate he was attacked by Umar last month. He said he was assaulted by Umar and a policeman attached to him after he informed him (Umar) that his car was not properly parked. He said the CCT boss slapped him several times and forced him to kneel down in the presence of everybody while undergoing his lawful activities. Senator Gyang said his constituent is asking the Senate to investigate the incident and ensure justice is served. He called on the Senate to give the petition a speedy consideration. Senate President, Ahmad Lawan, referred the petition to the Senate Committee on Ethics, Privileges and Public Petitions to report back to plenary in four weeks.  Source By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Senate on Tuesday, waded into assault allegations leveled against the Chairman of the Code of Conduct Tribunal, Danladi Umar in a petition received to that effect. The Petition was brought to the floor by Senator Istifanus Gyang (PDP, Plateau North).  Accordingly, the Senate… In "Top Stories" A video has surfaced showing the power-drunk Chairman of the Code of Conduct Tribunal (CCT), Umar Danladi brutalizing a security guard. The incident happened at Banex plaza in Wuse, Abuja, according to Sahara Reporters. In the video exclusive obtained by SaharaReporters, Umar was seen speaking angrily, scolding and shouting at… In "News" Clement Sargwak, a Nigerian security guard who was assaulted by Danladi Umar, the chairman of the Code of Conduct Tribunal (CCT), in Abuja on Monday, has narrated his ordeal to PREMIUM TIMES. The victim, Clement Sargwak, tracked down by our reporter on Wednesday, is a 22-year-old employee of Jul Reliable… In "News"