Police in Akwa Ibom have exhumed the body of a 36-year-old businessman Onyeka Ezewulu killed and buried in a shallow grave in Mbiaso community, Nsit Ibom council area of Akwa Ibom State.  Operatives of Special Tactical Squad (STS) led by CSP Julian Igbodu, on Monday March, 29, 2021, stormed a kidnappers’ hideout in the community following investigation into the disappearance of Ezewulu suspected to have been kidnapped. The team was accompanied by two police pathologists and the University of Uyo Teaching Hospital (UUTH), who carried out autopsy on the body before it was handed over to the family members for burial. A middle-aged woman alleged to be a member of the kidnap group Deborah Sunday, who assisted the police to locate their hideout, told reporters that three other gang members on March 5, 2021 ambushed and kidnapped Ezewulu along Idoro Road. Sunday said Ezewulu attempted to run when the gang closed in on him, and was shot in the right leg, bundled into a Toyota Camry car and taken to the hideout. She said N2million ransom was paid a day after Ezewulu died from much bleeding. He was buried in a shallow grave. One Patrick, a brother to the late Ezewulu, said the China-based businessman was coming to check up on his family and business outlets when he was killed. He said the family did not know he was already dead while the kidnappers were negotiating his ransom. Police spokesman Odiko MacDon described the incident as “unfortunate and regrettable”, adding that the three kidnap suspects, who attempted to escape on sighting the police, were gunned down.  Source Operatives of the Special Armed Robbery Squad (SARS) of the Imo Police Command have arrested two notorious kidnappers, who are the remaining members of the millionaire kidnapper and former police officer, Coporal Collins Ezenwa(aka E-money). The suspects are Asiatugbulam Ifeanyi, 34 and Kingsley Udo Johnson, 20. According to a police… In "Metro" Sunday Bassey Eket (Akwa Ibom) -   The Akwa Ibom Police Command on Monday confirmed the arrest of four suspected kidnappers and two notorious cultists terrorising Eket Local Government Area and it’s environs in the area. DSP Odiko MacDon, the State Police Public Relations Officer disclosed this to the News… In "Metro" Three police officers, including a Chief Superintendent of Police, Ben Ajide, on Monday lost their lives when they clashed with suspected members of the Indigenous People of Biafra in Ikot Akpan community in the Essien Udim Local Government Area of Akwa Ibom State. It was gathered that four other officers… In "Metro"