By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  The Nigerian Air Force has reacted to a report alleging an airstrike on soldiers of the Nigerian Army, saying that the visuals and reports been circulated are being investigated. Recall that a report by an online platform (not Sundiata) said over 20 army personnel were attacked by an Air Force coordinated airstrike in Mainok, Maiduguri after they were mistaken for Boko Haram terrorists. In a tweet on Monday, the Air Force said it is investigating the alleged incident and that the general public will be duly updated as soon as the investigation is concluded. The tweet read, “The attention of the @NigAirForce has been drawn to reports alleging “How NAF Killed over 20 Nigerian Army Personnel by Accident in Air Strike” at Mainok which is about 55km to Maiduguri. The NAF wishes to state that visuals and reports been circulated are being investigated and the general public will be duly updated on the alleged incident. All enquiries should please be directed to the Office of the Director of Public Relations and Information, Headquarters Nigerian Air Force.” •NAF spokesman, Air Commodore Daramola ABUJA - The Nigerian Air Force (NAF) has arrested its men allegedly involved in a fracas that resulted in the death of two persons in Mabera area in Sokoto State. PRNigeria gathered that NAF was disturbed by the alleged killing of the civilians on October… In "Metro" …Writes World Bodies to Declare Them International Personae Non Gratae By Chibuike Nwabuko Onitsha (Sundiata Post) - International Society for Civil Liberties & Rule of Law (Intersociety) has called on the Federal Government and Police Service Commission to dismiss the five culpable Security Chiefs for alleged grave abuse of office… In "Top Stories" By Doris Esa Abuja - The Nigerian Air Force (NAF) says a supposed ‘Breaking News Flash’ with the headline “Nigerian Air Force Kills Over 250 Boko Haram Fighters In Maiduguri” is totally fake. Air Commodore Ibikunle Daramola, the NAF Director of Public Relations and Information, made this known in a… In "News"