Following the video which surfaced online showing five female students in school uniform smoking Shisha, the Lagos State Government has reacted.  Recall that the disturbing video which trended on social media has received wide condemnation from concerned Nigerians both at home and in the diaspora, calling for sanction against the pupils and their parents. Meanwhile, in a swift reaction, the state government, through the Ministry of Education and Ministry of Youth and Social Development, subsequently, identified the female pupils and the school in the state. They were subsequently, identified as students of Oreyo Senior Grammar School, Igbogbo, Ikorodu area of the state. It was gathered that the identified students were later suspended by the school authorities while the state government has ordered for their rehabilitation with immediate effect. The Special Adviser to the Governor on Education, Tokunbo Wahab, confirmed the development when contacted. Tokunbo, who directed our corespondent to the Commissioner for Youth and Social Development, Segun Dawodu, for further information, said “appropriate steps are been taken to address the issue with the aim of preventing future occurrence in the state. “The appropriate ministry is already intervening. You see why the role of parents is so critical. We can’t leave everything to government and school. This is heart wrenching.” Meanwhile, our correspondent could not get the comments of the Commissioner at press time. Shisha Smoking Shisha smoking is a way of inhaling tobacco, sometimes mixed with fruit or molasses sugar, through the mouthpiece of a bowl hose or tube1. Although the practice of shisha smoking started in the Middle East, it has spread to several other parts of the world, including Nigeria. In Nigeria, the prevalence rate of shisha smoking, especially among the youth, is rising, making it an issue of public health concern. The rising prevalence of shisha smoking in Nigeria can be attributed to the increase in the openings of new shisha lounges/bars, subtle advertisement of shisha in public places, social acceptance of shisha smoking, peer influence, and public misconceptions about the safety profile of shisha use. In a recent study conducted in Ibadan, Oyo State, 633 patrons of selected nightclubs were interviewed in order to obtain information on prevalence, correlates and predictors of shisha smoking. The results showed overall prevalence of shisha smoking as 7.1 per cent. The age of initiation into shisha smoking was lower among women, p = 0.03, but men were significantly more likely to be more frequent users, daily or weekly users, p<0.001 and also to be current cigarette smokers, p = 0.03. There was no significant gender variability in the stage of readiness to quit. Regression analysis showed that after adjusting for age, the predictors of shisha smoking were: cigarette smoking, OR = 4.83, 95 per cent CI (1.49-15.70) and more than 12 years of education, OR = 7.55, 95 per cent CI (1.88 – 30.37), while being a rural dweller was a protective factor, OR = 0.05, 95 per cent CI (0.01-0.20).  Source Relocates pupils, teachers of Holy Aruosa Primary School (Sundiata Post) - The Edo State Governor, Godwin Obaseki has ordered the immediate relocation of pupils and teachers in the school to nearby Agbado Primary School in Benin City. Obaseki also ordered shutdown immediate of all schools of all primary and secondary… In "News" John Shiklam in Kaduna, Ibrahim Shuaibu in Kano, Francis Sardauna in Katsina, and Laleye Dipo in Minna No fewer than 618 schools have remained closed in six northern states over the fear of attack and abduction of pupils and members of staff, according to a tally by THISDAY. Also, barely… In "News" The Nigeria Union of Teachers on Monday, amid concern about the rising coronavirus cases, said it would on Thursday hold a meeting on the pandemic and compliance with COVID-19 protocols in schools across the country. The Secretary-General of the NUT, Mike Ene, stated this in an interview with one of… In "News"