Nigerian Catholic priest, Fr. Kelvin Ugwu has lambasted Prophet Chukwuemeka Ohanemere popularly known as Odumeje, calling him a clown.  The controversial Onitsha-based cleric is currently in the news after he vowed never to forgive comedienne Ada Jesus who accused him of conniving with actress Rita Edochie to stage fake miracles. Taking to Facebook on Monday, April 12, the Malawi-based priest stated that Odumeje and all his antics has nothing to do with Christianity. “Because we like to play to the gallery, because we are mostly never sincere to ourselves, and because we play too much, that is why you will see the words “Christian”, “pastor”, and “Odumeje” in one sentence,” Fr. Ugwu said. “Some of you mistake “thou shall not judge” for “thou shall not say the truth.” This is why even a Catholic Church in the east had to invite Odumeje to one of their programs and he came and turned everything into a show. “Well, for a truth, he entertains, that was why I once wrote about him as the new clown in town. But you see, the moment you call him a Christian pastor, you immediately insult everything Christianity stands for”   Source •Prophet Chukwuemeka Ohanaemere alias Odumeje By Fr Kelvin Ugwu MSP For a while now, one will hardly come online in any social media platform without stumbling into something concerning the Onitsha self acclaimed prophet Chukwuemaka Ohanemere popularly known as Odumeje, indaboski. . .abi na liquid metal. I sense that most… In "Social Media Feeds" The current sensation in the Southeast is Prophet Chukwuemeka Ohanemere popularly known as Odumeje. The President and founder of Mountain of Holy Ghost Intervention Ministry Worldwide (a.k.a Land of Freedom), has practically turned religion to a social enterprise with large dose of entertainment. The controversial Onitsha-based cleric recently set the… In "News" Nollywood actor Zubby Michael, has denied reports that he is a church member of controversial Nigerian clergyman, Emeka Odumeje. Recall that Odumeje is in a spiritual faceoff with the people of Arondizuogu over his unbridled verbal assault on late Okoye Pericoma renowned for his spiritual powers as a native doctor.… In "Entertainment"