Borno State Governor Babagana Zulum has commended the Army for its renewed vigour in counter-insurgency operations by troops of Operation Lafiya Dole in the Northeast.  Zulum gave the commendation when he visited the Chief of Army Staff, Lt.-Gen. Ibrahim Attahiru in Abuja on Monday. He said the military had achieved some level of success in the fight against Boko Haram and the Islamic States West Africa Province (ISWAP) terrorists in recent times in the state. The governor said the current effort of the military had been yielding positive results, adding that more needed to be done to ensure that more farmers had access to their farmlands. He called for increased support by troops to the government’s efforts of resettling the displaced persons back in their communities. “We are here to interface with the Nigerian Army, the Chief of Defence Staff and the Chief of Army Staff, with a view to letting them know the actual situation on the ground because it is only when you are apprised of the facts and figures on ground that you can think of the kind of intervention to give. “Most importantly, we have to look into the political, cultural and economic dimensions of this war, which is very crucial because farmers need to go back to their farmlands during this rainy season so that they can earn their means of livelihood,” he said. The governor also assured that the government had put in place a robust institutional arrangement for effective flow of information from the citizens. The Chief of Army Staff, Attahiru, commended the governor for the visit, saying it would afford them the opportunity to interact and discuss issues that would bring peace to Borno and the entire Northeast. Attahiru also commended the government for its continuous support to Operation Lafiya Dole and the Nigeria Army in general. He assured that the Nigerian army was determined to defeat Boko Haram and conclude the operation, within the shortest time possible. According to him, he had authorised a review of some of their activities, operations and strategies. He appealed to the governor to rehabilitate some roads in the state to enhance army operations. “The Nigerian Army will continue to do its best to support all your programmes and activities aimed at bringing peace that would enable socio-economic activities to thrive in Borno State. “I appeal to you to consider the rehabilitation of roads and main supply routes that link some of the local government areas in the state and indeed the humanitarian hubs,” he said. Governor Zulum was accompanied by the three Senators representing Borno in the National Assembly, Kashim Shettima, Ali Ndume and Abubakar Kyari.   Source The Nigerian Army has inaugurated manhunt for the 4th Batch of wanted Boko Haram terrorists. It has also co-opted more Civilian Joint Task Force (CJTF) members into its operation. A banner showing photographs of the wanted terrorists was unveiled by Governor Babagana Zulum of Borno and the Chief of Army… In "Security" By Hamza Suleiman Maiduguri - The Chief of Army Staff (COAS), Lt.-Gen. Tukur Burutai, on Sunday, commended the Borno government for its support to the Nigerian military in the counter-insurgency campaign.Burutai gave the commendation when he led senior military officers on a courtesy visit to Gov. Babagana Zulum at the… In "News" MAIDUGURI - A convoy conveying officials of the Borno State Government has been attacked near Monguno town.   The officials were ambushed by Boko Haram terrorists on Friday while they were journeying to Baga, where Governor Babagana Zulum is expected to receive returning IDPs.   It is still… In "Top Stories"