Divine Nwaneri, 24-year-old student of Soil Science and Biotechnology in the Facility of Agriculture at the Imo State University (IMSU), has become another victim of death in the hands of security operatives in the South East, as she was reportedly felled in a hail of bullets released by a soldier guarding the Government House, Owerri, Imo State, on Sunday. Nwaneri, said to be a first year student of the institution, was driving with a male passenger in their car, when they were shot by the soldier in front of the Government House, according to reports. Arinze Oguike, President of Student Union Government of (IMSU), was quoted as saying the incident had thrown the entire academic community into sadness, as her colleagues who were mourning her, believed the deceased did not deserve such a sad fate. Born on June 12, 1997, Nwaneri, a native of Umukam in Obollo community in the Isiala Mbano council of the state, was, reportedly shot dead by the soldiers, while riding in Lexus IS 250 with number plate, Lagos KSF 407 GT, with her friends, around 10pm when the soldiers opened fire on the car and hitting her and the male driver. Attempts to save her life after she was rushed to the Federal Medical Center, Owerri, were futile as she was confirmed dead by medical personnel at the hospital, while the driver survived. The mourning students, have escalated the matter with the university’s authorities, with a formal request to Chancellor of the university, Prof Peter Aka, demanding justice for the slain undergraduate. Oguike, said: “We have made a formal demand to VC that the soldiers who killed our student be identified and arrested. We have also asked that the medical personnel on duty be arrested for professional negligence. Ralph Obinjoku, spokesman of the university, said the university community was saddened by the Lost of the undergraduate, while both police spokesperson in the state, Orlando Ikeokwu, and his counterpart at the 34 Nigerian Army Artillery Brigade, Obinze, Owerri, Capitan Babatunde Zubairu, said they had not been briefed about the incident. As of the time of filing this report, the vehicle in which the undergraduate was killed was still parked in front of the state Government House. (Whirlwindnews) •Imo State Governor Hope Uzodinma OWERRI - Soldiers guarding Imo State Government House took to their heels after shooting to death late Sunday night an undergraduate of the Imo State University, Divine Nwaneri and wounding the driver of the vehicle in which she rode with her friends, in what eyewitnesses… In "News" A final year student of the Imo State University, Blessing Amam, was on Monday found dead alongside her lover, identified as Emeka in her hostel in Umudagu-Mbieri, Mbaitoli Local Government Area of the state. Southern City News reported on Tuesday that the deceased student was a final year student in… In "Metro" OWERRI (Sundiata Post) - An appeal has gone to Governor of Imo State, Rochas Okorocha, to take urgent steps to avert a looming crisis in the Imo State University (IMSU) over the selection of a new Vice Chancellor.   The appeal was made by a group known as “Concerned Citizens of… In "News"