The Proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has accused the military and other security agencies of providing cover for herdsmen allegedly linked to the killings in the South East and South South part of Nigeria.  It noted the security agencies’ inability to arrest suspects days after the attacks was a confirmation of its position. In a statement by the Media and Publicity Secretary, Emma Powerful, IPOB vowed to avenge the blood of innocent Biafrans through its security outfit. It reads in part: “Where are the military helicopter gunboats that were buzzing over Orlu airspace in search of ESN operatives in February? Where are the heavily armed brutal soldiers that massacred unarmed Biafran agitators in morning exercise at Emene? “Where are the wicked DSS operatives daily hunting and abducting IPOB members and other Biafran agitators? Just yesterday, DSS abducted Elizabeth Ozioma Onyeaka, an IPOB member in Anambra North Senatorial zone. “Armed DSS personnel invaded their home between 2:00 and 2: 30am and took her away and till now they have kept her incommunicado. Secret abduction of IPOB members has continued unabated. “These terrorsts in security uniform are zealously arresting unarmed and peaceful agitators but too weak and unwilling to touch their fellow terrorists smoking lives out of innocent Indigenous Nigerians. Why can’t Nigeria Fulani terrorists in military uniform trace those that attacked 4 villages in Ebonyi and Enugu States? “But we assure them that these genocides will not go unpunished. Our gallant ESN personnel will respond proportionately! We are prepared for them. We knew a time like this will come, and that was why our proactive Leader, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu floated ESN ahead of time to defend Biafrans against these blood suckers.”  Source Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) have raised the alarm over alleged threats to life of its members by suspected Nigerian security agents. It said while some of the members have been marked for elimination, others were being hunted by the security personnel. In a statement issued by the Media and… In "News" •Nnamdi Kanu, IPOB leader The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has absolved itself and the Eastern Security Network (ESN) of killing six children in Anambra State. The group described the news making the rounds linking it with the purported killing as ridiculous. In a statement made available to journalists in… In "News" •Nnamdi Kanu, IPOB leader The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has absolved itself and the Eastern Security Network (ESN) of killing six children in Anambra State. The group described the news making the rounds linking it with the purported killing as ridiculous. In a statement made available to journalists in… In "News"