Another member of the House of Representatives, Hon. Sulaiman Aliyu Lere, is dead.  He was said to have died at a hospital in Kaduna after a brief illness on Tuesday. Lere, who recently returned to the House after the Court of Appeal reinstated him reportedly died at the popular Barau Dikko Specialist Hospital, Kaduna. His death is coming barely four days after member representing Jos North/Bassa Federal Constituency of Plateau state died alongside his son and aide in car accident. Read Also: Reps panel to probe funds to airlinesIt brings to four the number of members of the House that have died since February and six since the Lower Chambers was inaugurated. The 53-year-old Lere recently won his case at the Court of Appeal, which reinstated him as candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) and winner of the House of Representatives election for Lere Federal Constituency, Kaduna. At the time of this report, there has been no official confirmation regarding the death, but one of aides, Tukura Abdulazeez told The Nation on phone that the lawmaker died this morning and will be buried at about 5.00pm in his home town, Lere, Saminaka local government area of Kaduna state.  Source By Bolaji Buhari   Lagos - The Lagos State chapter of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has described the death of Mr Abayomi Ayeola, a member of the House of Representatives, as sad and shocking. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Aiyeola (APC-Ibeju Lekki Federal Constituency) died on… In "Politics" Hon. Muhmmad Dantani, a member of the Federal House of Representatives representing the Yauri/Shanga/Ngaski Federal Constituency of Kebbi State, has died, family sources said. Early mourners are Deputy Senate Leader Bala Ibn Na'Allah representing Kebbi South, and Hon. Muhammad S/Fawa, former Kebbi State House of Assembly member representing Fakai constituency,… In "News" Abuja -  The Speaker of the House of Representatives, Yakubu Dogara, has described as shocking, the death of Rep. Adewale Oluwatayo, representing Ifako, Ijaiye Federal Constituency of Lagos State. The lawmaker, who was a member of the All Progressives Congress (APC), died on Wednesday in Abuja. Dogara, in a statement… In "News"