This Fredrick Nwabufo should be utterly ashamed of himself and family for this nonsensical rubbish write-up. His hatchet job and traducement on Isa Pantami clearly depicts why Biafra might never come and why over three million (mostly children) lost their lives in a wicked and evil civil war that engulfed a contraption called Nigeria, nay (Igboland) from 1967-1970. I hope his fellow Igbos will read this piece of journalistic junk he obviously got paid for to pretend a subterfuge for a dangerous Janjaweed fundamentalist manning a very sensitive ministry which he was deliberately installed to feather and foster the jihadists plans to Fulanise Nigeria. I want to pose many questions to him to really bring home his mindless epistle but I will only concise it to one. Has any pastor or church leader’s preachings ever gingered or instigated their listeners, worshipers or followers to be so radicalised that they take up arms, bombs and terrorists acts against fellow humans, especially non-Christians? His slave mentality with his ilk indicates why the Nigerian military is presently bombing and air raiding Orlu in Igboland. To this character its about money. We know their types. I pray and hope he gets to see the sale of his conscience soon ooze out to ridicule him and put in cesspool of disgrace his family name and compound which he is associated with in Biafra land hereon out. – By Omotayo Dada •Dr Isa Pantami Profiling. Targeting. Scapegoating. In Nigeria, you are more likely to effectuate wry remarks and suspicious stares if you are the prototypical Muslim with full-bred beard, a ‘’decimal point’’ on your forehead – a sign of your devotion to Almighty Allah, and apparelled in modest trousers that stand… In "Opinion" •Dr Isa Pantami THIS is a difficult column to write because although scores of people have importuned me to intervene in the controversy regarding Communication and Digital Economy Minister Isa Ali Ibrahim Pantami’s utterances before he came into government, my wife, who knows Pantami is my friend, pleaded with me… In "Opinion" Some security experts on Saturday dismissed the apology by the Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Isa Pantami, over some controversial comments he made in the past in support of global terrorist groups, Al-Qaeda and Taliban. The security analysts said Pantami’s comments were too weighty to be discarded, demanding either… In "News"