By Abraham Jonah, Managing Editor, Middle East Operations As developments unfold across countries for better delivery of educational services, knowledge and people impact, the Joint University Degree and Partnership Board (JUDAP) has partnered more foreign institutions for a wider programme coverage & delivery. Being an agency for international academic partnership and collaboration which facilitates joint academic and research programmes among Universities globally, the board has partnered with many notable institutions across the globe. It is an academic system where prospective students are able to select desired courses of study with basic and universal acceptable modes of entry. Therefore, applicants are not only subjected to local qualifications but also international standards of assessment. The National Universities Commission (NUC) of Nigeria encourages the integration of Nigerian university academic programmes with those of other universities in other countries. The present management team, led by Prof. Abubakar Rasheed, mni, MFR, FNAL, FPSN appreciates the need for realistic international collaboration and partnership among Nigerian universities to further boost the educational image of the country. Joint Degree Project is a dream come true in the educational system of higher learning in Nigeria. According to Registrar of JUDAP, Dr. Praise F., “The Project is a remarkable combination of local and international academic experience which enables students to study for a few years at accredited universities in Nigeria and move on to top-rated international universities to complete their degree programmes within twelve months”. He also affirms that “Based on mutual understanding and agreement, the local universities would use the national curriculum to teach and train the students, with the inclusion of few international curricula”. It is a good development for parents and guardians who dream to have their wards study abroad in the most economical way because the programme offers the cheapest means of obtaining legitimate international degrees and honours. In addition, it allows students to spend most of their academic degree years in Nigeria and pay tuition and other auxiliary fees at local currency. The programme offers interested students the opportunity to be in the boarding house and under-age students the prospect to start their degree courses in Nigeria and get mature before travelling out of the country without losing year of studies. Abuja - The National Universities Commission (NUC) has warned that degrees obtained from Maryam Abacha American University of Niger Republic (MAAUN) are sub-standard and will not be accepted in Nigeria. The NUC Director of Information and Public Relations, Malam Ibrahim Yakasai, handed down the warning while briefing newsmen on Thursday… In "News" Abuja - Prof. Julius Okojie, the Executive Secretary, National Universities Commission (NUC), has decried the inability of Plateau State University, Bokkos, to graduate students since inception in 2005. Okojie, who expressed his displeasure when Gov. Simon Lalong of Plateau visited him in Abuja on Tuesday, attributed the problems to lack… In "News" Elvis Izekor graduated from the University of Benin in 2015. Two years later, he wrote to his university seeking his transcript to secure a spot among the bright African brains that the Africa Institute of Mathematical Sciences (AIMS) was offering a scholarship for a Master’s programme. That was when he… In "News"