The lawmaker representing Amuwo Odofin Constituency 1 of Lagos State, Mojisola Alli-Macaulay, has denied the allegation that she derided youths during the #EndSARS protest when some hoodlums attacked police stations and other facilities in the state. Alli-Macaulay, while addressing some youths from her constituency on Thursday, stated that many people misunderstood legislative protocols just like a statement credited to her during the plenary that youths were high on drugs. The lawmaker had said the National Orientation Agency needed to be alive to its responsibilities and help change the attitude of the youths. She had said, “The National Orientation Agency needs to get to work. We need to begin to orientate our young people. They need people who can talk to them from time to time. They are high on drugs all the time, most of them. They go to social media and say all sorts of things. I’m even scared to give my young children phones because I am scared of what they may see on social media. It is that bad.” But Alli-Macaulay, while speaking to her constituents during the week, said she was misconstrued, noting that if she had said something out of place, the Speaker would have cautioned her. She added that the destruction that followed the #EndSARS protest affected her constituency project as work that ought to have been completed was put on hold. Grieving family demands justice as hoodlums stab legionnaire to deathShe said, “Everything that is discussed in the Assembly is based on an order paper and the topic that was discussed on that day was on the order paper of that day, which was the unrest in the nation at the time that had led to the destruction of state property, running into trillions of naira by hoodlums. “I was the 38th person that spoke that day. That was when I made my own suggestion, expressing my discontent and also wondering how things escalated to that point and that carnage was a taboo in the state. “I never mentioned Amuwo Odofin in my statement. I said parents should also be blamed for some of these things as it is their duty to train a child because the family is the smallest unit of a nation. We were talking about hoodlums at the time, not Nigerian youths. By Joan Odafe Lagos - A Lagos lawmaker, Mrs Mojisola Alli-Macaulay, said that she organised a Christmas party for children in Amuwo-Odofin area to make kids in the community happier during the Yuletide. The lawmaker, representing Amuwo Odofin Constituency 1 at the Lagos State House of Assembly, also said at… In "Entertainment" By Yemi Adeleye Lagos, - Mr Dipo Olorunrinu, the lone Peoples Democratic People (PDP) member in the Lagos State House of Assembly says he does not see any reason to approach Election Tribunal over his re-election defeat. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Olorunrinu, representing Amuwo-Odofin Constituency I… In "News" By Angela Atabo   Abuja -   Mr David Ombugadu, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) governorship candidate for Nassarawa State, has cautioned youths against putting money above other considerations. Ombugadu, who is also a member of the House of Representatives, gave the advice while sharing his experience with young candidates… In "Politics"