By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –   Chairman, House of Representatives Committee on Foregin Affairs, Hon. Yusuf Buba Yakub has said that  some of the challenges Nigeria is facing today is due to some lapses in the foreign policy. He stated this while at a press conference held in National Assembly over the recent Conference/Retreat on the Review of Nigeria Foreign Policy. Hon Yakub said the event which attracted several experts from across the world became necessary in view of the challenges the country is facing due to lack of ability to review the country’s foreign policy over the years. According to him, “We have not reviewed our foreign policy after Independence particularly for the past 35 years. “Africa is the Centre Piece of Nigeria Foreign Policy where we serve as “big brother”. This was evident in the country’s intervention in Liberia, Apathied in South Africa among others,” Yakub said. We think that it is necessary that our interest is key in the foreign policy, he said. Speaking on the allegation of sharp practices in the foreign mission, Hon. Buba Yakub stated that his committee had conducted an investigative public hearing on the matter while the House will still take necessary action when the report is being submitted. Yakub who is representing Hong/Gombi Federal Constituency of Adamawa State also lamented on the killing and Kidnapping of his people in his constituency. Yakub had on Wednesday 21 April, 2021 presented a motion under Matters of Urgent National Importance calling on the Federal Government and the military to set up Military Brigade at MUbi and a Battalion at Gombi in order to check the activities of the Insurgents who normally invaded the areas to kill and kidnap people. He his constituency is sharing boundary with Sambisa Forest, the hideout of Boko Haram Insurgents. He said relevant government agencies should come to the aid of the victims by providing relief materials to Kwapure Village of Gara Ward in Hong Local Government Area of Adamawa State who were recently attacked by the insurgents who killed, maimed and destroyed several properties. Yakub slso said the establishment of Federal Medical Centre, Hong will go along way in addressing the challenges of health service delivery in the area. His bill seeking to establish Federal Medical Centre, Hong had passed Second Reading penultimate Wednesday. By Reuben Abati I read an interesting article recently in which the author, objecting to President Muhammadu Buhari’s frequent travels abroad pointed out that Presidential spokespersons since 1999, including this writer, have always justified such trips using essentially the same arguments. The fellow quoted copiously and derisively from my State… In "Opinion" Abuja - The Directorate of Technical Cooperation for Africa (DTCA) has called for a review of the country's foreign policy to encourage Nigerians in the Diaspora to participate in national development. The DTAC Director-General, Mr Shuabu Suleiman, made the call in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria at… In "News" Lagos - The Lagos Chamber of Commerce and Industry (LCCI) on Thursday urged the country’s policy makers not to lose focus over the positive remarks made by the International Monetary Fund (IMF). Mr Muda Yusuf, the Director-General of the chamber, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) that the advice… In "News"