A four-star general who is a son of Chad’s slain president Idriss Deby Itno will replace him at the head of a military council, the army announced Tuesday.  “A military council has been set up headed by his son, General Mahamat Idriss Deby Itno,” the army’s spokesman, General Azem Bermandoa Agouna, said on state radio, shortly after the announcement that the newly re-elected president had died of wounds while fighting rebels in the north of Chad. Chad’s newly re-elected President Idriss Deby Itno, in power for three decades, died Tuesday aged 68 of injuries while fighting rebels in the north of the Sahel country, the army said Tuesday. The army had on Monday announced that fighting left some 300 rebels of the Front for Change and Concord in Chad dead, while FACT claimed in a statement that Deby had been wounded – a report that official sources could not confirm. Deby “has just breathed his last defending the sovereign nation on the battlefield” over the weekend, army spokesman General Azem Bermandoa Agouna said in a statement read out on state television. Newly re-elected Chad’s president Idriss Deby is deadThe career military man who seized power in the former French colony on the back of a 1990 coup had been declared re-elected late Monday with nearly 80 percent of the vote late Monday. Ministers and high-ranking military brass had said Monday that Deby was in the region on Saturday and Sunday after rebels launched an offensive from rear bases in Libya on the day of the election, April 11. The result was never in serious doubt, with a divided opposition, boycott calls, and a campaign in which demonstrations were banned or dispersed. AFP •Chad President Idriss Deby arrives for a group picture during the G5 Sahel summit in Nouakchott, Mauritania, June 30, 2020. (Reuters Photo) Chad's President Idriss Deby has died while visiting troops on the front line of a fight against northern rebels, an army spokesperson said Tuesday, the day after Deby… In "Top Stories" Chad embassy released a statement about the circulation of Chadian military videos and photos which they referred to as misleading with distorted remarks. The statement reads sin part, The Embassy of the Republic of Chad to the Federal Republic of Nigeria hereby informs the public opinion that for some time… In "News" •Chadian President Idriss Deby Chad’s army will no longer participate in military operations beyond its borders, President Idriss Deby said on Friday, a potential blow to international efforts to defeat Islamist militants in the conflict-hit Sahel and Lake Chad region. Deby spoke during a visit to the Lake Chad zone… In "Top Stories"