Nigeria’s President Muhammadu Buhari has been told to sack the Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Isa Pantami.  The minority leader of the House of Representatives, Ndudi Elumelu made the call on Wednesday. This is concerning the Minister’s past controversial comments suggesting religious extremism. The lawmaker on Wednesday raised the issue as a point of order citing a breach of his privilege. He noted that the Minister occupies a very sensitive position and the comments should not be overlooked. There have been overwhelming calls for the resignation or sack of the Minister over his pro-Taliban comments. In reaction to this, the Minister renounced his radical comments, saying he now knows better but despite this, Nigerians increasingly called for his sack or resignation. This led to a trend with the hashtag, #PantamiResignNow on Social media. The opposition party, Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) also called on the Department of State Services (DSS) to immediately invite the Minister for questioning and urged President Muhammadu Buhari to immediately sack the minister, “given the sensitivity of the issue at stake.” Details shortly…   Source The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has urged the Department of State Services (DSS) to immediately invite the Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Isa Pantami, for questioning over his alleged links to the Al-Qaeda and Taliban terror groups. The party, the Middle Belt Forum (MBF), Human Rights Writers Association of… In "News" The Department of State Security, DSS has been urged to weild into the controversy surrounding the Minister of Communication and Digital Economy, Sheikh Isa Pantami. A civil society group, Concerned Nigerians, on Monday, urged DSS to recommend Pantami's sack to President Muhammadu Buhari. The recent public outcry against Pantami’s alleged… In "News" The Minister of Communication and Digital Economy Dr Isa Ibrahim Pantami on Monday declined to comment on the threat to his life by Boko Haram /ISWAP leader , Abubakar Shekau. Shekau, in a viral video, had threatened President Muhammadu Buhari for visiting Maiduguri , Borno state last week following the… In "News"