The African Democratic Congress (ADC) has offered free tickets for presidential, governorship, and other elective positions to celebrities such as DJ Switch, Tuface, Omotola Jelade-Ekeinde, and striker, Ahmed Musa.  Voice of Nigeria reports that Ralph Nwosu, the party’s national chairman, disclosed this while receiving a certificate of endorsement of ADC as a party for Nigerian youths and women. Mr Nwosu explained that the party’s decision to opt for celebrities for the 2023 general election was part of its measures to encourage youth involvement and participation in politics, adding that entertainers have done more for the country than elected politicians. The party believed that the 2020 #EndSARS protests against police brutality succeeded because of celebrities’ endorsement and involvement. One of which was Instagram comedian Mr Macaroni and Dj Switch, a disc jockey who witnessed and live-streamed the military allegedly shooting of #EndSARS protesters in October. The party’s chairman assured the celebrities that they could vie for any elective position in the country on ADC’s platform provided they meet the constitution and INEC’s requirements. Also, Mr Nwosu praised Super Eagles striker, Ahmed Musa for taking an unusual decision to return to NPFL side Kano Pillars, despite playing in Europe and Asia for many years.  Source Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Some bigwigs in the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) have commenced underground scheming and politicking to prepare grounds in order to contest the party’s presidential ticket ahead of the 2023 general elections. Top sources in the party told our correspondent on Sunday in Abuja that the majority… In "Politics" By Friday Idachaba Lokoja - The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Kogi West stakeholders, on Monday endorsed the joint ticket of Musa Wada and Samuel Aro, as their choice for the Nov. 16 governorship election in the state. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the stakeholders, including party leaders, women… In "Politics" Who will be gearing up for 2023?A growing number of names have been floated as potential presidential aspirants in the 2023 general elections. They range from current and former governors to serving ministers and former presidential candidates. Many of these people are yet to openly declare interest in the race… In "Politics"