The Igbo National Council (INC) has demanded for the arrest of security heads in Imo State following the attack on the State police headquarters and Correctional centre on Monday by gunmen. President General of the Igbo group, Chilos Godsent in a statement yesterday noted that this has become necessary following their inability and incompetence to avert the incident. Godsent while condemning the attack claimed that it was politically motivated, considering its simultaneous occurrence in the State. He therefore urged the Federal Government to detrabilize the process of recruitment, training and promotion of members of the Nigeria security operatives for better functioning. He said “We are very surprise that number of gunmen can move into the heart of Owerri capital city with the number of vehicles they came in with and yet could not be spotted by the police, noting that there are several police check points within the government house Roundabout in Owerri. This is a complete failure of intelligence on the side of the security agencies. Godsent therefore urged the Federal Government to carryout a thorough forensic investigation of the ongoing militarization South east zone of Nigeria. (Sun News) The proscribed Indigenious People of Biafra (IPOB) has denied responsibility for Monday’s attacks on Imo Police Headquarters and Correctional Centre where over 2,000 inmates were freed. Its Media and Publicity Secretary Emma Powerful said the attacks were not carried out by operatives of Eastern Security Network (ESN). He said: “The… In "News" Igbo youths, under the aegis of the Coalition of South East Youth Leaders (COSEYL), and the leader of the Customary Government of Biafra, Mujahid Dokubo, have flayed the immediate Inspector General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu’s blame of the attack on Imo Police Headquarters and Correctional Centre on the Indigenous… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - After the attach by unknown gunmen on Police headquartets in the state, Imo State Governor, Hope Uzodinma and heads of security agencies are currently in an emergency security meeting at the Government House, Owerri. The meeting is coming few hours after unknown gunmen… In "Top Stories"