The Nigerian Communications Commission on Thursday announced the arrest of five suspects for allegedly engaging in the fraudulent registration and sales of Subscriber Identity Module cards.  It said the arrest was carried out by a joint team from the Compliance Monitoring and Enforcement Department of the commission, operatives of the Department of State Services and the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps in the Wuse area of Abuja. It disclosed this in a statement issued in Abuja on Thursday by the Director, Public Affairs, NCC, Ikechukwu Adinde. The statement read in part, “The arrested suspects were subsequently handed over to the NSCDC Federal Capital Territory Command, Wuse, Abuja for further investigation with respect to the allegations leveled against them.” NCC’s Head of Enforcement, Salisu Abdu, who led the joint enforcement exercise, said the operation was part of the routine activities embarked upon by the commission to rid the industry of criminal elements engaging in fraudulent registration of SIM cards. He said pre-registering a SIM card was an offence punishable under relevant regulations in the telecom sector and constitutes a breach of national security. Abdu said, “It is criminal and fraudulent to pre-register a SIM card in Nigeria and it is an offence punishable under the law. “Though the Federal Government recently lifted the ban on sale of new SIM cards, it should be noted that proper registration of SIM cards and linking them to National Identity Number before activation has now become a prerequisite.” Abdu warned those who were engaged in the unlawful registration of SIM cards to desist from the illegal act, as the commission would continue to collaborate with relevant law enforcement agencies in its routine enforcement activities. He said the enforcement exercise would continue in other locations in the FCT and other states across the country.  Source …Arrests 15 suspects for sale of fully activated SIM cards in Jigawa By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post)- Nigerian Communications Commission has imposed N5million fine for each of the five telecom operators using the 5.4GHz Spectrum Frequency illegally. The commission in its Compliance Monitoring and Enforcement report for Q4 2019… In "News" By Muhammad Nasir Bashir Dutse -   The Nigeria Communications Commission (NCC) has apprehended four suspects involved in selling pre-registered SIM cards in Jigawa. Mr Salisu Abdu, the NCC’s Head of Enforcement Unit, disclosed this while briefing newsmen in Dutse on Thursday. Abdu said that the suspects were arrested at… In "News" By Muhammad Nasir Bashir Dutse  -   The Nigeria Communications Commission (NCC) has apprehended four suspects involved in selling pre-registered SIM cards in Jigawa. Mr Salisu Abdu, the NCC’s Head of Enforcement Unit, disclosed this while briefing newsmen in Dutse on Thursday. Abdu said that the suspects were arrested at… In "News"