Popular rapper, Kanye West is seeking joint custody of his four children with estranged wife and reality star, Kim Kardashian, TMZ reported Monday.  The rapper’s response to Kardashian’s February divorce filing is “basically a mirror image” of his estranged wife’s petition, according to the site, which noted that the joint custody doesn’t necessarily mean a 50/50 split of North, 7, Saint, 5, Chicago, 3, and Psalm, 1. Kardashian, 40, and West, 43, are not seeking spousal support from each other — an interesting if not entirely unexpected development given the Grammy winner’s spending habits and the fact that the reality star was recently recognized as a billionaire. In addition, West wants them to be responsible for their own legal fees. Page Six reported in March that while the couple are co-parenting their children, they are no longer on speaking terms. West has requested that Kardashian not be at the couple’s home whenever he visits the children, and “even before Kim filed for divorce, Kanye changed his numbers and said, ‘You can contact me through my security,’” per a source. West and Kardashian had a prenup in place, making their split “an easy case of ‘You keep your money and I’ll keep mine,’” the source added.  Source Reality Tv star, Kim Kardashian and her husband Kanye West have reportedly embarked on a family getaway in a bid to save their marriage amid divorce rumours. According to TMZ, Kanye, 43, Kim, 39, jumped on a jet on Sunday and headed off with their four children for a private… In "Entertainment" Presidential aspirant and rapper, Kanye West reportedly spent $13.2 million including $12m of his own money on his campaign in 2020. The 43-year-old announced his 2020 United States presidential election campaign through Twitter on July 4, 2020, Independence Day, and on July 16, 2020, the campaign filed a Statement of… In "News" Reality star Kim Kardashian West reunited with her husband Kanye West on Monday July 27, after flying down to Wyoming for marriage crisis talks with the troubled rapper over his recent behavior on social media. The celebrity couple were pictured together in a vehicle, having an intense conversation after leaving… In "News"