Abuja (Sundiata Post)  President Muhammadu Buhari on his return from the UK on April 15th, 2021. Photo: Twitter@Bashir Ahmad. President Muhammadu Buhari has told Nigerians to expect continuity from his government after he returned from a medical trip to London, the United Kingdom. The Nigerian leader, 78, spoke with the press when he arrived in the country via the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport on Thursday afternoon. “Continuity,” Buhari said when asked what Nigerians should expect from his administration. He did not, however, specify any area. Buhari’s two-week medical vacation in London had generated controversy in the country. Critics and members of the main opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) voiced their concerns over the president’s frequent trips to the United Kingdom. Critics say a visit to the UK for medical reasons is an indictment on the Nigerian government. Twitter@Bashir Ahmad. “It is indeed worrisome that under President Buhari, even the hitherto highly rated State House Clinic, has become so moribund that it cannot provide a simple medical checkup service for Mr. President,” the PDP said in a statement in which it also accused the Buhari government of wasting taxpayers’ money. ‘Routine Checkup’ His health status became a subject of intense debates in the lead up to the 2019 general election with claims that he was unfit to govern the West African nation. But his media aides were quick to quash insinuations that their principal was gravely ill, insisting that the recent London visit was not an emergency but a routine medical checkup. “It is a routine medical check-up; the President has undertaken this with a set of doctors that he has retained over many years,” said Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity. Apart from banditry and clashes between herders and farmers especially in the northern part of Nigeria, the South-East region had in recent times experienced a wave of assault on security formations. Nigeria’s new IGP, Usman Alkali Baba. As the country continues to grapple with its security challenges, the President appointed a new Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Usman Alkali Baba, a man Buhari says is a round peg in a round hole. “He knows his job, he has been in it for a long time, he went through all the training, he has the necessary experience,” Buhari explained upon his return from the United Kingdom. “So, we have a high expectation from him. Channels TV PUBLISHED BYEmmanuel EgobiambuTAGS:Buhari news Buhari retun UK9 HOURS AGO Fresh from a two-week medical trip to the United Kingdom (UK), President Muhammadu Buhari put Acting Inspector-General (IG) Usman Baba on his toes. He told the police boss not to disappoint Nigerians, whose expectations are high in him as the acting IG. President Buhari returned to Abuja on Thursday after… In "News" President Muhammadu Buhari’s two-week medical vacation in London, the United Kingdom (UK), does not require the transfer of power to Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo, it was learnt yesterday. The President left Abuja at 4 p.m and arrived in London around 8.50 p.m yesterday. Ahead of the trip, he had met with… In "News" Nigeria's number one man, President Muhammadu Buhari has arrived in London,United Kingdom where he is to undergo a routine medical check-up. Presidential spokeperson, Bashir Ahmad shared a video of the president disembarking the airplane on Tuesday, March 31, as he arrived London. The president is expected back in the country… In "News"