Rivers state governor, Wike of Rivers state has lamented about the insecurity in the country and how nothing is being done about it.  The Rivers state Governor who spoke on Tuesday April 27 during an interactive session with some traditional rulers, political leaders, and other stakeholders at the government house in Port Harcourt, said Governors are running to Abuja to take photos with the President instead of tackling the challenges in their state. Wike also accused Governors under the All Progressives Congress (APC) of being insincere with their claims that their party has solved the problems of hunger and unemployment. He Said; “Nigeria has totally collapsed. Look at today — what happened in Nasarawa and Benue states; how they slaughtered people on the road. See what is happening in Niger state and the APC governor there is crying, saying he has been talking to the federal government but nobody has listened to him. And that Boko Haram has come to take over the state, which is closest to Abuja. “Look at Kaduna and Imo states; there is insecurity everywhere. The only anger I have with Imo state governor is this: I don’t know how people politicise things. “Nigeria has a lot of problems and they keep running to the villa everyday to disturb Mr. President, for him to see their faces, pose for photographs and will not allow him to work. “You know you have crisis at your place; you can’t stay to solve it. But every day, you go to see Mr. President so that the world will know that you’re close to him.”   Source By Chibuike Nwabuko   Abuja （Sundiata Post）-  Governor of Rivers State, Nyesom Wike, has lauded a former Minister of Defence, Lt. Gen. Theophilus Danjuma (retd.), for having the courage to say the truth about the killings by herdsmen across the country.   Wike said though it was not in his… In "Top Stories" PORT HARCOURT (Sundiata Post) - The Rivers State Chapter of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has said it was surprised at the reported condemnation of oil installation vandalism by the state Governor Nyesom Wike because of the governor’s antecedent in inciting young people against the Federal Government in the night… In "Top Stories" By Sotonye Ijuye-Dagogo I am compelled to react to Mr Oraye St. Franklyn’s latest piece on the violent political/cult killings in Rivers State captioned “APC’s politicisation of insecurity in Rivers State: Unpatriotic and bad for development” in which he tried frantically albeit unsuccessfully to absolve Governor Nyesom Wike of blame… In "Opinion"