Nigeria’s Israel Adesanya, the UFC middleweight champion bought his father a brand new Bentley after he saw him admiring the car.  Taking to his social media page, the UFC star revealed that he got his dad the new whip after he saw him admiring the car. He also accompanied his social media post with a video of his dad admiring a Bentley online. See his post below;Days ago, BMW has terminated its ambassadorial deal with Nigerian-New Zealand martial artist, Israel Adesanya over his recent rape comment. Earlier this week, Israel threatened to rape a fellow UFC fighter, Kevin Holland sparking outrage across the social media landscape. A BMW statement released to a sports magazine, Herald, read: “Due to the comments made by an athlete online, we have reviewed our pending association with the said athlete and we have decided not to push forward with a specific ambassador for the brand at this time in New Zealand.” Style Bender in an Instagram post, admitted to his flop when he apologized for making the rape threat comment and stated that he has learnt his lessons on public engagement from it.  Source Nigerian-born UFC middleweight champion, Israel Adesanya has been dropped as BMW brand ambassador. Adesanya, who was to be unveiled on Monday, March 29, 2021, as a brand ambassador to German vehicle manufacturer, BMW was shelved following his rape comment aimed at middleweight contender, Kevin Holland earlier this week. Replying to… In "Sports" Nigerian-born New Zealand fighter, Israel Adesanya has jokingly talked about going to Africa to bring 'juju' following his first career loss. Recall that he was defeated by Blachowicz in their light heavyweight UFC championship contest. The fight went the distance and all three judges’ scored the fight in favour of… In "News" Israel Adesanya once again proved his supremacy in the middleweight division with a second-round knockout win over Paulo Costa in the main event of UFC 253 on Saturday. The comprehensive victory has seen the self-acclaimed Stylebender retain his middleweight title in ruthless fashion. Adesanya before the fight had boasted he… In "Sports"