Adrian Clarke said Nigerian Kelechi Iheanacho is Premier League’s most clinical and in-form striker ahead of today’s trip to Southampton.  Iheanacho has scored 14 goals in his last 14 appearances for Leicester City in all competitions, finding the net nine times across his last seven top-flight starts. For the first time since joining Leicester, Iheanacho is enjoying an extended run up front alongside Jamie Vardy and revelling in Brendan Rodgers’ change from a 4-2-3-1 to a 3-4-1-2 formation. Southampton will need to be aware of Iheanacho’s threat today. Iheanacho reached the 10-goal mark in a season for the first time in his Premier League career when he netted the winner at home against Crystal Palace on Monday. His stats compare favourably with the division’s other leading strikers. The Nigerian is scoring at a faster rate than anybody else with 10 or more goals this term, and no other player on that list boasts a better conversion rate. While Vardy has struggled for goals, scoring only twice since Christmas, he deserves enormous credit for helping Iheanacho to blossom. Vardy made trademark sprints behind defenders down the left wing and produced perfect low crosses to set up Iheanacho for two simple finishes against Sheffield United. Iheanacho also scored in identical fashion against West Bromwich Albion thanks to the hard work of his team-mate. Vardy and Iheanacho work well in this regard, creating space with subtle runs. If Iheanacho continues this outstanding run of form, his goals will fire third-placed Leicester back into Europe and may even win them silverware.  Source Saturday was a great day for Nigerian striker, Kelechi Iheanacho. Not only did the former most sought after youngster in world football score a rare goal for Leicester City, his all round game elicited applause from even the hard to please Paul Le Guen. And now, the Super Eagles’ forward… In "Sports" Nigeria's Kelechi Iheanacho scored twice to help his team dump Manchester United out of the FA Cup. With the 3-1 over Machester United, Leicester City moved into the FA Cup semi-finals for the first time since 1981-82. While Iheanacho scored twice, his teammate, Tielemans got the other goal. The Foxes… In "Sports" Kelechi Iheanacho’s header sent Leicester City into the FA quarter-finals for the second time in a row as they pipped Percy Tau’s Brighton & Hove Albion 1-0 on Wednesday. After replacing Jamie Vardy in the 62nd minute, the Foxes had to wait for Iheanacho to turn Youri Tielemans’ cross into… In "Sports"