The acting Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Usman Baba, has revealed what is causing the low morale among officers.  According to him, recent attacks on police stations across Nigeria and killing of officers have dampened police officers’ morale. In recent times, police stations in the South East and some states in the South-South have been attacked by gunmen. The latest incident took place on Monday, April 19 as unidentified hoodlums razed the zone 13 police headquarters in Ukpo, Anambra state. IGP Baba after meeting with President Buhari on Monday told newsmen that efforts are being put in place to ensure that the situation is adequately addressed to ensure improved security, and also motivate officers to discharge their duties professionally. “As you are aware, the morale of many police officers has been seriously dampened now because of the rampant killings of officers. “So we need to do a kind of motivational work to ensure that we raise the morale of police, and this we have started, and I believe it’s going to yield a positive result in due time. “I have promised to do my best to change the narrative. In view of the renewed attacks on police formations, the order is for me to do my best, and see how we can go about solving the problem of internal security in this country. “I have taken over the very crucial time. I am fully aware of the situation in the country, and I am introducing what I feel will mitigate these security challenges. “I’ve started implementing them, and I’m ready to come on board with the president so that we can get all the support that is necessary to go about it. “Also I need some improvement in both logistics, manpower, and equipment,” he said.   Source Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Usman Baba, the new acting inspector-general of police (IGP), has expressed concern over the recent attacks on stations across the country. Speaking with journalists after a meeting with President Muhammadu Buhari on Monday, Baba said the morale of officers has been negatively affected as a result… In "Top Stories" Gov Sanwolu Commend Police for Exercising Restraint During Violent Attacks on Officers and Formation in Lagos …Adamu: ‘Destruction uncalled for, police tracking culprits’ Lagos State Governor, Mr. Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Tuesday, received the Inspector General of Police (IGP) Muhammed Adamu, at the State House in Marina on a commiseration visit.… In "Security" Resignation letters from hundreds of officers in the aftermath of the #EndSARS protests have allegedly been rejected by the Inspector General of Police, Mohammed Adamu. Senior officers confided that hundreds of policemen were ready to leave after their humiliation and burning of stations. “There is no amount of talk that… In "News"