Smile Telecoms Holding announced on March 30th 2021 that its Restructuring Plan had been approved by the English courts and agreed amongst its Lenders, a new restructuring tool recently made available in the UK which helps facilitate the injection of new money by way of a debt restructuring. A close source to the transaction affirmed that  Smile is the first non-European company to achieve such feat. According to a very reliable source the restructuring plan that also regulates how the new funds will be injected should have closed on March 19th. This did not happen on that date , as Public Investment Corporation (PIC), the pension fund for South African ( a shareholder and Lender) elected not to support the Restructuring Plan and put the interest of the Smile, other 5 Lenders and other shareholders at risk and was after the negative publicity that some media circulated thinking wrongly it was the end road for Smile. The Shareholders of Smile and namely Alnahal the major shareholder mitigated this risk and did the necessary to get the Restructuring Plan approved on March 30,2021. LONDON - Barclays has raised 603 million pounds ($876 million) by selling a 12.2 percent stake in Barclays Africa Group, a crucial first step in a plan to curb risk and refocus on core markets in Britain and United States. Barclays is selling down its 62 percent stake in the… In "Business" Japan's Sharp Corp (6753.T) said it may reduce its capital and issue preferred shares as part of a planned restructuring, but worries about potential dilution from the new issuance and other possible fund raising sent its shares plunging 26 percent.Battered by competition from cheaper Asia rivals in its core liquid… In "News" Loss-making Japanese electronics maker Sharp Corp (6753.T) may spin off its LCD panel business and seek funding for it from the government-backed Innovation Network Corporation of Japan (INCJ), a source familiar with the plan said on Sunday. The Nikkei business daily earlier reported that the LCD unit, which supplies displays… In "News"