Amidst rising tension across the country, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Governors Forum, yesterday, said an urgent devolution of power and restructuring of the polity has become imperative, as the country cannot afford another civil war. The Forum raised the alarm that the country is fast becoming a failed state, under the All Progressives Congress (APC) led federal government.The PDP governors expressed worries that all fault lines and differences in the country has been stretched to the limit by the present administration, because it allegedly lacks the capacity to governors.The opposition governors stated this, in a communique, issued at the end of their meeting, in the Benue State capital, Makurdi. The meeting was attended by Governors Aminu Waziri Tambuwal, Sokoto State; Okezie Ikpeazu, Abia State; Udom Emmanuel, Akwa Ibom State; Douye Diri , Bayelsa State; Samuel Ortom, Benue State; Ifeanyi Okowa, Delta State andIfeanyi Ugwuanyi, Enugu State.Others were Nyesom Wike, Rivers State; Oluseyi Abiodun Makinde, Oyo State, Darius Dickson Ishaku, Taraba State; Ahmadu Umaru Fintiri, -Adamawa State; -Godwin Obaseki, Edo State and deputy governor of Bauchi State, Baba Tela. Also in attendance were the PDP National chairman, Uche Secondus and the Board of Trustees (BoT), Walid JibrinThe PDP Governors Forum, in the communique, which was read by Tambuwal , who is the chairman of the Forum , stated that the country is dire need of a government at the federal level “to avert the looming disaster.” According to the governors, the alleged incapacity of the APC led administration to govern has resulted to “ethnic and tribal tensions, religious divisions, and various forms of social and political cleavages.”They added that it is alarming that “security of lives and property of Nigerians are no longer guaranteed under the present government as a result of leadership incompetence and mismanagement of the nation’s affairs “ Sun News ...Urged Buhari to Come Out Clean on the Herdsmen Killings ...Condemns Protracted Fuel Crises ...Called on Buhari to Direct the EFCC to adhere to the Rule of Law by obeying Court judgments and orders By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Peoples Democratic Party (PDP)  said that its platform is open… In "Top Stories" By Emmanuel Mogbede Abuja  -   The All Progressives Congress (APC) on Wednesday in Abuja, constituted a committee to articulate its position on restructuring of the country as agitations in that regard increases. The party`s National Publicity Secretary, Mallam Bolaji Abdullahi, made this known in a statement. He said that the… In "Politics" YENAGOA (Sundiata Post) - The PDP Governors Forum after a two-hour meeting in Yenagoa on Tuesday morning has raised an alarm that the nation is sliding into a dictatorship going by the invasion of Akwa Ibom State Government House by operatives of the Department of State Security (DSS). Two of… In "Metro"