The caretaker chairman of the All Progressives Congress, Mai Mala Buni has reacted to the attack on the Geidam community by Boko Haram insurgents in the state.  The Yobe state Governor who spoke during a special security meeting with government officials, traditional rulers, and security agencies on Tuesday April 27, at Government House in Damaturu, the state capital, appealed to all residents in the state to expose every bad egg in the communities even if they are their relations. Buni Said; “As leaders and citizens in our respective communities, we must volunteer credible and timely information to the security agencies to enhance proactive action in curbing the menace and havoc caused by the terrorists. “We must expose every bad egg in our communities even if they are our relations or biological children.” Stressing that the attack on Geidam community has left thousands of people displaced and properties worth millions of naira destroyed, the Governor blamed the influx of insurgents on the geographical location of Geidam sitting close to the fringes of Lake Chad and bordering the Niger Republic and Damasak, a town in Borno State. Buni also assured the residents of the security of their lives and properties, and urged them to collaborate with the government by providing credible information for the security agencies to curb imminent attacks by the insurgents. He Added; “The sad resurgence of Boko Haram attacks on Geidam, in which some lives were lost with men, women, children, young and old forced out of their homes and displaced in this holy month of Ramadan, is condemnable, crude and grossly inhumane.”  Source Gunmen suspected to be Boko Haram insurgents on Thursday attacked Geidam town in Yobe State. They shot sporadically, causing pandemonium. Sources said the terrorists targeted shops, looting goods before setting the shops ablaze. A resident, Modu Ali, told The Nation that the insurgents also torched the house of a former… In "News" Senators and three governors on Tuesday expressed concern about the nationwide ceaseless killings and kidnappings in the country, urging the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd,), to seek foreign help. The lawmakers, while debating a motion on activities of Boko Haram in Niger State, described insecurity in the country as… In "News" Buni-Yadi (Yobe)  -   Yobe Government in collaboration with the Nigerian Army on Saturday reopened the 132km Damaturu-Biu federal road, which was blocked three years ago by Boko Haram insurgents. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the road, which was a major link between Yobe and southern part… In "Top Stories"