The President, World Bank Group, Mr David Malpass, said the group is working actively in collaboration with the International Monetary Fund on the common framework that the G20 established for dealing with debt overhang and debt burdens.  He said this while responding to questions at the press conference at the 2021 spring meeting on Wednesday. Malpass said, “We are working actively in collaboration with the IMF on the common framework that the G20 established for dealing with debt overhang and debt burdens. “It’s focused on the poorest countries, the IDA countries, and we look forward to progress on that. “The G20 has, I think, in the deliberations this week, a call for the first creditor committee to be formed under the common framework.” He noted that many of the middle-income countries had access problems to market-based finance, and they also had rising fiscal deficits that were problematic. World Bank names Senegal’s ex-finance minister to head IFCWhile stressing the relevance of transparency, he said the group needed to look for a more balanced relationship between creditors and debtors. “The creditor – the system right now is favourable to creditors in terms of using court enforcement of liens, for example, to enforce contracts, even with sovereign governments,” he said. He said that a major challenge facing middle-income countries was that collateralised debt was very hard to restructure.   PUNCH.  Washington - World Bank’s new President David Malpass will be making his first foreign trip to sub-Saharan Africa to highlight his vision for the bank’s poverty reduction and development agenda, the bank said on Friday A World Bank spokesman said in Washington that Malpass would be traveling this weekend to… In "Foreign" By Racheal Ishaya Abuja - The Executive Directors of the World Bank on Friday unanimously selected David Malpass as President of the World Bank Group for a five-year term, beginning on Tuesday, April 9.The World Bank in a press release published on its website, said the appointment followed a transparent… In "News" Poor countries are to enjoy the suspension of debt servicing for six more months, the Group of 20 (G20) nations announced on Wednesday. The economic giants said they were extending the suspension for the world’s poorest countries until June 2021.   In April, the industrialised nations pledged to suspend debt… In "Foreign"