Data released by World Trade Organisation showed on Friday has revealed that Nigeria is the number one importer of commercial services in Africa in 2020.  The Geneva-based international trade organisation ranked Nigeria 25th commercial importer in the world but the first commercial importer in Africa followed by Egypt which was ranked 28th in the world. While Egypt and Morocco made the list of world exporters led by the United States, Nigeria was conspicuously absent in the global commercial exporters’ list. The US also ranked first in the commercial importers’ list followed by China, United Kingdom and Japan; while US, UK, China and India topped the exporters’ list. WTO noted that preliminary estimates were based on quarterly statistics. “Figures for a number of countries and territories have been estimated by the Secretariat,” it said. “Data for 2020 are not yet available for the United Arab Emirates. In 2019, commercial services exports were valued at US$72 billion and imports at US$73 billion.” Nigeria’s former Finance Minister, Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, is the first African and first female director-general in the 26-year history of the WTO.  Source But if there is an international job that would be strenuous now, Dr. Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala’s job at the World Trade Organisation (WTO) is that. She would step in at a time the world economy is in a very terrible shape and yearns for quick-fixes. In addition to the normal tide,… In "Opinion" By Adedapo David Adamolekun On June 9, 2020, the WTO communicated on its website that ‘Nigeria, on 9 June 2020, nominated Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala for the post of WTO Director-General to succeed the current Director-General, Mr Roberto Azevêdo, who has announced he will step down on 31 August 2020.’The WTO’s… In "Opinion" Nigeria, South Africa and Egypt account for about half of the African economy says new data released by the World Bank Group last week. The report which ranked global economies on the basis of the strength of their currency said that China will overtake the United States of America by… In "Business"