A female rice farmer, identified as Amaka Okafor, was allegedly attacked by people suspected to be herdsmen in Ayede Ogbese, Akure North Local Government Area of Ondo State on Wednesday.  It was gathered that the herdsmen met the woman on her farm and wanted to graze on the farm but the victim tried to stop them from destroying her rice plantation. According to a source, the encounter led to an argument between them and the herdsmen allegedly inflicted machete cut injuries on the woman, leaving her unconscious on the farm and ran away. The source said the 37-year-old woman was inflicted with machete cuts on her head and hands by the herders, adding that she was rushed to a hospital for treatment. Confirming the incident, the Public Relations Officer, Mr Tee-Leo Ikoro, said the command had commenced investigation into the matter. “The good news is that the victim could identify the assailants and we have begun investigation into it. The woman is recuperating at the hospital,” Ikoro stated.  Source By Douglas Okoro Ishiagu (Ebonyi) -   Palpable tension has enveloped the Amaeze Community in Ishiagu, Ebonyi state, after 30-year-old Miss Chinenye Aroh, was brutally attacked and abandoned unconscious in a farm by yet-to-be identified assailants. A relation of the victim, Christy Aja, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in… In "News" UYO - There is palpable tension in Nkek village, Ukanafun Local Government Area of Akwa Ibom state following the death of certain Lucky Christopher Udoakpan  suspected to have been killed by herdsmen. The council chairman, Mr. Uko Idiong, who disclosed this to our correspondent on Sunday, via a telephone call,… In "Metro" •Imo State governor, Emeka Ihedioha By Stanley Uzoaru OWERRI - Amakohia-Ubi community in Owerri West Local Government Area of Imo State are presently at daggers drawn with herdsmen that invaded their community penultimate week. A source from the community who did not want his name mentioned told our correspondent that… In "Top Stories"