President Muhammadu Buhari has returned to Nigeria after spending about two weeks in London for ‘medical checkup’ and ‘rest.’  Buhari arrived Abuja at about 5 p.m. on Thursday. Buhari left for London on March 30, with the latest visit met by outcry, and his critics enraged at his frequent trips abroad for medical treatment and the country’s frail health care system. His frequent trips abroad for medical treatment have brought criticism about the government’s transparency over his illness and worries about leadership during some of his longer absences.117760175 Muhammadubuharilondontravelsforunitedkingdommedicine117760175 Muhammadubuharilondontravelsforunitedkingdommedicine The main opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) condemned the trip, saying it was an indication that Nigeria’s health care system had failed.“It is indeed worrisome that under President Buhari, even the hitherto highly rated State House Clinic, has become so moribund that it cannot provide a simple medical checkup service for Mr. President,” the PDP said in a statement. The party said Buhari’s frequent trips were a drain on the treasury. “The PDP is disturbed that while Mr. President jets out for medical treatment in well-equipped hospitals abroad, our hospitals and medical personnel are in very sorry situation while millions of our compatriots suffer,” it said. Both the local media and Nigerians on social media expressed their outrage over the latest trip. Members of the Nigerian diaspora ld by former Presidential aide, Reno Omokri, organised protests in London against the president’s visit. Omokri said it was worrisome that Buhari left the shores of Nigeria foramedical trip the very day doctors in government hospitals declared a strike over inadequate pay and facilities. President Muhammadu Buhari’s two-week medical vacation in London, the United Kingdom (UK), does not require the transfer of power to Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo, it was learnt yesterday. The President left Abuja at 4 p.m and arrived in London around 8.50 p.m yesterday. Ahead of the trip, he had met with… In "News" President Muhammadu Buhari chose the best time to embark on his frequent medical tours to London to be the period when Nigeria doctors under the aegis of National Association of Resident Doctors (NARD) is on strike due to poor condition of service and many other unfulfilled promises by the federal… In "Opinion" By Emmanuel Akinwotu   ABUJA, Nigeria  —  President Muhammadu Buhari of Nigeria, who has urged politicians not to go abroad to seek medical care, has traveled to Britain on his fifth official trip to see a doctor there. Mr. Buhari, 75, left for London on Monday for a four-day visit,… In "Top Stories"