Seven persons have been confirmed dead, with many others injured, after armed Fulani herdsmen attacked Abagena community, in Makurdi Local Government Area of Benue State where Internally Displaced Persons camp is located. According to a report by DAILY POST, angry youths, who were enraged by the killings, took the Makurdi-Lafia road to protest on Tuesday morning, blocking the roads with the dead bodies. Reacting, the State Governor, Samuel Ortom in a statement, described the attack on the IDPs’ camp as inhuman, barbaric and unacceptable. The governor called on President Muhammadu Buhari to live up to his responsibility of protecting Nigerians. He lamented that in the last two weeks, over seventy persons had been killed in Makurdi Local Government alone, while various communities across Benue were suffering from the atrocities of the same militia herdsmen. Ortom also called for urgent action against the activities of militia herdsmen across the country. He was quoted to have said: “If the Federal Government had taken the issue of militia herders seriously, it wouldn’t have escalated to this level.” Force Commander of the Military spike Operation codenamed Operation Whirl Stroke (OPWS), Maj. Gen. Adeyemi Yekini, on Tuesday, said that his troops are neither overwhelmed nor overstretched by the security challenges in the three states of their operation. Major General Yekini further stated that the OPWS started operation in Benue,… In "News" Makurdi -   Gov Samuel Ortom has decried the ‘deplorable conditions’ of the camps hosting people displaced by the incessant attacks on Benue rural communities, and called for urgent measures to address the situation. “The camps are terrible; the living conditions there are nauseating. Something urgent must be done to… In "Top Stories" Makurdi  - The wife of the President, Mrs Aisha Buhari, on Wednesday donated assorted relief materials to Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) in Benue. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Mrs Buhari, who was in Benue to empathise with the state government on the recent farmers/herdsmen crisis, was represented… In "News"