Following calls for the sack of the Minister of Communication and Digital Economy, Dr. Ali Isa Pantami over his alleged links with terrorists, the Minister of Information and Culture, Lai Mohammed has broken his silence.  Speaking after the weekly Federal Executive Council (FEC) meeting on Wednesday the minister talked about Pantami. According to him, the controversy surrounding him was not discussed at the FEC meeting. Various groups had in the last few days called for Pantami’s sack or resignation. The raging controversy around Pantami was over his alleged past positions on activities of extremist groups, Al-Qaeda and Taliban, which he was reported to have approved and commended. However State House Correspondents asked the Minister of Information and Culture, Lai Mohammed, if the FEC discussed the brewing crisis on Pantami’s case, especially as demands had been made by the public. Mohammed had led the Minister of Works and Housing, Babatunde Fashola to the State House media gallery for the post-FEC briefing. Mohammed was asked whether the council discussed the matter and if the government was comfortable with its burden on its image. Mohammed said: “I’m not going to go into the issue of whether government is comfortable or not. I will answer your question directly. It was not discussed at the council meeting.”  Source The Department of State Security, DSS has been urged to weild into the controversy surrounding the Minister of Communication and Digital Economy, Sheikh Isa Pantami. A civil society group, Concerned Nigerians, on Monday, urged DSS to recommend Pantami's sack to President Muhammadu Buhari. The recent public outcry against Pantami’s alleged… In "News" The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has urged the Department of State Services (DSS) to immediately invite the Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Isa Pantami, for questioning over his alleged links to the Al-Qaeda and Taliban terror groups. The party, the Middle Belt Forum (MBF), Human Rights Writers Association of… In "News" •Dr Isa Pantami THIS is a difficult column to write because although scores of people have importuned me to intervene in the controversy regarding Communication and Digital Economy Minister Isa Ali Ibrahim Pantami’s utterances before he came into government, my wife, who knows Pantami is my friend, pleaded with me… In "Opinion"