By SYLVANUS VIASHIMA JALINGO – Five persons reportedly returning from a wedding were allegedly killed Friday morning by Nigerian soldiers at Bassa village in Ardo-Kola Local Government Area of Taraba State. The victims identified as Abdulkadir Bello, Tukur Bello, Philip Yakubu, Habu Yarima and Ya’u Misa, were reportedly returning from a wedding ceremony in Garin-Baka around midnight on motorcycles when the soldiers on patrol allegedly opened fire at them leading to the unfortunate deaths. One of the youth who escaped Isah Umar, said that he and his friends riding on motorcycles back  to their village , Basa, ran into the soldiers who, on sighting the convoy of their motorcycles, opened fire on them. He said he escaped into the bush but his friend Habu Yerima who conveyed him on his motorcycle was not lucky as he was  hit by a bullet and died instantly. Parents of the victims who besieged the mortuary of Federal Medical Centre, Jalingo told reporters that their children were murdered in cold blood. Bello Aliyu Jen, a father whose two sons were killed, said that “we need justice, the army must be account for the gruesome murder of our innocent children,” he said. The Police Public Relations Officer David Misal said he was yet to receive details of the case and the army authorities could not be reached for comments as at the time of this report. (Daily Sun) Following the killing of three officers of the Inspector General of Police, IGP, Intelligence Response Team, IRT, in Taraba State by soldiers who freed a kidnap kingpin, the army captain, who allegedly gave the order for their elimination has been arrested. However, a source in the Army said last night… In "Security" Not a few residents of Ketu-speaking villages in Yewa North Local Government Area, Ogun State were brutalised by soldiers who escorted herdsmen to graze in the communities, prompting residents and monarchs to cry out to the military and state government for help, KUNLE AKINRINADE reports.Seye Mulero panted like a rat… In "News" Ten persons, including a traditional ruler, the Onu Agbenema, Musa Edibo; and his wife have been killed, while several houses were burnt down by suspected herdsmen in separate attacks on Agbenema, Aj’Ichekpa, Opada and Iyade villages, on Monday. Agbenema is in Omala Local Government Area of Kogi State. The attackers… In "Top Stories"