•Emma Powerful AWKA – The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has condemned the suspension and fine of N5m slammed on Channels Television by the National Broadcast Commission (NBC) for conducting a live, uncensored telephone interview with its Media and Publicity Secretary, Emma Powerful on their prime time news show. The group described the action as irrational, draconian and hypocritical, saying that it has simply confirmed its long-standing position that Nigeria is currently under a tyrant whose mission is to actualise total Islamisation and Fulani conquest of the country. IPOB in a statement by its Media and Publicity Secretary, Emma Powerful, said that NBC’s action against Channels Television was meant to gag and intimidate the press into total submission. The statement partly reads: “It’s part of the calculated attempt towards suppressing the press and blocking the outside world access to atrocities being perpetrated against indigenous peoples in Nigeria. “We are not surprised but along with all good men and women of conscience, we strongly condemn, in the strongest possible terms, this wicked and undemocratic action. “This is how they hurriedly and unjustifiably proscribed IPOB and tagged its innocent members terrorists without according the movement the right of defense in a law court. Nigeria is a country where injustice, hypocrisy and falsehood hold sway. “How many times has the Islamic cleric, Sheikh Gunmi met with Fulani terrorists and Fulani bandits and the outcome of their parley aired on national televisions without NBC bathing an eyelid? How many times has the Boko Haram leader, Shekau’s messages and threats been aired uncensored on national television without NBC imposing any sanctions on NTA? “We have always said it that Nigeria and its security agencies lose sleep when a matter has to do with IPOB and Biafra. Nigeria has not sanctioned her Minister of Communications, a known terror apologist and staunch supporter of mass murderers yet she is using state instruments of intimidation against an innocent media house for interviewing a spokesperson of a persecuted people. “That Aso Rock viciously and wickedly turned against their long term buddy, Channels Television, tells you all you need to know about Fulani.” Powerful said that security agencies were rattled by his revelation that its Commander, Ikonso was not killed in ESN camp but in his father’s house. He added: “The bitter truth the Nigerian Government didn’t want people to hear, which IPOB disclosed at the said interview, was that Ikonso was murdered in his father’s house, not in any imaginary ESN camp or battlefield as the security agencies would hope to have people believe. “The same Army, Police and DSS in Imo State that never for one day arrested or prosecuted any Fulani terror herdsman ravaging Imo State before the coming of Ikonso; the same Nigerian security agents that have always provided cover for terrorists and bandits, had the guts to ambush and kill the only man that drove Fulani terrorist herdsmen out of Imo State. “Something Hope Uzodinma, Ohaneze Ndigbo and those Efulefus that conspired to kill him was not able to do. Commander Ikonso and the men with him in his father’s house were murdered by the Nigerian state with the help of APC politicians and Ohanaeze Ndigbo leadership in Imo State. The worst part is that they lied about it. “Why is Nigeria always afraid of the truth? After spreading blatant falsehood about how it murdered Ikonso the Imo State Commander of Eastern Security Network (ESN), IPOB was contacted to put the records straight, after which all hell broke loose at NBC.” IPOB also accused Nigerian media of initially failing in their part to investigate and report the accurate information about the death of Commander Ikonso and those with him saying that sections of the media only peddled lies and fake news dished out by the security agencies that murdered Ikonso in his sleep. “The Federal Government of Nigeria knows they cannot suppress the truth as far as IPOB is concerned. We will always put the records straight because the facts will always speak for itself. “We are not Miyetti Allah and we don’t kill or attack innocent individuals but Fulani terrorists herdsmen masquerading as cattle herders in our bushes and forests. This was the mandate of ESN and the cause for which Ikonso, a hero and gallant, patriotic Biafran and his men were murdered in cold blood. “Commander Ikonso was only defending the land of his ancestors. He was murdered with the active connivance of Hope Uzodinma, George Obiozor and APC politicians in Imo State. They wanted to cover this atrocity but when Channels Television gave us the opportunity to tell the truth, the murderers in uniform and their masters in Aso Rock became offended,” the statement added. ABUJA - The Nigerian Guild of Editors (NGE) has accused the National Broadcasting Commission (NBC) of double standards in suspending Channels TV programme 'Politics Today' over an interview, on Sunday, the broadcast station had with spokesman of IPOB, Emmanuel Powerful. The full statement released Monday night reads: The Nigerian Guild… In "Top Stories" THE Indigenous People of Biafra said on Monday that there was enough money to fund its security arm known as the Eastern Security Network. The group’s Media and Publicity Secretary, Emma Powerful, stated this in a press statement, adding that ESN was funded by IPOB members resident in 120 countries.… In "News" •IPOB leader, Nnamdi Kanu  OWERRI - Leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, (IPOB) Mazi Nnamdi Kanu is presently enraged by the comment of the Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria (MACBAN) to extend its vigilante outfit to other parts of the country, warning that if implemented, will lead… In "Top Stories"