Nigerian comedian and actor, Okey Bakassi has lambasted President Buhari for travelling to the UK for medical checkup.  The comedian in a video via his Instagram account noted that no President who loves his country or leading a country with substance travels to another country for a medical checkup. He also asked why the President’s doctors cannot be flown in or why the Aso Rock hospital isn’t well equipped. “No President who loves his country or leading a country with substance travels to another country for medical checkup. “We have never heard that Australian President, South African President or even the President of Ghana goes to another country for medical checkups. “It hurts me so much that Nigeria which is known as a giant of Africa doesn’t have a proper medical care system. “All Buhari does is incur more debts for. Nigeria with his incessant travels. The same money they squander in putting together his medical trip to other countries should be used to set up fully equipped hospitals in the country. “Theres no equipment that a hospital needs that Nigerian government cannot buy. This is the same government that wants to build railway for Niger republic and refinery of 1.5 billion dollars. “I think its high time we as individuals in this country wake up,” he said. See Video Below; A post shared by Okey Bakassi (@okeybakassi) Popular Abuja prophet, Joshua Iginla has warned President Muhammadu Buhari, to take care of his health by “adhering to medical advice”. Iginla, who first predicted Buhari’s sudden unscheduled medical trip, warned him not to “allow politicians play politics with his health.” The cleric,  said he saw the vision while in… In "News" It is wildly preposterous, the rumour trending on social media and across the country, that the man presiding over the nation from Aso Rock, is not the elected President Muhammadu Buhari. The troubling assertion is that a Buhari doppelgänger called Jubrin was conjured up to replace our President who rumour… In "Social Media Feeds" •Buhari In most parts of the world, it feels like the world has come to, or is coming to, an end. Routines have been displaced. Familiar reality has been ruptured. Even habitual perceptions of the world around us are being disrupted. And people are gripped by immobilising panic and anxiety.… In "Opinion"