•Lai Mohammed ABUJA – The Federal Government says the reported decision of the United Kingdom to grant asylum to “persecuted” members of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) is disrespectful to Nigeria as a nation. The Minister of Information and Culture, Lai Mohammed, also said that the decision amounted to sabotaging the fight against terrorism and generally undermining Nigeria’s security. Fielding questions at a News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) flagship interview programme, NANForum, on Tuesday in Abuja, Mr Mohammed said the decision is unacceptable to Nigeria. “Let me say straight away that this issue is within the purview of the Honourable Minister of Foreign Affairs and I am sure he will handle it appropriately. “But as the spokesman for the Federal Government of Nigeria, I will say that if indeed the report that the UK will grant asylum to supposedly persecuted IPOB and MASSOB members is true, then something is wrong somewhere. “Against the background of the fact that IPOB is not only proscribed but also designated as a terrorist organisation here in Nigeria, the UK’s decision is disrespectful of Nigeria as a nation. “The decision amounts to sabotaging the fight against terrorism and generally undermining Nigeria’s security. “It is not only unconscionable, but it is also inexplicable,” he said. The minister said that there had recently been heightened attacks against security agencies in the South-East zone. He said IPOB had been fingered as being behind the attacks in spite of its denials. “For the UK to choose this time to give succour to IPOB beggars belief and calls to question the UK’s real intention. “If we could go down the memory lane, what the UK has done is like Nigeria offering asylum to members of the IRA before the 1998 Good Friday Peace Agreement,” he said. (NAN) Lagos   -     The Federal Government says Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) is not set up to fight for right of anyone or group but a tool by opposition to destabilise the country. Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, said this at a news conference in Lagos on Sunday… In "News" Members of IPOB took the streets of Israel to demand for the freedom of Biafra. The group alleged that Hausa-Fulani are killing them in their homeland. The protest was organised days after the group was proscribed and declared a terrorist group in Nigeria Days after being proscribed and declared a… In "News" The Federal Government has accused the International Criminal Court, ICC, and Amnesty International, AI, of becoming part of the country’s security challenges by attacking the country’s security forces and threatening them with prosecution. The Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, made the accusation in his a parley with… In "News"