Candidates of the All progressives Congress (APC) disqualified from contesting the local government elections in Rivers State, have expressed their grievances against the state party leadership.  The candidates and supporters of Senator Magnus Abe said fresh doom was looming in Rivers APC. Speaking at the Freedom House, Port Harcourt, on Friday, they said it was worrisome their disqualification came following a letter written to the Rivers State Independent Electoral Commission (RSIEC) by Minister of Transportation, Chibuike Amaechi. The disqualified APC candidate from Degema Local Government, Ilamabo Mirilla, who read the statement on behalf of others, alleged the Minister and leader of APC in Rivers, in the letter to RSIEC told the commission that the party would not be part of the election. They described the action of the Minister as unfortunate, saying the development occurred after they had perfected all modalities required to partake in the poll scheduled for April 17. According to them, the recent judgement of the Supreme Court, which authenticated the legality of Amaechi’s camp’s executive committee, did not announce their disqualification from the poll. They said: “For a party that has not won any major election since its founding in the state, and, in fact, did not participate in the 2019 general elections, the writing to RSIEC to stop us is pointer to a deeper political malaise in our beloved party, which malaise, if not excised, will spell doom for the party soon”. They urged the national leadership of APC to stop sitting on the fence in matters affecting the party in Rivers under the leadership of the Minister.   Source By Lizzy Ikuru   Port Harcourt   -     The All Progressives Congress (APC) in Rivers says it will not participate in the alleged illegality of the Rivers State Independent Electoral Commission’s (RSIEC) proposed conduct of Local Government Councils Elections on June 16, 2018. The Chairman of APC in Rivers, Chief Davies… In "Politics" PORT HARCOURT - The All Progressives Congress (APC) in Rivers State has advised the governor of the state, Chief Nyesom Wike, to start packing his bags with a view to vacating the Government House in Port Harcourt as there is no way he could avoid being removed by the State… In "News" PORT HARCOURT (Sundiata Post) - The All Progressives Congress (APC) in Rivers State has alleged a grand conspiracy between the Independent Electoral Commission (INEC) and some judges to frustrate the party’s petitions brought before the tribunals in respect of the March 28 and April 11 general elections in the state.… In "News"