In the aftermath of last Monday’s invasion of Owerri Custodial Centre by gunmen, the House of Representatives has called for a security beef-up of the various custodial centers across the country. The Chairman, House Committee on Reformatory Institutions, Anayo Edwin, in a statement on Wednesday, said it is worrisome that about 1,800 inmates escaped from the Owerri Custodial Centre during the invasion. Edwin, while condemning the attacks on Owerri prisons as well as police formations in Imo State, called on the Department of State Security (DSS) to unravel the immediate and remote causes of the attacks so as to forestall a reoccurrence. He also charged the security agencies to find perpetrators and ensure that they face the full wrath of the law. ‘The security agencies must strive to avoid a situation where criminals attack custodial centers at will and set the inmates free,’ he stated. Edwin, while charging the security agencies to redouble their efforts to re-arrest the escapees and return them to the facility, urged the public to report suspicious movements around them to the nearest police station. According to him, it is not in the interest of the country and citizens to allow the inmates roam about freely. He assured that the House, upon resumption from its Easter holiday, would ensure better support for security agencies to enable them safeguard public facilities. Edwin added that his committee will interface with the Ministry of Interior and the Nigerian Correctional Service to explore ways to ensure that the custodial centres are better secured. Sun News •Acting Controller-General of Corrections, John Mrabure  The Nigerian Correctional Service (NCoS) on Monday afternoon gave the official account of how the Owerri Custodial Centre in Imo State was attacked by unknown gunmen and forcefully released a total of 1,844 inmates in custody. “The attackers who stormed the facility at about… In "Top Stories" Following the jailbreak at Owerri Custodial Centre in Imo state, the Nigerian Correctional Service has disclosed that six inmates have returned voluntarily. On Monday, April 5, the correction facility in Owerri, Imo state was attacked by unknown gunmen. 35 inmates reportedly refused to escape while six inmates who escaped the… In "News" •Ogechi Ogu Nigeria has for very long grappled with the crisis of an escalating population of awaiting trial inmates in some of the 243 Correctional Centres in the country especially those in urban areas. Various efforts to address this crisis since the return to democracy in 1999, including through prison… In "Opinion"