Men of the Ondo State Security Network Agency, otherwise called Amotekun Corps, have rescued two women and a man, who were abducted by gunmen while travelling from Benue State to Akure, the Ondo State capital, after a church service. The names of the victims were given as Mr. Adewale Adebisi, 52, Miss Ahan Mary, 21 and Miss Ladi Bude, 23. They were abducted on Saturday on the Ifira-Iduani Road in Ose Local Government. Two suspects were arrested in connection with the kidnapping during the rescue. A distress call was said to have been received by the Amotekun Corps and they mobilised to comb the forest to rescue the victims. The bus driver, Adebisi, said they were returning from a church service when they were flagged down by eight young men, who emerged from the bush. “They had cutlasses; one of them carried a locally-made gun. “They asked us to start moving into the bush until men of the Amotekun corps came and rescued us.” Ondo Amotekun Commander Chief Adetunji Adeleye, who confirmed the rescue of the three victims, said the operatives combed the forest in Ose Local Government and rescued the victims. “We thank God for the release of the victims. Our men are still on ground combing the bush. “The safety of the life and property of the Ondo State people is paramount to the corps. “We will continue to ensure their safety. “To the criminals, we advise them to leave the state because there is no hiding place for them,” he said. The Nation The Ondo State Security Agency Network, the Amotekun, on Wednesday, said it had arrested some persons in connection with the killing of the Olufon of Ifon, Oba Israel Adeusi. Oba Adeusi was shot dead by gunmen at Elegbeka on the Akure-Owo-Benin Expressway in the Ose Local Government Area of the… In "News" According to a report by The Nation, some of the suspected killers of Oba Israel Adeusi, the Olufon of Ifon who was the traditional ruler of Ifon in Ose local government, have been arrested. Identity of the suspects was yet to be made public because of the ongoing investigation into… In "News" Some suspected killers of the traditional ruler of Ifon in Ose local government, Oba Israel Adeusi, the Olufon of Ifon, have been arrested. Identity of the suspects was yet to be made public because of the ongoing investigation into the killing. They were arrested by a combine team of security… In "News"