Human and vehicular movement was Monday morning brought to a halt at the Iyana-Iba area of Lagos following a violent clash between commercial motorcyclists and thugs.  It was gathered the clash, which started over alleged illegal taxation by the area boys, let to the burning of tyres, destruction of properties and blockage of all access routes. Residents going about their daily businesses were caught up in the exchange of bottles, other violent tactics by the warning factions. Sources claimed the violence escalated to Volks, Alaba Rago and Okoko. At the time of this report, it was not clear if there were casualties as the crisis was said to have degenerated into an ethnic clash. Although residents claimed the roads were still blocked and fire still burning, the police command said normalcy had returned. Spokesman, Olumuyiwa Adejobi, who confirmed there was an incident in the area, said it had been brought under control. “Normalcy has been restored to Iyana Iba, Okokomaiko and the axis. We are on top of the situation. No ethnic colouration. “Everyone to continue his or her business. No cause for alarm. We wil update you with the details soon,” he said.  Source Hell was let loose in the early hours of Wednesday, in Iyana-Ipaja area of the state when dealers of motorcycles, popularly called “Okada,” riders and miscreants, known as “Area Boys,” engaged the police in a violent confrontation over enforcement of the recent ban by state government on Okada and others.… In "Metro" #EndSARS protesters on Monday defied the threat by the Federal Government to deploy security agents in quelling their protests against police brutality across the country.   Protesters, mostly youths as early as 7am trooped out in major cities in Lagos, Ogun, Edo, Abia, Ondo, Ekiti, Oyo and Ebonyi states blocking… In "News" Violence that rocked #EndSARS protests across the country worsened on Tuesday with 43  protesters and six policemen losing their lives.   Protesters calling for the disbanding of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad of the Nigeria Police have been carrying out peaceful demonstrations across the country since October 8.   However,… In "Top Stories"