…mourns the desecration of the common heritage of Isuofia people The traditional ruler of Isuofia, Igwe (Col) C.A.O. Muoghalu, has added his voice to the condemnations trailing what he described as “a trauma-inducing incident of armed attack on a session Prof. C.C. Soludo held with the youths of Isuofia, where three policemen were killed and Mr. Emeka Ezenwanne, our son and Honourable Commissioner for Public Utilities, most brazenly kidnapped!” In a statement today, Igwe Muoghalu said the incident which happened on March 31, 2021 was regrettably so sad. The statement added, “His Highness who had a near-witness account of the incident is still at shock and gauges the heightened shock of Umu Isuofia, as to what end the dastardly act intended? “His Highness mourns the gallant security personnel whose life was cut short brutally; mourns the kidnapping of yet another high-profile son of Isuofia, Engr. Emeka Ezenwanne; mourns the desecration of the common heritage of our people, Ezumezu Isuofia, mourns the bad intentions of the contrivers of this attack on our son, Prof. Soludo. “While His Highness condoles with Prof. Soludo on the bad confrontation, he encourages the incoming governor to be unwavering in his pursuits as the land of Isuofia has appended her blessings and approval. “His Highness enjoins the police to intensify manhunt for the perpetrators and be thorough and honest in the investigation on the sad event. “His Highness invokes the intervention of the land of Isuofia, demanding the unconditional and immediate release of Engr. Emeka Ezenwanne, failing which the wrath of the yet-to-be-appeased land of Isuofia shall unleash unquantifiable terror on the participants of the heinous crime! “His Highness will soon invite the Executive Council of Isuofia People’s Assembly, the Isuofia Women Council and the relevant institutions to embark on the cleansing of the temple of our fathers, The Civic Center. His Highness asks the President General to disallow the use of The Civic Center till the purification exercise is carried out. “His Highness dispels the insinuation that the attack was induced by community crisis as Isuofia is one of the most peaceful community in Anambra. “His Highness finally condoles with the Anambra Commissioner of Police, who visited the scene, and the families of the slain police personnel. “His Highness encourages Umu Isuofia to be steadfast in giving our sons the requisite support that they desire and deserve both spiritually and otherwise, calling for prayers for the release of Engr. Ezenwanne, comforting the wounded, while imparting his Royal Blessings.” Source A couple of minutes ago, unknown gunmen disrupted an interactive session between Isuofia youths and a former Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria, Prof Chukwuma Soludo at the town’s civic centre. Two policemen were reportedly shot dead. There is a serious stampede now in Afuzo area of Isuofia which… In "News" Former Central Bank Governor, Prof Chukwuma Soludo, is safe, the Commissioner of Police in Anambra State, Monday Kuryas, has said. Kuryas spoke on Channels Television, after gunmen attacked Soludo on Wednesday and killed three of his police orderlies. The incident happened in Soludo’s home town in Isiofia in the Aguata… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Vice Presidential Candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party in the 2019 general election and former governor of Anambra State, Dr Peter Obi has condemned the reported attack on Prof Charles Soludo where three of his security aides were allegedly shot dead. The former… In "Top Stories"