The Central Bank of Nigeria has debunked reports that Nigeria printed billions of naira last month to settle its financial trouble.  This was after the Edo State Governor, Godwin Obaseki, alleged that Nigeria printed N60bn to augment what the three tiers of government shared in March. Obaseki reportedly stated on Thursday that Nigeria was in huge financial trouble, alleging that the Federal Government printed N60bn in March as part of federal allocation last month. The Edo governor also expressed worry over the country’s increased borrowing, saying it was wrong to continue borrowing without a tangible plan for debt repayment. When contacted to comment on the development, the spokesperson of CBN, Osita Nwanisobi, told PUNCH that he was not aware of any N60bn that was printed. “I am not aware of that N60bn printed by government,” he said on Saturday. Similarly, when contacted to speak on the N60bn that was allegedly printed in March 2021, the Federal Ministry of Finance, Budget and National Planning said enquiries on the matter should be directed to the governor who made the allegation. The media aide to the finance minister, Yunusa Abdullahi, said the Edo State governor or the CBN should be contacted. “Please direct your questions to the governor who made the claim or the CBN,” he said.  Source A huge row appears to be brewing between the federal government and Governor Godwin Obaseki of Edo State following the governor’s claim that Abuja printed N60 billion to supplement the federal allocation to the three tiers of government for March. Obaseki told his state transition committee stakeholders at a meeting… In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Edo State Governor, Godwin Obaseki has raised an alarm over the country’s rising debt profile, saying the situation is more critical now because of the huge amount borrowed to service the ailing economy. Obaseki raised the alarm on Wednesday during a meeting with the Transition Committee… In "Top Stories" By Nefishetu Yakubu Benin - The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) on Tuesday threatened to suspend the account of any person hiding under the ECOWAS Trade Liberalisation Scheme to sabotage  the federal government’s investment in reviving the palm oil sector. The Governor of the Bank, Mr Godwin Emefiele, made this… In "News"