……As  AK-47 carrying herders are spotted in several communities in NigeriaAbuja (Sundiata Post) –   Commandant General of the Nigeria Security and Civil Security Corps, Dr. Ahmed Audi, says 50 herdsmen have been arrested across the nation for crimes bothering on kidnapping, banditry and cow rustling. Speaking at the presentation of operation licences to 17 newly certified Private Guard Operators, Audi said the arrested herdsmen would be made to face the full wrath of the law. The CG while lamenting that the nation’s insecurity has reached boiling point, said investigations is still ongoing on the culpability of the herdsmen to some criminal activities and as soon as they are concluded, they will be brought to justice. He called for the cooperation of all the nation’s military and security apparatus to tackle the insecurity in the nation. He said it was a pity that traveling around the nation has become a great risk as no where seems to be safe from one insecurity or the other. He said the situation has demanded for cooperation and collaboration of all stakeholders in the nation’s security, insisting that no single agency can proffer solution to the insecurity in the nation. Audi, apart from calling on all milk and security agents to work together at finding lasting solution to the nation’s insecurity, pleaded with private security outfits as well as other stakeholders to arrest the ugly tide. He said: “We have a place in the history together that we must guide jealously. While it is my duty to ensure utmost performance of the Industry, special attention would be paid to the recipients of today, towards ensuring that you perform exceptionally in line With my dream to upbeat the Corps operational activities as well as the Private Security Industry in order to play our expected role in the face of the present day security challenges.” He warned the operators against calling for the harmers of your regulator, while giving them some of the riot acts that could attract sanctions from the Corps. He said: Your licence is not transferable and can be revoked if you fail to renew as and when due; You are prohibited from using firearms but if you have a job that may require the use of arms, our arms squad in our State Commands would provide the cover when you liaise with the State Commandants.” He also warned against use of ranks of any kind and accoutrement that has semblance to the military or paramilitary is prohibited. No company should engage in the training of guards without the involvement of our State Command. The biometrics of all your guards must be captured in the PSID platform and the number conspicuously displayed on their uniforms.The first-hand information of any major security breach in Company’s coverage areas must be reported by the company to the Corps to avoid sanctions. “Guards welfare must be of a priority to companies as we shall not condone non-payment of salaries or termination of appointment of guards who are being owed by the Companies. He noted that the industry is undergoing major reforms and needed the support of security guards in form of advocacy for progress in the efforts to make the industry a more viable one and the pride of everybody.