Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) from the Abagana camp have blocked the Markurdi-Lafia Federal Highway protesting the recent killings by herdsmen and laying the corpses of the victims on the road.  Benue State Governor addresses the protesting IDPs The suspected herdsmen on Tuesday morning invaded Abagana IDP camp killing seven persons and injuring about 15 of them. According to an eyewitness account present at the protest, the armed herdsmen stormed the IDP camp and started shooting at the people killing seven and leaving many others injured.  The eyewitness warned that they will resort to arms to defend themselves if the Federal Government does not intervene.  The Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom during a visit to the scene of the protest challenged President Muhammadu Buhari to rise up to the defence of vulnerable rural farming communities and Internally Displace Persons.  The governor also asked the President to allow them to acquire weapons to fight armed Fulani herdsmen following the attack on the camp. He further asked the President to convene a National Security Summit to get the true picture of the killings allegedly attributed to the bandit noting that 70 people have been killed in the last one month with no actionable intelligence to track the perpetrators.   Channels Seven persons have been confirmed dead, with many others injured, after armed Fulani herdsmen attacked Abagena community, in Makurdi Local Government Area of Benue State where Internally Displaced Persons camp is located. According to a report by DAILY POST, angry youths, who were enraged by the killings, took the Makurdi-Lafia… In "News" Makurdi  - The wife of the President, Mrs Aisha Buhari, on Wednesday donated assorted relief materials to Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) in Benue. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Mrs Buhari, who was in Benue to empathise with the state government on the recent farmers/herdsmen crisis, was represented… In "News" Seven Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) in a camp in Abagena, a Makurdi suburb in Benue State, were killed by suspected herdsmen on Monday night. The attackers stormed the community and destroyed many houses before moving into the camp. One of the victims sustained injuries and later died at the Benue… In "Features"