The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has arrested 34 suspected internet fraudsters popularly known as Yahoo boys in Ibadan and Lagos, spokesman Wilson Uwujaren said on Thursday Ibadan, the Oyo State capital.  The Ibadan Zonal Office of the Commission arrested 24 of the suspects, while the remaining 10 were apprehended by the Lagos office. Uwujaren said the suspects were caught during separate operations in the two states. Uwujaren said that 24 suspects, most of whom claimed to be undergraduates, were apprehended yesterday at their hideout in the Apete area of Ibadan. He said the early morning raid followed actionable intelligence on their alleged involvement in internet-related crimes. Uwujaren said the commission recovered valuable items including four exotic cars, mobile phones, laptops, SIM cards and several incriminating documents. He said the 10 suspects arrested in Lagos were apprehended at Horizon II Estate, Meadow Hall Way, Lekki, Lagos, following credible information on their alleged criminal activities. He said the suspects were involved in romance and jobs scams, as well as identity theft and purchase of malicious tools to compromise corporate email accounts. Uwujaren said that among the items recovered from the suspects in Lagos were mobile phones and laptop computers. He said the suspects volunteered statements to the commission and would be charged to court as soon as investigations were concluded.  Source As many as 57 suspected internet fraudsters have been arrested by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Ibadan Zonal Office. The suspects were nabbed at their hotel hideouts in Ilaro area of Ogun State. This is contained in a statement signed by its spokesperson, Wilson Uwujaren and made available… In "News" Operatives of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, Ibadan zonal office, on Wednesday raided a Lagos hotel believed to be a hideout for internet fraudsters and arrested suspected internet fraud kingpin and 26 others. The target was one Rasaq Balogun, a suspected internet fraud kingpin, whose illicit activities dominated… In "News" Set up training schools for aspiring internet fraudsters Adopt new tactics to beat security agents They are young men who live their lives on the fast lane. They love the good things of life but lack the legitimate means to acquire them. Rather than seek legitimate means of fulfilling their… In "News"