Kaduna State Government has announced the tragic killing of three of the abducted students of Greenfield University. The actual number of students abducted by bandits had yet to be confirmed as of the time of this report, more than 72 hours after the incident. The remains of the three students were said to have been found on Friday in Kwanan Bature village, a location close to the university. According to a statement by Samuel Aruwan, the State Commissioner, Ministry of Internal Security and Home Affairs (MISHA), the remains of the students had been evacuated to a mortuary. The students were captured on the premises of Greenfield University located at Kasarami village off Kaduna-Abuja Road in Chikun LGA, on Tuesday night. The development came on the heels of a report that the bandits had placed a ransom of N20m on each student. Read the statement by the Kaduna State Commissioner: “In an act of mindless evil and sheer wickedness, the armed bandits who kidnapped students of Greenfield University, have shot dead three of the abducted students. “The remains of three students were found today Friday, in Kwanan Bature village, a location close to the university and have been evacuated to a mortuary by the Commissioner, MISHA, and Force Commander, Operation Thunder Strike, Lt.Col. MH Abdullahi. “Governor Nasir el-Rufai has condemned the killing of three students as sheer wickedness, inhumanity and an outright desecration of human lives by vile entities. “He went on to say that the armed bandits represent the worst of humankind and must be fought at all cost for the violent wickedness they represent. “Evil, the governor further said, would not triumph over God-given humanity. He appealed to citizens to come together against the forces of darkness challenging national security and the very existence of the Nigerian State. “The Governor, on behalf of the Government and people of Kaduna State sent deep condolences and empathy to the students’ families and the university community, as he prayed for the repose of their souls.” (TheConclave) The bandits who attacked Greenfield University along the Kaduna-Abuja Highway in Kaduna State on Tuesday night, killed a porter of the institution, identified as Paul Okafor. The assailants also kidnapped a yet-to-be ascertained number of students, said to be mainly females, it was learnt. The bandits stormed the school located… In "News" It was a bloody day on Wednesday as gunmen went on the rampage in various parts of the country. They killed two policemen in an attack on the Adani divisional headquarters in Enugu State. In Kaduna State, bandits killed a worker and abducted a yet-to-be specified number of students from… In "News" With insecurity boiling over in the country, North’s governors cried out on Thursday and took their concern to President Muhammadu Buhari at the Presidential Villa. On Wednesday, bandits killed an estimated 83 people in multiple attacks in three local government areas of Zamfara State. On Presidential order, a Special Military… In "News"