The federal government has been given a warning by Deji Adeyanju over new tactics by criminals who use the name of the Indigenous People of Biafra to commit crimes.  The popular Abuja-based activist made the remark following attacks at government facilities in Owerri, Imo state. Some unknown gunmen had attacked the police headquarters and the Correctional Centre in Owerri and freed hundreds of inmates. The gunmen who operated from 1am to 3am, freed suspects in almost all the cells at the State Criminal Investigation Department of the command. Reacting, Adeyanju warned that such an occurrence in the Southeast may be worse than Boko Haram. In a series of tweets, the activist wrote: “After the Edo jailbreak, it’s almost impossible to pass By-Pass road and many other places in Benin after 6pm. “The things some of you are supporting in Imo today will have repercussions tomorrow. And many criminal gangs will use IPOB’s name to operate and terrorize the people. “Something terrible is happening in the Southeast and if care is not taken, it will be worse than Boko Haram. We need a new president urgently who will not divide the country along tribal and ethnic lines. “When Boko Haram started causing trouble in Borno, some people were celebrating that it was good to fight the injustice they had suffered. Today, the story is different. I hope those celebrating the destruction in the SE today, don’t regret it tomorrow.”  Source Governor Hope Uzodinma of Imo State on Tuesday, urged the operatives of the state police command to defend themselves against the members of Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB. The governor spoke at the command headquarters when the Inspector General of Police, Muhammed Adamu, visited the state to assess the level… In "News" The proscribed Indigenious People of Biafra (IPOB) has denied responsibility for Monday’s attacks on Imo Police Headquarters and Correctional Centre where over 2,000 inmates were freed. Its Media and Publicity Secretary Emma Powerful said the attacks were not carried out by operatives of Eastern Security Network (ESN). He said: “The… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - After the attach by unknown gunmen on Police headquartets in the state, Imo State Governor, Hope Uzodinma and heads of security agencies are currently in an emergency security meeting at the Government House, Owerri. The meeting is coming few hours after unknown gunmen… In "Top Stories"