Traditional rulers in the three local governments in Mbaise – Abboh, Ahiazu and Ezinihitte Mbaise – have appealed to Imo State Governor Hope Uzodimma to repair Okpala-Ahiara-Abba Branch Road and other local roads.  The monarchs, operating under the auspices of Mbaise Council of Traditional Rulers, urged the Federal Government to engage more youths in the police force and other paramilitary agencies to tackle insecurity. Speaking with reporters after he was re-elected to head the council for a second term, the Chairman of Mbaise Council of Traditional Rulers and traditional ruler of Umunneato Nguru community in Abboh Mbaise Local Government, Eze Leo Nwokocha, said the bad roads had increased commuters’ sufferings. He said the bad conditions of the roads had affected residents’ economic activities. Nwokocha, who hailed Governor Uzodimma for providing infrastructural development, particularly in Owerri and some parts of the state, appealed to him to come to his people’s aide. “The roads in Mbaise are nothing to write home about, especially this Okpala-Ahiara Junction-Abba Branch that passes through five local governments to Aba and Okigwe and even Orlu. “Other inner roads are equally in bad conditions. If this rain continues, we will not be able to go to markets or farms. My humble self and a few others have been using our personal resources to ‘grade’ roads in our localities, but Mbaise is a very vast area that no individual can afford to maintain the roads there. We’re appealing to our governor to attend to the roads in Mbaise. We want the roads to be reconstructed or rehabilitated and we believe our governor will look into it,” he said. The royal father called on the Federal Government to employ more youths in the police force to fight insecurity and unemployment.   Source By Chidi Opara Owerri - The Umuezuo community in Ahiazu Mbaise Local Government Area of Imo has called on the state government to grant it the status of an autonomous community. Mr Bede Anyanwu, the Spokesman for the concerned members of the community, on Saturday called on all members of… In "News" By Victor Nwachukwu Owerri - Gov. Emeka Ihedioha of Imo and former Gov. Ikedi Ohakim on Friday paid special tributes to late Imo monarch, Eze Desmond Ogugua. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports the remains of the foremost traditional ruler in the state were laid to rest in his country… In "News" Traditional rulers in Njaba Local Government Area of Imo State have accused the acting coucil chairman, Emeka Iheanacho, and other politicians, of sabotaging the recruitment of constables for community policing. Chairman of Njaba Council of Traditional Rulers and monarch of Amazano community Caesar Duruegbusuo made the allegation at a stakeholders’… In "News"