Michelle Jackson, Don Jazzy’s ex-wife, has reacted to the news of the marriage between her and the Mavin Records boss, which happened 18 years ago.  It will be recalled that, on Saturday, Don Jazzy revealed that he got married to the American model and writer 18 years ago, but got divorced two years after. He explained that he got divorced because he made music his priority. Reacting to the news of the marriage, some fans of the music producer went to Michelle’s page to beg her to take back the ace music executive. Michelle, on Sunday, came out to thank Nigerians for their show of love ever since the beatmaker spilled the news of their marriage. On her Instagram account, she posted a picture of the Nigerian flag embedded in love and wrote, “Thank you so very much for the intense love you have shown me, along with your beautiful messages; my inbox is flooded right now and my heart is full. I appreciate you. “Thank you also to my wonderful friends and family who have been loyal all these years. Last but not least, thank you @donjazzy for your kind expressions. “And to the rest of my family, thank you for keeping me under your wing and loving me just the same. Have a blessed Sunday. One love.” A post shared by Michelle Jackson |Model|Writer (@yarnstaswitch) One of Nigeria's most popular beatmakers and record label owner, Don Jazzy has made a new revelation about his private life. He revealed that he got married 18 years ago to an American model and writer, Michelle, but got divorced two years after. The Mavin boss posted his wedding picture… In "Relationship" After seven years, the musical relationship between Tiwa Savage and Don Jazzy’s Mavins Global has come to an end as the singer signed an exclusive global recording agreement with Universal music group, an international record label. Tiwa Savage had a great run in 2018 as she made history as the… In "Entertainment" There are any Nigerian celebrity eligible bachelors and spinsters at the moment. These are some of them.  There is no gainsaying that the hoard of ravishingly gorgeous divas and extremely handsome dudes in the Nigerian show business have defied numeration. But what is more apparent is how fans seem to… In "Entertainment"