By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –   President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, on Friday donated the sum of N8 million naira to victims of the Yan harawa market fire disaster. The Senate President made the donation when he paid a visit to the market in Gashua, Bade Local Government Area of Yobe State. The Special Assistant (Press) to President of the Senate, Ezrel Tabiowo who disclosed this in a statement said Lawan during the visit, appealed to the leaders of the Yan Harawa market association to ensure that all victims of the fire incident benefit equally from monetary donations irrespective of party affiliation. He also assured that the Federal Government through the National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) would support victims of the fire incident. “I hereby donate the sum of N8 million naira. Please, it should be shared equally to all victims affected by the market fire disaster. “Whatever donations you receive, make sure it is shared to all those who are affected irrespective of whatever political party they belong to. “I pray that may we continue to experience peace in this zone, and also in Yobe State and Nigeria”, the Senate President said.  Kano -  Senate President Bukola Saraki has donated N5 million to victims of the recent fire incident at Sabon Gari market in Kano State. The Chairman, Senate committee on Works, Sen. Kabiru Gaya, announced the donation when he paid a sympathy visit to Gov. Abdullahi Ganduje in Kano on Wednesday.… In "Business" Nguru (Yobe) -  The National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) on Saturday donated food and building materials to victims of fire disaster in Nguru, Yobe. Senate leader, Ahmad Lawan, who led a federal government delegation, said the relief materials were provided to assist the victims to resettle and resume their normal… In "Top Stories" By Rita Iliya   Bida (Niger)   -    Gov. Abubakar Bello of Niger on Thursday donated N20 million to victims of Bida Market fire, to cushion their losses. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) recalled that a night fire had destroyed over 600 shops in the market on March 1. “We… In "News"