BY JAMES OJO Abuja (Sundiata Post) –   Twitter has deleted tweets wherein Festus Keyamo, minister of state for labour and employment, shared the private chats and phone number of Eedris Abdulkareem, for allegedly violating its rules. Keyamo had in a flurry of tweets on Saturday tackled the singer over ‘Jaja Jaga Reloaded’, his recently released song. One of the tweets had contained the singer’s contact which he used to send him text messages in 2018. “In 2018, when I was named the director of strategic communications for Buhari Campaign Organisation Eedris waxed a song in support of Buhari & wanted to join us, albeit for a fee. He then made desperate efforts to see me through text messages from his phone no…,” he had written. Checks by TheCable Lifestyle also showed that the social media giant took down two other tweets from Keyamo’s thread. “This tweet violated the Twitter Rules,” the company wrote in a terse post. It, however, did not explicitly state which of its rules was violated. In a blog post, the company explains the process of removing a tweet considered to have violated its rules. “When we determine that a Tweet violated the Twitter Rules, we require the violator to remove it before they can Tweet again. We send an email notification to the violator identifying the Tweet(s) in violation and which policies have been violated. They will then need to go through the process of removing the violating Tweet or appealing our review if they believe we made an error,” it wrote. The development comes at about the same time when Abdulkareem had hit back at the minister for claiming that he once begged to support the President Muhammadu Buhari-led government. Twitter, the popular microblogging site, has deleted the tweets by the Minister of State for Labour and Employment, Festus Keyamo, where he leaked the chat between him and Eedris Abdulkareem. Twitter said the tweets, which also contained Abdulkareem’s phone number, were deleted simply because the minister ‘violated the rules’ of… In "News" By Victor Oso Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The spat between the Minister of State for Labour and Employment Festus Keyamo and popular singer and activist, Eedris Abdulkareem has set the social media buzzing.While some commentators have sided with the minister, others have chided Keyamo for behaving in a manner that… In "Top Stories" By Victor Oso The spat between the Minister of State for Labour and Employment Festus Keyamo and popular singer and activist, Eedris Abdulkareem has set the social media buzzing. While some commentators have sided with the minister, others have chided Keyamo for behaving in a manner that belittles his office,… In "News"