Daily Post reports that the Borno State House of Assembly led by the Speaker, Rt Hon Abdulkarim Lawan and thousands of Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) taking refuge at various camps on Thursday commended the Speaker of the Lagos State House of Assembly, Rt Hon Mudasiru Osaba for donating and transporting 10,000 bags 15kg rice to be distributed to all IDPs across the state.  The bags, however, carry stickers and pictures of the National Leader of the ruling All Progressives Congress, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu. Flagging off the distribution with officials of the State Emergency Management Agency (SEMA), the Speaker, Hon Lawan said, this intervention is first of its kind since Boko Haram crisis, calling on other individuals to emulate the lawmaker. He said the donation came at the right time, considering the economic hardship faced by traumatized IDPs in the State. Lawan said, governor Babagana Umara Zulum, National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) and other humanitarian agencies have been doing a lot in managing the plights of IDPs in the state, but unfortunately, due to devastating effects of the Boko Haram crisis, there is much concern on meeting the economic demands of the displaced families and those living in host communities, hence, the donation from the Lagos Speaker was a welcome development and timely at this critical period. “We in Borno State, especially members of the Borno State House of Assembly are happy and very appreciative to the Speaker Lagos State House of Assembly, Rt Hon Mudasiru Osaba for donating 10,000 assorted bags of rice which we are distributing today.”  Source ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The All Progressives Congress Presidential Council (APCPCO) has warned the Federal Government to stop the systematic destruction of state institutions, the latest example being National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA), which has been forced to shed its  garb of a neutral, public service institution by donning/branding their grains with PDP logo… In "News" OSOGBO - A presidential campaign office bearing the names and photographs of APC National Leader, Bola Ahmed Tinubu has been opened in Osun State, rekindling rumours of Tinubu’s intention to run in 2023. Tinubu, a National Leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC) had long denied any intentions to run… In "Politics" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) in the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) have appealed to public-spirited individuals and organisations planning to contribute towards their well-being to deal directly with them rather than going through questionable non-governmental organisations (NGOs) that may not have their best interest at heart.… In "Security"