President Muhammadu Buhari has extended heartfelt condolences to the family of Afaka on the passing of Sa’idu Afaka, his official driver, who died at the State House Clinic on Tuesday after a prolonged illness.  The president’s condolence message is contained in a statement by his Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, Malam Garba Shehu, in Abuja on Tuesday. Buhari, who also commiserated with the government and people of Kaduna State, described the late Afaka as an honest, capable and reliable person who handled his job with utmost care and responsibility. The president recalled that in 2016, Afaka, while on pilgrimage in Saudi Arabia, picked up a bag containing a large amount of foreign currencies and turned it over to the National Hajj Commission. He noted that this action earned Afaka praises from the Saudi and Nigerian authorities. Buhari prayed almighty Allah to “bless the soul of the departed with an elevated place in heavens,” committing the family and friends to divine comfort and patience.  NAN The Northern Patriots, a northern political group, has identified regional injustice and imbalance in major federal appointments, particularly in the security sector, as some of the drivers of insecurity in the country. The group added that the clamour for cessation, restructuring and other issues fueling disunity in the country have… In "News" It is wildly preposterous, the rumour trending on social media and across the country, that the man presiding over the nation from Aso Rock, is not the elected President Muhammadu Buhari. The troubling assertion is that a Buhari doppelgänger called Jubrin was conjured up to replace our President who rumour… In "Social Media Feeds" By Philip Yatai Kaduna - The UN Children’s Fund (UNICEF) on Tuesday urged Kaduna State Government to fast-track the upgrade of functional Primary HealthcareCentres (PHC) in 255 political wards in the state. The Country Representative, UNICEF Nigeria, Mr Peter Hawkins, made the call in Kaduna during an official visit to… In "News"