OWERRI – Imo State Police Command has confirmed the attack on Governor Hope Uzodimma’s residence in Omuma Oru East council area on Saturday by hoodlums. The incident was confirmed by the Police Public Relations Officer, PPRO, Orlando Ikeokwo. He disclosed that a petrol bomb was used as a choice of weapon by the suspected hoodlums. He however said that their plans to burn the house down failed, as only two vehicles got damaged in the attack. He also said that the hoodlums killed two security agents during the violent attack. He said that one was an officer of the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps, NSCDC, while the other was a police officer. He said, “Yes, I can confirm the story, the hoodlums attacked the governor’s house by throwing in Petrol bomb as a result of which two cars were burnt, but they were successfully repelled. “And none of the buildings was set ablaze, however, one unarmed personnel of the NSCDC was killed in the process, the hoodlums while escaping also killed a Police Sergeant and another NSCDC personnel both in there private vehicles at Mgbidi junction.” The convoy of Imo state governor, Hope Uzodinma was ambushed on Monday August 17, while the Governor was on his way to the 34 Attilary Brigade in Obinze, to inaugurate an officers mess built by the state government. While the hoodlums armed with guns and machetes claimed to be staff… In "Politics" “I have personally seen seven corpses; three corpses at Atewolara Junction, two corpses at Way Street, opposite Oando Filing Station, and two corpses at Oduwoye Junction, opposite the market. Soldiers are in the area to douse the tension and some of the corpses were evacuated by them, while some… In "News" Violence that rocked #EndSARS protests across the country worsened on Tuesday with 43  protesters and six policemen losing their lives.   Protesters calling for the disbanding of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad of the Nigeria Police have been carrying out peaceful demonstrations across the country since October 8.   However,… In "Top Stories"