  By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –   The Peoples Democratic Party has charged the Department of State Services (DSS) to immediately invite the Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Isa Pantami, for questioning over alleged affiliations with the Taliban and Al-Qaeda. The party also demands that President Muhammadu Buhari should immediately sack the minister, given the sensitivity of the issue at stake. The PDP made the call on Sunday in a statement signed by the National Publicity Secretar, Kola Ologbondiyan released via party’s twitter handle. According to the statement, the party’s position is predicated on the heightening concerns in the public space and in the international arena of possible compromises by the communication minister, who has access to sensitive government documents and information, in addition to data of all individuals including high profile personalities in the public and private sectors as well as the traditional and faith-based circles. The PDP is particularly worried about allegations in the public suggesting that the minister compromised the NIN registration exercise by giving room for the registration of aliens and invaders from other countries as our citizens. The party tasks the DSS to investigate the allegation, which has created apprehension, particularly given the rise in banditry and other terrorists activities in our country. The PDP urges Nigerians to remain at alert and very sensitive to their environment, while not hesitating in providing useful information to our security agencies in the interest of our nation. Some security experts on Saturday dismissed the apology by the Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Isa Pantami, over some controversial comments he made in the past in support of global terrorist groups, Al-Qaeda and Taliban. The security analysts said Pantami’s comments were too weighty to be discarded, demanding either… In "News" A civil society organisation, Concerned Nigerians, has petitioned the United States government, urging the Joe Biden-led administration to investigate alleged involvement of Nigeria’s Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Isa Pantami, with terrorist groups. The group also asked that the US place the minister on its terror watch list if… In "Top Stories" •Communications and Digital Economy Minister, Dr. Isa Pantami  The embattled Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr. Isa Ali Ibrahim Pantami, says he has never held extremist views nor maintain rigid stances on issues.He said his views have changed on a number of issues as additional facts became available to… In "Top Stories"