Gunmen have razed another police station in Imo State few hours after Vice President Yemi Osinbajo and outgoing Inspector General of Police (IGP), Muhammed Adamu left Owerri, the Imo State capital. Osinbajo and other officials of the Federal Government, including Minister of Interior Rauf Aregbesola, had visited the state to inspect the level of damage on the burnt security facilities. But the gunmen burnt Ehime Mbano Local Government Area Divisional Police Headquarters shortly after they left. It was gathered on arrival at the station, the gunmen freed all suspects in detention before setting the Police Divisional headquarters ablaze. Our correspondent gathered the gunmen operated without any resistance from policemen. A source said: “Gunmen this evening razed Ehime Mbano LGA police divisional headquarters. On arrival, the gunmen carrying guns freed the suspects before wrecking the havoc.” Imo Police spokesperson, Orlando Ikeokwu, told The Nation he had been not contacted or briefed on the incident. But a senior police officer, who craved anonymity, said the Command’s hierarchy was saddened by the latest development. The Nation Chief Chima Awurum, the President General of Oluwe Nneiri community in Isiala Mbano Council Area of Imo State, has been abducted. The man was reportedly abducted by gunmen, according to The Nation. It was learnt that Awurum, who runs a pharmacy outfit, was in his office at Isinweke, Ihitte Uboma,… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - After the attach by unknown gunmen on Police headquartets in the state, Imo State Governor, Hope Uzodinma and heads of security agencies are currently in an emergency security meeting at the Government House, Owerri. The meeting is coming few hours after unknown gunmen… In "Top Stories" An Anglican priest identified as Rev Chukwunyere Ibezim who is allegedly mentally deranged set two Automated Teller Machines (ATM) installed by the  Imo Microfinance Bank at Aba Branch in the Ehime Mbano Local Government Area of Imo State, on fire.   He also set his motorcycle on fire but was… In "Metro"