A London High Court (Queen’s Bench Division) has granted a perpetual injunction restraining Maureen Badejo from publishing further defamatory words against or concerning Dr. Daniel Olukoya, his family and the Mountain of Fire and Miracles Ministries (MFM).  The judge, Master Gary Thornett, also ordered Badejo to pay the legal costs incurred by the Olukoyas in the suit. He ruled that further court session(s) would be held to determine the actual cost to be awarded to Dr Olukoya, his family and the Church. The hearing, which began at 10:30am on Tuesday, April 13, finished at about 1:05pm. The claimants instituted the suit following several claims – no fewer than 52 – allegedly made against them by Badejo and her GIO TV on YouTube and Facebook. They were represented by Mrs Nath Director and Solicitor of Nath Solicitors London Boutique firm specialising in defamation and by Mr Jonathan Price of Doughty Street Chambers. In her counter-claim Badejo demandes monies allegedly lost by her from the shutting down of some of her broadcasts by You-Tube and Facebook sequel to complaints from Dr. Olukoya’s lawyers. But, dismissing her claim, Master Thornet described it as a “frivolous”, and an abuse of process. He held: “…it is overwhelmingly clear that the nature of this defamation is severe and serious…..and that the number of publications are considerable”. Responding to the ruling Dr Olukoya, his family and the Church said in a statement: “These victories are a tribute to the Lord our God who would never permit evil to triumph over righteousness.” Tuesday’s decision makes it the second time Badejo would receive knocks from the justice system for defaming the Olukoyas and the Church. On February 9, 2021, an Abeokuta High Court awarded N250million each to the Olukoyas and MFM (making a total N500 million) as aggravated and exemplary damages for libel committed against them by Badejo. The court also ordered Badejo to immediately pull down and erase each of the offending online publications/posts concerning the claimants from the internet.  Source The High Court in Abeokuta, Ogun State, has delivered its judgment in a N10Billion libel claim against UK-based Blogger, Maureen Badejo. The Incorporated Trustees of Mountain of Fire & Miracles Ministries and its General Overseer, Dr. D. K. Olukoya, as the 1st and 2nd claimants respectively commenced the case on… In "News" The United Kingdom Charity Commission appointed an interim manager for the Mountain of Fire and Miracles Ministries International since August 2019. The UK charity regulator appointed an interim manager for the church following a 2018 inquiry which raised concerns over mismanagement of funds. The inquiry was launched after MFM with… In "Foreign" Renowned human rights lawyer, Barr. Joni Icheka, has dragged the dismissed former Chairman of the Governing Council of the Nigerian Copyright Commission (NgCC) and the President of the Copyright Society of Nigeria Ltd/GTE (COSON), Chief Tony Okoroji, to court over defamatory publications. The plaintiff, who is a senior civil servant… In "News"