Nigerians are not happy with Catholic Priest and Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Fr Ejike Mbaka.  This comes after he called for President Muhammadu Buhari’s impeachment over the high level of insecurity in the country.  Nigerians are not happy that he’s suddenly making a u-turn. Mbaka had said Buhari had failed Nigeria woefully and that he should resign now. Speaking at the Adoration Ministry in Enugu, the cleric wondered how Buhari would maintain grave silence despite the incessant killings in the country. Mbaka explained that Nigerians are crying because they don’t have a Shepard, and Buhari should resign or be impeached. He said, “Let me tell you; if it is in a civilized country, by now, President Buhari would have resigned with what is happening.” “Nigerians are crying because there’s no security in the country, the House of Representatives should impeach the president if he doesn’t want to resign.” However, Reno Omokri, former presidential spokesman, reacting, condemned Mbaka for calling for Buhari’s impeachment. Omokri, on his Twitter page on Thursday, described Mbaka as an author of confusion, adding that he informed Nigerians in 2015 that Gold told him Buhari was Nigeria’s saviour. He tweeted, “Father Mbaka is an author of confusion. Today, he is calling on General @MBuhari to ‘resign or be impeached’. “In 2015, he told Nigerians that God told him Buhari was Nigeria’s saviour. “If the @CatholicEW church doesn’t defrock this man, he will rubbish their name.” See how other Nigerians reacted below: I would strictly warn my children against anything that has to do with #Mbaka Our God is never God of injustice Why should Rev Fr #Mbaka make a #U-turn now.He gave us message of Hope in Imo, it turned out Hopeless, He also said #Buhari is the messiah and he turned to be our highest tormentor BREAKING: Finally, Rev. Father Ejike Mbaka makes U-turn, rain curses on Buhari, Hope Uzodinma, for the death of Ikonso, attack on Kanu and Igbo youths pic.twitter.com/oJVw0XphuL Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Fr Ejike Mbaka, has advised President Muhammadu Buhari to resign because God is angry with him. Mbaka, who was one of the staunch supporters of Buhari in the buildup to the 2015 elections, said Buhari should resign or be impeached. Speaking at the Adoration… In "News" The Founder of the Evangelical Church of Yahweh Worldwide, Primate Theophilus Olabayo, has accused the Spiritual Leader of the Adoration Ministry, Enugu Ejike Mbaka of working for the All Progressives Congress. He said Mbaka is not a prophet, because the Catholic Church does not groom prophets, according to a DailyPost… In "News" By Millicent Ifeanyichukwu Lagos  -  Feyisetan Are, Head Coach of the Nigeria Para-Powerlifting Federation (NPPF), on Monday said that training had started for athletes as part of buildup for international competitions. Are told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos that the training was aimed at monitoring and maintaining… In "Sports"