Popular Nigerian online skit maker, Mr Macaroni, has taken to his verified Twitter account to reveal the ordeal he faced when he was arrested by the Police during one of the #EndSARS protests.  Following the October 20, 2020 shootings at the Lekki Tollgate, many people kicked against the recommendation for reopening the tollgate. The funnyman was among those who participated in the protest against the reopening of the toll gate. He was subsequently picked up among 40 other protesters and arrested for defying the Lagos State directive against the protest. The protesters have since been granted N100,000 bail each and arraigned on charges bordering on flouting the COVID-19 protocol on public gatherings and ‘breaking an order not to protest’. However, the skit maker stated that while he was in custody, policemen took turns to beat him because he is ‘Mr Macaroni’. In a series of tweets, he further noted that he would take the case to court. Police take over venue of Yoruba self-determination rallyHe wrote, “That very day, I swore never to stop using my platform to call out the evil that the Police do. If they can do that to someone people know, imagine what they do to hundreds of thousands of unknown Nigerians. ”We are in court though. We filed since last month; Aluta Continua. When I was at Adeniji police station, the police officers took turns to beat me up. They were even calling themselves to come and beat ‘Mr Macaroni’ “They said in my life when next I hear police, I will run! One said if not that people would ask about me, he would have killed me. I should promote the same police institution that oppresses Nigerians? The majority of Police officers are just there to steal, rob, harass, brutalise and oppress the people. We see it happen every day. “You swore an oath to protect, yet you kill and destroy. Zero conscience! Every day, there is always one negative report or the other about the Nigeria Police.” According to him, the Police have turned themselves into criminals; robbing, oppressing and doing everything in their power to make life miserable for the average Nigerian.   Source The massive armed police officers deployed to man the Lekki Tollgate Plaza has elicited flurry of reactions. The Nation had earlier reported that on Friday night, armed police officers embarked on a show of force across the city, reiterating its call for protesters to stay away from the tollgate. At… In "News" Police have arrested popular comedian Debo Adebayo, also known as Mr Macaroni, at the Lekki toll gate. The comedian joined other protesters at the tollgate to express his dissatisfaction with the decision of the Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry allowing the Lekki Concession Company to reopen the Lekki tollgate… In "News" Despite the dissolution of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad by the Inspector-General of Police, Mohammed Adamu, Nigerian youths on Monday resumed protests in different parts of the country.   The protesters said aside from the scrapping of the unit, they wanted all arrested protesters released and justice for all victims… In "News"