The Fulani community in Kaduna State under the auspices of Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria (MACBAN) has claimed that they lost seven kinsmen as well as 850 cattle in five days of a communal clash last month in Zangon-Kataf council area of the state.  They made the claim in Kaduna on Thursday while addressing a press conference at the NUJ Secretariat, saying that the killings came after several peace efforts by concerned stakeholders of Fulani, Hausa and Atyap groups in Kataf chiefdom and environs. MACBAN’s Director of Media and Publicity, Ibrahim Bayero said, “There were several attacks on Fulani people and their livestock in Zangon-Kataf LGA’s and surrounding Local Governments in recent weeks.The association, therefore, views the renewed violence on its members as provocative, mindless, deliberate and criminal acts capable of endangering more chaos to the entire Southern Kaduna. “We commiserate with the families of the deceased and those who lost valuable wealth during the violence. “The government should pay adequate compensation for the lives of our members who were killed during the attacks as well as for their wealth that was heartlessly destroyed,” MACBAN demanded.  Source The Kaduna State chapter of Miyetti-Allah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria (MACBAN) has condemned recent attacks in some communities in Southern Kaduna. The organisation stated that the renewed attacks were capable of derailing ongoing peace talks in the area. It cautioned those it labelled as “criminal elements” to refrain from… In "News" By Zamani Lekwot and Col. Yohanna Madaki. ABUJA (Sundiata Post) Cattle colony is not a new thing in Nigeria. It has existed long before independence and it is called Zango. Zango has existed in many areas of Yoruba land. Till today, there is Sango Otta, the home country of our… In "Social Media Feeds" Gunmen have reportedly killed two persons and burnt several houses during an attack in Zango Kataf local government area of Kaduna. Southern Kaduna People’s Union (SOKAPU), in a statement said, the gunmen invaded Manyi-Mashin village in the early hours of Friday and killed two persons as well as cart away… In "News"