Dapo Abiodun, the Ogun State Governor, says he might become a pastor after serving as a governor for eight years, The PUNCH reports.  The governor whose first tenure will expire in 2023 said this at the 108th Nigeria Baptist Convention held at the Baptist International Conference Centre, Lufuwape Town, along Lagos-Ibadan highway on Wednesday. While noting that he loves reading, studying, and sharing the Bible, Abiodun said, “I may end up on the pulpit after I have served as governor for eight years.” He also preached that Nigerians should follow the instructions of God in their daily activities to help Nigeria grow. “All we need is the fear of God in conducting our affairs. We all need to treat our fellow human beings with love and even take care of our environment with care. If we do, we will live a more peaceful and prosperous life. “More importantly, we must reject violence and pursue peace with one another. We need to walk in love and understanding. This is what our heavenly Father expects from us. “We, therefore, look forward to the continued reign of peace in our land and the constant strengthening of the body of Christ,” he added. Former President Olusegun Obasanjo, Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State, and Senator Ishaku Abbo (Adamawa North), among other dignitaries, also attended the event. On his part, Obasanjo expressed optimism that Nigeria will survive various challenges confronting it at present.  Source Ogun State Governor, Dapo Abiodun, official joins Mountain Of Fire and Miracles Ministries also known as MFM as he gave his breakthrough testimonies over the years before becoming the governor. Gistvic Reports. Dapo Abiodun said he was really destined to be the governor of Ogun State after many set backs… In "News" By Olawale Jokotoye Iperu (Ogun) - The Ogun Governor-elect, Mr Dapo Abiodun, says he bears no grudges against the outgoing governor of the state, Sen. Ibikunle Amosun. Abiodun stated this on Monday during his victory speech at a news conference in Iperu. He said that he took the position in… In "Politics" By Chidinma Ewunonu-Aluko Ibadan - Gov. Abiola Ajimobi of Oyo State has donated N5 million to Union Baptist Church, Ekotedo, Ibadan, toward immortalising the late Mrs Mariam Popoola, the mother of a former military administrator of Oyo State, retired Gen. Oladayo Popoola. The governor, who announced the donation at the… In "News"