Governor Hope Uzodinma of Imo State on Tuesday, urged the operatives of the state police command to defend themselves against the members of Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB.  The governor spoke at the command headquarters when the Inspector General of Police, Muhammed Adamu, visited the state to assess the level of damage done on the police facility by unknown gunmen on Monday. Uzodinma, who asked the cops to be vigilant, urged police officers to defend themselves with their service rifles. The governor said, “If you can’t attack them, you can at least use your rifles to defend yourselves. Any attack on police formation is an insult to us as a government. It is also an attack on the integrity of the government. We must take charge, take control and ensure discipline.” We had earlier reported the IGP accused IPOB’s Eastern Security Network operatives of being the masterminds of attacks on the Imo State Police Command headquarters and the Owerri Correctional Prison, which led to the release of over 1,800 inmates and the destruction of scores of vehicles and state assets.  Source Human and Environmental Rights group, Foundation for Environmental Rights Advocacy and Development, (FENRAD), has condemned the latest show of aerial power by the Nigeria Army at Orlu and Orsu local government areas of Imo State on the invitation of Governor Hope Uzodinma. The Nigeria Army had carried out an aerial… In "News" Imo State Governor Hope Uzodinma on Tuesday defended the airstrike in Orlu, saying it was not meant to “crush” his people but to prevent a repeat of last October’s #EndSARS protests in the state. Uzodimma explained that protests and the escalation of criminal activities that trailed the #EndSARS protests necessitated… In "Features" THE Indigenous People of Biafra said on Monday that there was enough money to fund its security arm known as the Eastern Security Network. The group’s Media and Publicity Secretary, Emma Powerful, stated this in a press statement, adding that ESN was funded by IPOB members resident in 120 countries.… In "News"