The Nigerian Air Force (NAF) has said it is not hiding anything concerning the missing Alpha jet, which disappeared from radar on Wednesday, March 31. Director Public Relations and Information Nigerian Air Force, Air Commodore Edward Gabkwet, said though efforts are on to recover the missing aircraft, the crash site is yet to be located. NAF and terror group, Boko Haram, had differed on the status of the missing Alpha Jet. While the insurgents claimed responsibility for shooting down the plane, NAF dismissed the claim as false. According to the NAF spokesman, “efforts are continuing intensively and until we find that crashed aircraft we will not rest in that. “Efforts are ongoing to recover the crashed air craft, we have not been able to locate it yet. I know all hands are on deck to see that we locate the crash site so that we can go on from there. “I can assure that as soon as there is new information, I will be the first to make a press release on that immediately. “The lives of our two pilots are also involved and I am sure that their families are also very anxious to hear from us and of cause we also need to find out the whereabouts of the pilots. It is actually important to us. “We will definitely inform the families and the entire nation of what happened, we are not hiding anything”. The Nation Despite video clips by a terror group, Boko Haram, claiming to have shot down the missing Nigerian Air Force (NAF) Alpha-jet, the Chief of Air Staff, Air Marshal Oladayo Amao, said NAF and other security agencies are vigorously looking for the crash site. The terror sect had claimed responsibility for… In "News" ABUJA - The Nigerian Air Force (NAF) Alpha Jet aircraft (NAF475) “that went off the radar with 2 crew members on board on 31 March 2021 might have crashed,” NAF said on Friday morning. “The cause of the crash as well as the whereabouts of the 2 pilots remain unknown,”… In "Top Stories" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Nigerian Air Force (NAF) Alpha Jet aircraft that went off the radar in Borno State might have crashed, authorities said on Friday. The aircraft marked – NAF475 – had two crew members on board when it went missing on Wednesday in Borno State. Air Commodore… In "News"