The trial of suspected fraudster, Ramon Abass aka Hushpuppi has been postponed and fixed for July 27 by a United States District Court in California.  This overruled a previous order from the court that fixed May 4 for the trial. The recent order given by Judge Otis Wright followed an application for extension sought by Mr Abass’ defence counsel, Louis Shapiro. Mr Shapiro premised the request on the fact that he needed additional time to prepare for trial as he was recently hired by the defendant. “On February 25, 2021, defendant’s current counsel, Louis J. Shapiro, substituted in as counsel of record. Defence counsel represents that he requires additional time to prepare this case for trial. “Specifically, in light of the foregoing, and the complexity of the discovery and allegations in this case, counsel for defendant also represents that additional time is necessary to confer with defendant, conduct and complete an independent investigation of the case, conduct and complete additional legal research including for potential pre-trial motions, review the discovery and potential evidence in the case, and prepare for trial in the event that a pretrial resolution does not occur. “Defence counsel represents that failure to grant the continuance would deny him reasonable time necessary for effective preparation, taking into account the exercise of due diligence,” Mr Shapiro’s application filed March 19, read. He added that the defendant believed that failure to grant the continuance would deny him “continuity of counsel and adequate representation”. Mr Shapiro also noted that the United States government’s attorneys were not opposed to the extension as that was the first time such a request was made.  Source Alleged international fraudster, Ramon Abass aka Hushpuppi has contracted the services of a top-rated criminal defence lawyer, Loius Shapiro. The top lawyer will represent him over fraud-related and money laundering charges in the United States. This followed the withdrawal of Gal Pissetzky and Vicki Podberesky, his former attorneys. It was… In "News" •Hushpuppi ABUJA - Hushpuppi, Nigerian Instagram personality facing cyberfraud allegations in the United States, has disengaged Gal Pissetzky, his lawyer in Chicago, after his trial was transferred to California. The self-acclaimed influencer, whose real name is Ramon Igbalode, had been arraigned in Chicago on money laundering charges following his arrest… In "Metro" By Oluwatope Lawanson/Moji Eniola   Ikeja -   Justice Hakeem Oshodi of an Ikeja High Court, Lagos on Tuesday warned counsel to Chukwudumeme Onwuamadike alias “Evans” that no further delays would be tolerated in his ongoing trial. Justice Oshodi gave the warning following a 30-minute verbal exchange he had with… In "Metro"