Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  Usman Baba, the new acting inspector-general of police (IGP), has expressed concern over the recent attacks on stations across the country. Speaking with journalists after a meeting with President Muhammadu Buhari on Monday, Baba said the morale of officers has been negatively affected as a result of such attacks, noting that the police needs improved logistics and better welfare packages. This is the first time the new IGP will meet the president since he was decorated with his new rank. In recent times, police stations — especially in the south-east — have been attacked by unknown gunmen, leading to the killing of officers, as well as the razing of buildings and vehicles. The most recent incident took place on Monday, with the zone 13 police headquarters in Ukpo, Anambra state, razed following an attack by suspected hoodlums. Speaking on the recent attacks, Baba added that efforts are in place to ensure that the situation is adequately addressed to ensure improved security, and also motivate officers to discharge their duties professionally. “I have promised to do my best to change the narrative. In view of the renewed attacks on police formations, the order is for me to do my best, and see how we can go about solving the problem of internal security in this country,” he said. “I have taken over the very crucial time. I am fully aware of the situation in the country, and I’m introducing what I feel will mitigate these security challenges. I’ve started implementing them, and I’m ready to come on board with the president so that we can get all the support that is necessary to go about it. “While I’m trying to use what I have, I also need some improvement in both logistics, manpower, and equipment. As you are aware, the morale of many police officers has been seriously dampened now because of the rampant killings of officers. So, we need to do a kind of motivational work to ensure that we raise the morale of police, and this we have started, and I believe it’s going to yield a positive result. Gov Sanwolu Commend Police for Exercising Restraint During Violent Attacks on Officers and Formation in Lagos …Adamu: ‘Destruction uncalled for, police tracking culprits’ Lagos State Governor, Mr. Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Tuesday, received the Inspector General of Police (IGP) Muhammed Adamu, at the State House in Marina on a commiseration visit.… In "Security" #EndSARS: IGP visits Sanwo-Olu, laments level of damage caused by hoodlums The Inspector-General of Police, Muhammed Adamu, on Tuesday, visited Lagos State Governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, at the State House in Marina. A damu lamented the extent of the damage caused by hoodlums who hijacked the #EndSARS protests against police brutality… In "News" There was a BBC News story in February that caught me between laughter and bemusement. The news channel reported, in very strong language matched only by the alarming reactions of the persons interviewed, a spate of stabbings across parts of south London that left at least one dead. It’s sad… In "Column - Thursday"