Three police officers, including a Chief Superintendent of Police, Ben Ajide, on Monday lost their lives when they clashed with suspected members of the Indigenous People of Biafra in Ikot Akpan community in the Essien Udim Local Government Area of Akwa Ibom State.  It was gathered that four other officers have been declared missing in the operation which was led by the deceased CSP The affected personnel reportedly lost their lives during a reprisal launched by the police against the members of IPOB, alleged to have masterminded series of coordinated attacks against police formations and the killing of police officers in the state. A statement on Wednesday by the state command’s Public Relations Officer, Odiko Macdon, titled, ‘Unprovoked attacks on Security officer,’ said the Commissioner of Police, Andrew Amiengheme, was saddened by the attacks and killing of police officers who are maintaining peace in the state. The statement reads in part, “In recent times, in Essien Udim LGA, security personnel, particularly, the Nigeria Police, Akwa Ibom State Command, have come under persistent, unprovoked attacks, leading to deaths and destruction of property, a trend which is totally absurd and unacceptable. “Whereas the remote and immediate causes of these unprovoked attacks are unknown, a discreet investigation is on the way to unravel same and seek lasting solution. “The Commissioner of Police is deeply saddened by the unprovoked attack on security personnel who were out maintaining the peace yesterday, March 30, 2021 which led to the demise of CSP Ben Ajide who was the Commander of the Command’s Quick Intervention Unit and two others, while four others are missing.” The statement called on members of the public to volunteer useful information to the police assuring them of the confidentiality of such information.  Source According to a report by PREMIUM TIMES, the police in Akwa Ibom State, Nigeria’s South-south, have confirmed that three of their officers have been killed, while four are missing in Essien Udim Local Government Area of the state during a violent clash between security operatives and some hoodlums. The police… In "News" About five soldiers and four members of the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra have been feared dead after a clash in Oyigbo and other parts of Rivers State. This brings to seven the number of IPOB members who reportedly died during the #EndSARS and police brutality protest in the state.… In "Metro" By Peter Okolie Awka - The Police command in Anambra have confirmed the death of two police officers, allegedly attacked and shot by suspected members of the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) at Oraifite in Ekwusigo council area of the state.The command’s spokesman, Mr Haruna Mohammed, disclosed this in… In "Metro"