Following the death of Prince Philip, Queen Elizabeth will enter an eight-day period of mourning.  She will not carry out any duties even in private, laws will not be given the Royal Assent and affairs of state will also be paused. Following these eight days, a further period of official Royal Mourning is expected to continue for 30 days. In a statement released by the Buckingham palace, the Prince Philip died peacefully on Friday, April 9. The statement reads; “It is with deep sorrow that Her Majesty The Queen announces the death of her beloved husband, His Royal Highness The Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh. “His Royal Highness passed away peacefully this morning at Windsor Castle.” Prince Philip was last seen in public on March 16 as he left the private King Edward VII hospital, where he had been recuperating following heart surgery at St Bartholomew’s Hospital, a leading cardiac unit. According to reports, Prince Philip will be buried in Frogmore Gardens in the grounds of Windsor Castle where the Queen liked to walk her corgis. There will a 30-day period of official Royal Mourning before the Queen returns to public duties. He met the Queen in 1934 and has been by her side ever since they got married. He was also the longest serving Royal consort in British history. RIP to him.  Source Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Duke of Edinburgh, Prince Philip has died at age 99, Buckingham Palace announces. In a statement shortly after midday, the palace said: "His Royal Highness passed away peacefully this morning at Windsor Castle." The Duke of Edinburgh, who was the longest-serving consort in British history, had… In "Top Stories" Prince Philip, the Duke of Edinburgh, has left King Edward VII's Hospital in London one month after he was first admitted. The 99-year-old, who had heart surgery earlier this month, is in "good spirits" after being discharged Tuesday, a royal source told CNN.He has now returned to Windsor Castle, according… In "Foreign" London - Prince Philip, Queen Elizabeth II’s husband of 71 years, marked his 98th birthday on Monday. Philip, whose official title is the Duke of Edinburgh, was expected to celebrate in private, with no public events scheduled. He is the oldest and the longest-serving consort in British history, described by… In "News"