The Judiciary Staff Union of Nigeria (JUSUN) has forced court workers out of the Federal High Court in Ikoyi, Lagos.  This comes after it embarked on an indefinite nationwide strike, which began on Tuesday. The Nation reports the unionists arrived the court premises before 9am and directed their colleagues in courtrooms and offices to comply with the industrial action. They sealed some of the offices and pasted notices indicating commencement of the court shutdown. The JUSUN national leadership had in an April 1 circular ordered closure of courts from Tuesday until the government complies with the Constitution, court judgments and other instruments, which confer or re-emphasise the financial autonomy of the Judiucary. The circular signed by its General Secretary, I. M. Adetola, directed all states and zonal heads of the union to comply with the strike. The union stated it had at its last National Executive Meeting on March 13, 2021 in Abuja, issued a 21-day ultimatum to the government to implement the financial autonomy of the judiciary with a threat that “failure of which JUSUN will have no other option but to resume the suspended national strike action.” “Therefore, as a result of the public holiday on April 5, 2021, the strike action has been postponed to Tuesday, April 6, 2021.”  Source LAGOS - Mr Emmanuel Abioye, the Chairman, Judiciary Staff Union of Nigeria (JUSUN), Lagos State branch, on Tuesday explained why Federal Judiciary workers backed out of the indefinite strike [pro_ad_display_adzone id="10"]embarked upon by JUSUN. Abioye told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos that the federal judiciary workers only… In "News" LAGOS - The Judiciary Staff Union of Nigeria (JUSUN) on Monday said it would only call off its ongoing strike if the government complied with the court judgment granting financial autonomy to states' judiciary. Mr Emmanuel Abioye, Chairman, JUSUN, Lagos State branch, made this known while speaking with the News… In "News" Abuja- Sen. Anyim Pius Anyim, the Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF), has pledged Government’s commitment to comply with the Jan. 13, 2014 judgment granting financial autonomy to the judiciary. Anyim made the pledge at a meeting with the National Executive Council of the Judiciary Staff Union of Nigeria… In "News"