Lara Trump, who is married to the former president’s son Eric and recently joined Fox News as a contributor, had promoted an interview with Trump for her own online show, The Right View, in Instagram posts on Tuesday.  She later posted a screenshot of an email from Facebook that said her video with Trump speaking had been removed, citing the ban on his accounts. Trump was suspended from Facebook and Facebook-owned Instagram indefinitely over incitement of violence following the January 6 riot by Trump supporters at the US Capitol in Washington, DC. Facebook has sent the case of Trump’s suspension to its independent oversight board  “In line with the block we placed on Donald Trump’s Facebook and Instagram accounts, further content posted in the voice of Donald Trump will be removed and result in additional limitations on the accounts,” the email read. Trump was barred by several social media platforms after the riot, including Twitter Inc, which has said its ban is permanent, and Alphabet Inc’s YouTube, which said it will reinstate his account when the risk of violence decreases.  Source Twitter and Facebook suspended Donald Trump on Wednesday over posts accused of inflaming violence in the US Capitol, as social media scrambled to respond to mayhem by supporters buying into his baseless attacks on the integrity of the election. The unprecedented sanctions came after the president took to social media… In "Foreign" Donald Trump Jr.'s Twitter account was restricted after he posted a video of a doctor claiming hydroxychloroquine 'cures' coronavirusHis pokesperson Andrew Surabian posted the notification of the ban, claiming, 'Big Tech is the biggest threat to free expression in America'Trump also retweeted the video and made posts praising hydroxychloroquineDr. Stella… In "Foreign" President Donald Trump appeared to excuse the violent occupation of the U.S. Capitol by his supporters Wednesday, hours after they stormed the symbol of American democracy in an effort to disrupt the formalization of his electoral defeat. Trump, who had encouraged his supporters to march on the Capitol to protest… In "News"