Nigerian actress and producer, Funke Akindele has celebrated after being included in Forbes ‘100 Icons from Africa.’  She was listed alongside Burna Boy, Wizkid, Davido, Omotola Ekeinde, Genevieve Nnaji, Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Mr Eazi, and the Director General of the World Trade Organization, Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala featured on the list. Sharing the News on Instagram moments ago, Funke Akindele wrote “Been filming and writing back to back and then @swankyjerry sent this to me like “Sis, you never see?” Thanks swanky. I’m so honored. Thanks @forbesafrica#hardworkpays#keepmoving#yourtimeishere#dontgiveup” According to Forbes, the list was curated from Hollywood exports and Grammy artists to award-winning ideas that can save the world. It also stated that the list is a way of “celebrating those whose ideas, inventions, and influential role models have aided Africa’s growth over the last decade.” Forbes on its official Twitter handle, @Forbesafrica, alongside the list wrote, “This is a way of celebrating those also with the award-winning ideas that had defined the African continent and influential role models that have spelt Africa’s growth over the last decade.” Forbes described Burna Boy in the publication as one of the biggest and most successful African artists on this continent. While Genevieve was described as the trailblazer of Nollywood.  Source By Anita Eboigbe Abuja - International supermodel, Naomi Campbell could not contain her excitement after meeting Nigeria’s former Finance Minister, Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala. The two super women met at the 2019 World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland where they spent time inspiring each other. 48-year-old Campbell, who is one of the… In "Entertainment" LAGOS - Nigeria’s foremost UK based television channel, BEN TV, on Monday released the list of 139 entertainers and sportsmen for its inaugural Entertainment Awards. The award ceremony will hold at the Oriental Hotel, Lagos, on Nov. 23 and will be hosted by a comedian, Ayo Makun alias AY. Among… In "Style" Nollywood actress, Genevieve Nnaji, according to Vanguard’s richest celebrity list rakes in N220 million from endorsements. The actress who has signed deals with multi-national companies in the past year, including Etisalat, Amstel Malta, Range Rover Evoque and MUD Cosmetics beat pop sensation, Iyanya who was in second place. Others include… In "Style"