Bauchi has named the Sabon Kaura to Miri road after former President Goodluck Jonathan.  Emir of Bauchi Dr. Rilwanu Adamu and members of Bauchi Emirates Council also conferred on him the title of Jigon Bauchi during his visit. Jonathan took to his verified Facebook page on Tuesday to share the developments with his followers. He expressed satisfaction with Governor Bala Mohammed, declaring he is implementing people-oriented projects.   Jonathan posted: “I am grateful to the Government and the good people of Bauchi State for naming the Sabon Kaura to Miri Road after me. “Today, I joined the State Governor, Senator Bala Mohamed and other distinguished sons and daughters of the state at the official commissioning of the Goodluck Jonathan Bye Pass.  “I am pleased that the Governor is implementing people-oriented projects with the aim of improving the lives of the citizens. “I thank the Emir of Bauchi Dr. Rilwanu Suleiman Adamu and members of Bauchi Emirates Council for the warm reception and for conferring on me the title of Jigon Bauchi during the visit.”  Source Bauchi- President Goodluck Jonathan on Thursday said Agriculture and solid minerals were vital for the sustenance of the country’s economy and would be given priority, if he was re-elected. Speaking at the inauguration of his presidential campaign in Bauchi, Jonathan promised to partner with the Bauchi State Government to exploit the… In "News" It amounts to saying the obvious to aver that Governor Bala Mohammed (born October 5, 1958) is the fourth democratically elected governor of Bauchi State. Similarly it is an open knowledge that Samuel Ioraer Ortom (born April 23, 1961) is the third elected governor of Benue State in the current… In "Features" BAUCHI (Sundiata Post) - President Goodluck Jonathan was at the palace of the Emir of Bauchi, Alhaji Rilwan Suleiman Adamu on Thursday in continuation of his nationwide campaign for  re-election. [pro_ad_display_adzone id="8"] The President told the Emir and other members of the Bauchi Traditional Council that his administration had achieved… In "News"