A former governor of Anambra State, Mr Peter Obi, said there was no truth in the claim that he demanded N7bn for installing the state governor, Willie Obiano.  He wonderd how he could have left N75bn for the governor and turn around to ask him to give him N7bn out of it. The former governor said since he left office about seven years ago, he has not received anything from the state government as entitlement or gift. Obi spoke during an interactive/stakeholders’ meeting of the Anambra State chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party held in Awka, the state capital on Wednesday.  He said, “Since I left Anambra State government seven years ago, I have not been given anything, not even a sachet of water by the state government. I still go about my duties, giving donations to schools. “Not even a letter of commendation or even a Christmas or birthday card has been given to me by the state government. I am, however, not bothered because that is not why I am in politics. I am in politics to contribute to the growth of the country. “Go and ask anybody, I don’t collect gifts to do favour to people. If you have gift for me, please give it to the needy around you. All the people I have helped to win election, I have never asked for anything in return. “That is why I feel pained that somebody could say I demanded N7 billion for putting a governor in office. How can you leave N75bn for someone and turn around to tell him to give you N7bn out of it? That does not make sense. My interest in politics is for the right people to be elected, so that our society will be good.”  Obi urged the party delegates to be careful about whom they would elect to fly the flag of the party in the forthcoming governorship election. “You must vote in people who have capacity to win elections. Not all aspirants or candidates can win election, so you must vote people who can win elections. You must look well before you vote for people that will fly the flag of the PDP. “ I assure you that our primary election will be free, fair and credible Anything short of it, I am not involved and I won’t be part of it. I have no favoured aspirant, and let no one tell you they gave me money or anything because it is not true. “No aspirant has bought me a sachet of water. In my politics, I don’t believe in anyone giving me anything. I was governor of this state and a lot of you know me. Ask any contractor if they have ever given me anything. That is not the reason I am in politics. I am in politics to help gain a better future for Nigeria,” he added.  The state chairman of the PDP, Ndubuisi Nwobu, asked the party’s ward leaders to commence aggressive mobilisation and registration of members for the November 6 governorship poll in the state.  Source Awka - A faction of the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA), led by Chief Maxi Okwu, has adopted Chief Peter Obi as its candidate in the yet to be scheduled Anambra Central Senatorial rerun election. Chief Shadrack Anakwue, Chairman of the faction in Anambra, announced the faction’s position at a… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundita Post) - Former governor of Anambra State, Mr. Peter Obi is sick. He was said to have visited Queen of the Rosary Hospital, Waterside, Onitsha, and dropped samples for a test and received treatments. According to Vanguard, ‎Obi’s media aide, Valentine Obienyem, said that the… In "Top Stories" Who will be gearing up for 2023?A growing number of names have been floated as potential presidential aspirants in the 2023 general elections. They range from current and former governors to serving ministers and former presidential candidates. Many of these people are yet to openly declare interest in the race… In "Politics"