… commends constituent, Apochi, on boxing victory By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Deputy President of the Senate, Senator Ovie Omo-Agege has congratulated Team Delta State on clinching first position in the just-concluded 20th National Sports Festival held in Benin City, Edo State. Team Delta emerged tops with 384 medals in total comprising of 158 gold, 116 silver and 110 bronze. In a congratulatory message, signed by his Special Adviser, Media and Publicity, Yomi Odunuga, Omo-Agege expressed profound appreciation to the athletes that represented the state, stressing that grassroots sports development, catching them young and encouraging young people to be more active in sports have made the difference. He also congratulated the host and second placed Edo State for being outstanding in hosting all the delegates throughout the tournament. The Delta Central lawmaker also commended the contribution of the South-South states for paving the way in sports development in Nigeria as he called on other geopolitical zones to emulate and replicate the secrets of the success story of the area. He encouraged athletes not to settle for less and go the extra mile in improving on themselves, adding that this is the only way they will be at the world stage to fly the country’s flag. In the same token, Senator Omo-Agege has congratulated his constituent, Efetobor Wesley Apochi on his recent knockout victory against Dean Nicholson to win the WBA Title Eliminator. Apochi, captain of the Nigeria Boxing Team, has represented Nigeria in several international tournament as a heavyweight boxer. “We are proud to associate with our son of the soil as we celebrate yet again victory for the whole of the Urhobo Nation and Nigeria at large. “Our doors are always open to support our teeming youth in terms of sports and encourage them to take advantage of the numerous opportunities in the world of sports.  ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - US-trained legal practitioner and former Secretary to Delta State Government, Obaisi Ovie Omo-Agege‎ of the Labour Party (LP) was on Tuesday issued a Certificate of Return by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to represent Delta Central in the Senate. He, however, demanded that the judiciary… In "Politics" By Ifeanyi OlannyeAsaba,. -. Stakeholders of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ndokwa nation of Delta have lent their support to the party’s choice of Sen. Ahmad Lawan  (Yobe-North East) for the top job of the President of the Senate.The group made its position on the contentious issue known in… In "Politics" Benin - The Delta male and female Chess teams emerged winners of the maiden South-South National Sports Commission (NSC) Chess Competition which ended on Saturday in Benin. In the male category, Team Delta clinched the first position with 10 points; Edo came second with seven points, while Rivers had no… In "Sports"