Exactly two weeks after a Madrid, Spain-bound trafficker, Okonkwo Chimezie Henry, excreted 113 wraps of Cocaine after his arrest at the Murtala Muhammed International Airport (MMIA), two others nabbed by the operatives of the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA), at the Lagos airport have excreted a total of 191 pellets of heroin and cocaine while under observation. While the first suspect, Chukwudi Destiny, was arrested on April 10, Ezekiel Chibuzo, was arrested on April 16.According to the Commander, MMIA Command of the NDLEA, Ahmadu Garba, Destiny was arrested during the outward screening of passengers on Ethiopian airline to Italy.He said: “NDLEA operatives at MMIA intercepted and referred one Chukwudi Destiny for scanning and the scan result proved positive to drug ingestion. Consequently, he was placed under excretion observation and in the process; he excreted 92 pellets of Heroin with a total weight of 1.300Kg.“In the same vein, on Friday April 16, another trafficker, Ezekiel Chibuzo, who arrived Lagos from Brazil on board Qatar airline was also arrested for drug ingestion. He has so far excreted 99 wraps of Cocaine.”Garba further revealed that a Congolese and five others were also arrested for drug related offences by operatives of the command. A Madrid, Spain-bound drug trafficker, Okonkwo Chimezie Henry, arrested at the Murtala Muhammed International Airport (MMIA), Ikeja, Lagos, on Easter Sunday, April 4, 2021, excreted a total of 113 wraps of cocaine weighing 1.750 kilogrammes with a street value put at N423 million. Okonkwo was about boarding a Turkish Airline… In "News" Lagos  -   The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) at the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport Abuja said it apprehended four suspected drug traffickers with 6.822kg of narcotics worth N61 million. This is contained in a statement signed by the agency's spokesperson on Friday in Lagos, Mr Mitchell Ofoyeju. According… In "Metro" ABUJA - The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) said it had arrested 129 suspected drug traffickers at the Murtala Muhammed International Airport (MMIA), Lagos, in 2014 as part of its anti-narcotics war. The Head of Public Relations of NDLEA, Mr Mitchel Ofoyeju, disclosed this in an interview with the… In "News"