Abuja –  Following the death of the leader of the Eastern Security Network, ESN, Commander Ikonso, yesterday, the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, Sunday said that the military wing of the group has gotten a new commander. A tactical team of the Nigeria Police, Nigerian Army, and Department of State Services (DSS), in a joint operation early Saturday, stormed the operational headquarters of the ESN in Awomama, Oru East Local Government Area of Imo State, killing Ikonso and six members of the group. Barely 24 hours after Ikonso’s death, IPOB announced new commander but declined to make his name public. Disclosing this when he appeared on Channels Tv, Sunday Politics, IPOB Secretary, Emma Powerful also denied ESN’s involvement of yesterday’s attack on Hope Uzodinma’s house. “ESN are not the ones that attacked Uzodinma’s house. They cannot come for an operation and tell you they are ESN. When asked to explain the groups operational activities, he opined: We pursue Fulani herdsmen from the region”. Again when asked to comment on the new instituted security outfit by the South East Governors, ‘Ebubeagu’, Emma Powerful said: “They are ghost security outfit. There is no group like Ebubeagu”. In what appeared to be a well-planned attack, about a dozen men armed with AK 47 and grenades on Saturday killed about eight people, including three security personnel, and set the country home of Governor Hope Uzodinma of Imo State at Omuma, Oru East Local Government Area of the state… In "News" •The late IPOB commander, Ikonso before his death and after being killed  The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), has confirmed the killing of the unit commander of the Eastern Security Network, ESN, and six others in a joint operation by security forces comprising the police, Department of Security Services, DSS,… In "Top Stories" Orlu considered to be one of the most peaceful zones in Imo State was recently turned into a theatre of war, when detachments of the Nigeria Army with the aerial support of helicopter gunships embarked on a military operation to search for the operatives of Eastern Security Network, the security… In "Top Stories"