Abuja, April, 17.2021(NAN)President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, has urged Nigerians to keep praying for the leaders in government as they tackle the various challenges facing the nation. Ola Awoniyi, his Special Adviser on Media, said in a statement that Lawan made the appeal on Saturday at the appeal fund raising for Pataskum Emirate Central Mosque, Potiskum, Yobe.The Senate President, who announced a donation of N20 million to support the project said that leaders need prayers always, particularly from the followership.He said that President Muhammadu Buhari was a God given leaders, hence people should pray for him and others for good health and to keep leading the country successfully.“He is trying his possible best for you and we too that are part of his leadership, we are trying our best to ensure that things are okay for Nigeria.“I will therefore urge you to continue to pray for our leaders that may Almighty Allah continue to guide them as they proffer solutions to security challenges, youth unemployment and for us to continue to assist our people. “The same thing is with our state, Yobe State, our pride. Our Governor, Mai Mala Buni, is trying his best to ensure development in the state.“It is public knowledge that there are development projects in every part of the state,” Lawan said.The Senate President announced that Sen. Sani Musa, who accompanied him, donated five million naira while Senators Bello Mandiya and Sadiq Suleiman donated one million each towards the building project.Other senators, who accompanied the Senate President on the trip from Abuja included Senators Abdullahi Adamu, Adamu Aliero, and Hon. Tijjani Dan Mutum.  (NAN) By Kingsley Okoye Abuja - President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, on Monday urged religious leaders in the country to pray for Nigeria and its leadership, saying that the country would eventually overcome its tribulations. Ezrel Tobiowo, his Special Assistant (Press) in a statement in Abuja indicated that lawan made… In "News" By Naomi Sharang Abuja -  The Leader of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, on Monday lauded the President Muhammadu Buhari-led administration for restoring relative normalcy to the Northeast. Lawan made the commendation when the Northeast Youths Coalition for President Buhari paid him a courtesy visit in Abuja. According to him, when… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Senate President, Dr Ahmad Lawan has eulogised President Muhammadu Buhari on the ocassion of his 78th birthday. Lawan in a statement he personally signed and made available to Sundiata Post, said Buhari has shown undeniable commitment to the unity, peace and even development… In "Top Stories"