•Alpha Jet ABUJA (Sundiata Post) – The Nigerian Air Force has dismissed as propaganda the trending video on social media and online news platforms indicating that the terrorist group shot down the missing Alpha fighter jet. NAF had in an earlier statement suggested that the missing fighter plane had crashed, saying it was searching for the aircraft. The NAF statement issued on Friday, reads in full: 1. The attention of the Nigerian Air Force (NAF) has been drawn to some videos being circulated on Social Media, as well as media reports drawn therefrom, alleging that the NAF Alpha Jet aircraft, which was reported missing in Borno State on 31 March 2021 after losing radar contact, was shot down by terrorists. One of such videos, in particular, began with sporadic shooting by several terrorists, including underaged children on motorcycles and vehicles. It later skipped abruptly to a scene depicting an aircraft exploding mid-air, supposedly as a result of enemy action. Another part of the video showed a terrorist, who, while standing by the wreckage, claimed that they had shot down the NAF aircraft. 2. Although the video is still being thoroughly analysed, it is evident that most parts of the video were deliberately doctored to give the false impression that the aircraft was shot down. For instance, the video clip failed to show the correlation between the sporadic shooting, which even from casual observation was obviously aimed at ground targets, and the sudden mid-air aircraft explosion. In addition, it is almost impossible for an aircraft to have exploded mid-air, in the manner depicted in the video, and still have a good part of its fuselage, including its tail, intact. Indeed, an explosive impact of that nature would have scattered the debris of the aircraft across several miles. 3. It is obvious that the Boko Haram Sect, in its characteristic manner of employing false propaganda, is seeking to claim credit for what was obviously an air accident that could have been caused by several other reasons; particularly at a time when the capability of the group to inflict mayhem has been significantly degraded by the Armed Forces of Nigeria. 4. Consequently, Nigerians are please advised to ignore the contents of the videos making the rounds until all investigations as to how the aircraft crashed are completed. The NAF, on its part, remains resolute and will continue to work assiduously, in synergy with sister Services and other security agencies, to rid the North East of all terrorist elements. EDWARD GABKWETAir CommodoreDirector of Public Relations and Information2 April 2021 Jama’atu Ahlussunnah Lidda’awati Wal Jihad, the Abubakar Shekau-led faction of Boko Haram, has released a footage of it shooting down the missing Nigerian Air Force (NAF) Alpha Jet Aircraft. The jet had on Wednesday evening lost contact with radar in Borno state. The aircraft was on a mission to provide… In "News" The Nigeria Air force authorities have dismissed claims that the man beheaded by Boko Haram fighters in the group’s latest video was an air force pilot in a fighter jet that went missing three weeks ago. The insurgents had claimed in the footage obtained by AFP on Thursday that militants shot down… In "News" Abuja - The Nigerian Air Force says its Operation LAFIYA DOLE has decimated a Boko Haram Terrorist (BHT) camp and neutralised some of their fighters at a settlement called Arboko in Borno. Air Commodore Ibikunle Daramola, NAF Director of Public Relations and Information, disclosed this in a statement on Wednesday… In "News"