Kano State government has ordered the immediate closure of all restaurants, bakery homes, drinking water producing companies and other food processing companies without health certificate. Acting Managing Director of the Kano State Consumer Protection Council, Baffa Babba Dan’agundi gave the order on Friday on behalf of the state government. He said the closure became effective after the expiration of a two weeks grace period issued to all the concerned outlets to comply with the directive According to him, the order was a sewuel to the recent discovery of patients with Hepatitis-B and other dangerous communicable diseases whi were engaged by some restaurants and food entrepreneurs in the state Dan’agundi disclossd that he has since directed his men to shut down the premises of any of these businesses wbich yet to certified fit to run such businesses by the State Health Ministry. He explained that the order waswithiut malice adding that it was primarily to safeguard the lives and health of the people against contracting diseases as a result of patronizing such business premises and eating outlets. Sun News KANO - The National Agency for Food and Drugs Administration (NAFDAC) has shut down two illegal sachet water production companies in Kano. The companies were operating with various names and lacked NAFDAC registration numbers. Speaking with newsmen shortly after sealing the two companies situated at a farm, the state coordinator… In "News" By Tukur Muntari Kano - Kano Concerned Citizens Initiative (KCCI), has called on the Federal Government to weigh the advantages and disadvantages of closing the country’s land borders with a view to reviewing the policy. The Chairman of the KCCI, Alhaji Bashir Tofa, made the call while addressing a news… In "Business" By Chinyere Bassey   Lagos   -     The President of the Nigeria Employers’ Consultative Association (NECA), Mr Segun Oshinowo, has told the Federal Government to formulate a policy to eradicate multiple taxation in Nigeria. Oshinowo, who made the call while speaking with labour correspondents in Lagos on Thursday, lamented that multiple… In "News"