By Igbaugba Ehigimetor Benin  – Prof. Osadolor Odia, of the Ambrose Alli University (AAU) Ekpoma, has been reportedly abducted by unknown gunmen at his farm at Egoro, Ekpoma, in Esan West Local Government Area of Edo.Odia, a Professor of Engineering and former Head of the Department of Mechanical, Engineering at the AAU, was said to be on his way to the farm when the incident occurred. A family source, who pleaded anonymity, said the professor’s abductors had already made contact with the family asking for a ransom of N18 million. “I can confirm that Odia was kidnapped today on his way to the farm and a ransom of N18 million was demanded by the kidnappers. ”When contacted, the Public Relations Officer of the university, Edward Aihevba, said he received the news of the abduction as general information. Aihevba stated that he had no details of how the incident happened.Similarly, Spokesman of the Police Command in Edo, Kontongs Bello, said he was not aware of the incident and promised to ‎contact the Divisional Police Office in charge of Ekpoma. (NAN) By Osagie Otabor Abuja (Precise Post) - Students of the Ambrose Alli University, Ekpoma on Friday staged a protest on the streets of Ekpoma, demanding prosecution of a policeman that slapped President of the Student Union Government, Comrade Osamagbe Eghobamien. The protesting students blocked the Benin-Auchi highway and sat in… In "News" The authorities of the Ambrose Alli University, Ekpoma, have suspended the chairman of ASUU branch of the university, Dr. Monday Igbafen. Igbafen was suspended over alleged gross misconduct bordering on sexual harassment and threats of sex-for-marks. The suspension order was contained in the University’s News Bulletin, dated 13th February, 2019… In "News" By Remi Bamgbose Okitipupa (Ondo State) -   Magistrate Banji Ayeomoni of Okitipupa Magistrates’ Court in Ondo State, together with his son Dara, another relation and his driver were reported dead in an inferno caused by a petrol tanker spillage in Ekpoma. An official of the court, who spoke on… In "Metro"