By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) -.   The President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, urges the Muslim Ummah to stress messages of peace, love and National unity as the Holy Month of Ramadan begins across the Islamic world. Lawan urges them to remember the Holy Month as a period of fasting, sober reflection, self-discipline and sacrifice. He made the call in a statement signed by his Special Adviser (Media), Ola Awoniyi sent to Sundiata Post. “I urge us to remember our dear country in our prayers as we seek to overcome the challenges we are facing as a nation. “This is in the realisation that Allah is the Almighty, kind and greater than all human problems. “I enjoin us to stress the importance of peace, love, generosity and unity in our teachings during this sacred period. “We should also not let down our guards in the observance of COVID-19 non-pharmaceutical protocols in our spiritual and other activities during the Holy Month,” Lawan said. The Senate President wishes the Muslim Ummah a blissful Ramadan.  By Ayo Akanni ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - As Ramadan begins, the Deputy President of the Senate, Ike Ekweremadu, has called on Nigerian Muslims to pray for the peace and security. In his goodwill message to the Muslim Ummah, Ekweremadu expressed concern over the frequent killings across the country and called… In "Local News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Deputy President of the Senate, Senator Ike Ekweremadu, has called on the Muslim Ummah to keep praying for the nation and also sustain the virtues imbibed in at Ramadan beyond the holy month. Ekweremadu said that continually praying for the peace, security,… In "News" LAGOS - Alhaji Lai Mohammed, National Publicity Secretary, All Progressives Congress (APC), has called on Muslims to use the spiritual benefits of the Ramadan to contribute to the development of the nation. He made the call on Monday in Lagos at the Eid-el-Fitri prayer organised by the Nasrul-Lahi-L-Faith Society (NASFAT),… In "News"