Islamic tutor and cleric, Sheikh Gumi has claimed that the bandits he negotiated with have stopped abducting people.  Speaking in an interview with Roots TV, Sheikh Gumi reiterated his call for amnesty. The cleric who did not provide any evidence to back his claim of bandits he met stopping kidnapping, stated that authorities’ refusal to support his meeting with bandits has stalled the negotiation process. He said; “All those we met, all of them have stopped being involved in this kidnapping. The ones doing it now are rogue ones who we did not sit down with. “Our processes were arrested and stopped by the Authority, which is not interested in it.” Gumi who also said that he has been a victim of banditry, recalled how they paid almost N5 million to rescue his brother who was kidnapped He added; “My very close relative…One of the life time driver of my father. His son — a soldier – eleven of them were ambushed and killed. “So, I am a victim of banditry. Then, should I seek revenge and more and more soldiers will die or do I forgive so that most souls will be saved?” “So, I think it is logical…It is better to stop the more killings and have peace.”  Source Kaduna-based Islamic cleric, Sheik Ahmad Gumi, on Sunday said the amnesty he proposed for bandits in the North should be extended to the Fulani involved in kidnappings in the South. Gumi, who stated this in an interview with one of our correspondents, also said the bandits involved in kidnappings were… In "News" •Sheikh Gumi with bandits leader Dogo Gide Hope was initially raised yesterday on freedom for the abducted 27 students and 15 others at Government Science College, Kagara, Niger State, but later dashed, with the bandits insisting on N500 million ransom before releasing the abductees and other people kidnaped in NSTA… In "Top Stories" President Muhammadu Buhari has been called upon to arrest popular Islamic cleric, Sheikh Gumi. The Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council Worldwide, OYC made the call, saying Sheikh Gumi should be arrested to explain what he knows about banditry in the Northern part of the country. Gumi is believed to have drawn… In "News"