The acting Inspector General of Police(IGP), Usman Alkali Baba, has announced the appointment of AIG Hafiz Inuwa, as the new force secretary for the Nigerian police force. The IGP, has also announced the appointment of Mustapha Dandaura as the new AIG for Zone-7 Police Headquarters. Similarly, Frank Mba, has been re-appointment the Force Public Relations Officer (FPRO) and of while acting CP Idowu Owohunwa reappointed Principal Staff Officer (PSO) to the IGP. This much was contained in a statement signed by the FPRO Frank Mba, in a Abuja. Mba, said all the appointments/postings of the Senior Officers and personal aides take immediate effect. The statement reads; “The Inspector General of Police, Ag. IGP Usman Alkali Baba, NPM, psc (+), fdc, today, 9th April, 2021 approved the posting of AIG Hafiz Inuwa, mni as the Force Secretary and member of the Force Management Team. The IGP also approved the re-appointment of CP Frank Mba and Ag. CP Idowu Owohunwa as the Force Public Relations Officer (FPRO) and Principal Staff Officer (PSO) to the IGP respectively. “The new Force Secretary, AIG Hafiz Inuwa, mni takes over from AIG Mustapha Dandaura who has been redeployed to Zone-7 Police Headquarters, Abuja. AIG Hafiz Inuwa holds a Masters degree in Public Policy and Administration (MPPA). Prior to his appointment as the Force Secretary, he was the Assistant Inspector General of Police in charge of Zone-13 Ukpo -Dunukofia in Awka, Anambra State, covering Anambra and Enugu State Police Commands. He also previously served as the Commissioner of Police in charge of Delta and Cross River States, amongst other strategic positions. He is a member of the prestigious National Institute of Policy and Strategic Studies (NIPPS), Kuru, Jos. “CP Frank Mba, a lawyer and a member of the Nigerian Institute of Public Relations (NIPR), is also an alumnus of the University of Dundee, Scotland – United Kingdom, where he earned a Master’s Degree in Law. An IVLP scholar, he holds a Diploma in Police Strategic Management from the University of Virginia, USA and a graduate of the prestigious FBI National Academy (FBINA) in Quantico, Virginia, USA. He also holds a Certificate in National and International Security from Harvard University, USA. A veteran Public Relations (PR) practitioner, he is being re-appointed as the Force Public Relations Officer (FPRO) and the Image-maker for the Nigeria Police Force for the third time. “Ag. CP Idowu Owohunwa, the newly re-appointed Principal Staff Officer to the Inspector General of Police (PSO-IGP), holds a Bachelor’s degree in International Studies from Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria, and a Master’s Degree in Criminal Justice Studies and Policing from the University of Leeds, United Kingdom. A Chevening Scholar, Ag. CP Owohunwa also holds a Diploma in Police Strategic Management at the University of Virginia, USA and a graduate of the globally recognized FBI National Academy in Quantico, Virginia, USA. Ag. CP Owohunwa was the PSO-IGP between 2015 and 2016, and to the immediate past Inspector General of Police. This re-appointment marks the third time he is holding the position as the Principal Staff Officer to the Inspector-General of Police. “In a similar vein, the IGP has ordered the posting of the following officers; CSP Idris Abdullahi Abubakar as the PSO II to the IGP, SP Isah Abdulhamid as PA-IGP, SP Nura Kabir Hanga as Secretary – IGP, amongst other personal aides. “The Senior Police Officers are expected to bring their professional and intellectual exposure to bear in assisting the IGP and his Management Team in developing/implementing strategic policing policies and plans, all directed at stabilizing internal security, modernizing police operations and restoring police primacy in the protection of lives and property of citizens. “The appointments/postings of the Senior Officers and personal aides take immediate effect”. Sun News The Inspector-General of Police, IGP M.A Adamu, NPM, mni has approved the posting of Deputy Inspector General of Police, DIG Sanusi N. Lemu, mni and Assistant Inspector-General of Police, AIG Usman Alkali Baba, fdc as DIG in-charge of the Department of Operations and Ag. DIG in-charge of Finance and Administration,… In "Security" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Inspector General of Police (I-G), Mohammed Adamu, has approved the deployment of the five newly promoted Deputy Inspectors General of Police (DIGs) to various departments of the force. The Force Public Relations Officer (FPRO), Frank Mba, disclosed this in a statement on Friday in Abuja.… In "Top Stories" By Monday Ijeh Abuja - The Inspector-General of Police (IGP) Mr Mohammed Adamu has ordered the redeployment of the recently promoted Commissioners of Police to the rank of Assistant Inspectors General (AIG). The Force Public Relations Officer (FPRO),  DCP Frank Mba disclosed this in a statement on Saturday in Abuja.… In "News"