ABUJA – The Nigerian Guild of Editors (NGE) has accused the National Broadcasting Commission (NBC) of double standards in suspending Channels TV programme ‘Politics Today’ over an interview, on Sunday, the broadcast station had with spokesman of IPOB, Emmanuel Powerful. The full statement released Monday night reads: The Nigerian Guild of Editors condemns in strong terms the threat issued to Channels Television by the National Broadcasting Commission, NBC, over an interview with the spokesperson of the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, Mr. Emmanuel Powerful.Powerful had featured on Channels programme “Politics Today” on Sunday April 25, 2021 , where he allegedly made inciting statements.The NBC in the letter ordered the immediate suspension of the programme.The Guild will not stand by and watch media houses being threatened by regulatory agencies in the country.Press freedom is threatened when media houses are made to operate in an atmosphere of fear .The Guild stands with Channels and will go to any length to defend press freedom in the country.The body of editors believes that the NBC is guilty of double standards because stations that carried Sheikh Gumi’s parley with terrorists in their camps, were not sanctioned by the commission. The NBC should jettison the practice of issuing threats to broadcast stations over matters that could easily be dealt with through dialogue. Democracy will be meaningless in Nigeria if press freedom is eroded. Mustapha Isah,President,NGE Mary Atolagbe,General Secretary,NGE By Philomina Attah Abuja - The Nigerian Guild of Editors (NGE) has condemned the suspension of the licences of the African Independent Television (AIT) and Ray Power by the National Broadcasting Commission (NBC) and demanded its reversal. The NGE expressed its view in a statement made available to the News… In "News" The National Broadcasting Commission has been given 48 hours to cancel fines it imposed on AIT, Channels and Arise Tv. Recall that NBC placed the sanctions yesterday been 26 of October 2020 over their coverage of #EndSARS protests. Now, Nigeria's leading rights group, Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP), has… In "Top Stories" ABUJA -National Broadcasting Commission (NBC)The National Broadcasting Commission (NBC) has suspended Channels Television with a fine N5 million for breaching the broadcast code. In a letter to the Managing Director of Channels Television signed by the Acting Director-General of the Commission, NBC, Prof. Armstrong Idachaba, the Commission referred to Channels… In "Top Stories"