A group known as Shanhgev-Tiev Assembly (STA) has condemned the military invasion of parts of Konshisha Local Government Area of Benue State in which many lives have allegedly been lost and several property destroyed. Addressing newsmen in Makurdi on Friday, the group, led by Elder Tyoh Jude lamented that the military invasion had rendered many of their kith and kin homeless while many innocent people have also been killed by the military. While strongly condemning the killing of military officers in the area, the group regretted that over 70 persons including women children and the aged have been reported dead and more than 100 persons missing so far since the alleged invasion of the military in the area began a few days ago. However, a military source who did not want to be named denied the killing of 70 civilians in the invasion saying the group should produce the 70 corpses of those they claimed were killed by the military in the communities. The STA listed communities already invaded and schools, hospitals, destroyed by the military to include Bonta, Tse-Jembe, Tse-Anyom, Gbinde, Mbaakpur, Aku, Agidi, Gungul, Adoka, Guleya, Awajir, Shiliki, Achoho all in Konshisha LGA as well as Ullam in Gwer LGA. “The general public mayWish to know that the Nigeria Army had consistently deployed fighter helicopters that operate on daily basis and scores of armoured vehicles that continually shell sophisticated firepower to kill and destroy property of our people. The members of the Shangev-Tiev Assembly while lamented that several houses including that of the oldest traditional ruler in the area were burnt down already by the military lamented that many people have also died from trauma occasioned by the violent invasion. They reaffirmed that insecurity in all its forms and manifestations constitute one of the most serious threats to national unity and peace adding that any act of banditry is criminal and unjustifiable, regardless of any aclaimed motivation, wherever, whenever and by whomsoever. “We reaffirm the need for government at all levels to combat criminality within the provisions of the extant laws of the land. “We wish to further state here that the Nigerian military is recruited, trained and remunerated by tax-payers money and is vested with the constitutional duty to defend the territorial integrity of the country against internal insurrection and external aggression. Sun News According to a report by SaharaReporters, the people of Mbator in Shangev-Tiev of Konshisha Local Government Area of Benue State on Friday claimed that at least 70 innocent persons were killed during an invasion by soldiers. SaharaReporters had on Thursday reported how troops of the Operation Whirl-Stroke (OPWS) invaded the… In "News" •Muhammadu Buhari, President and Commander-in-Chief, Nigerian Armed Forces MINNA - Bandits in the early hours of yesterday invaded a military base in Allawa, Shiroro Local Government Area of Niger State and killed five soldiers and a mobile policeman. The entire military camp was razed by the bandits who invaded the base… In "Top Stories" Gabriel Suswam, the Senator representing Benue North-East District and former Governor, has condemned the Nigerian Army for using helicopter strikes on unarmed Tiv communities in the Konshisha Local Government Area of Benue State, SaharaReporters reports. Suswam, who has raised a petition to the Defence Headquarters, Abuja, to investigate the invasion,… In "Features"