No fewer than five persons were killed by bandits yesterday, just as two others were injured in Chikun and Jema’a Local Government Areas (LGAs) of Kaduna State. Report said a decomposing body was discovered in Zangon Kataf LGA of the State, but was buried immediately. This was contained in a statement, yesterday, by the Commissioner for Internal security and Home Affairs, Samuel Aruwan. The report read: “Security agencies have reported that armed bandits attacked Katarma village in Chikun Local Government Area. According to the report, five persons were killed in the attack. One person was injured, and is receiving treatment in a neighbouring state. “In another incident, troops of Operation Safe Haven reported a clash between some youths in Atuku village, Jema’a LGA. “During the clash, one Afiniki Thomas was attacked by two youths, and sustained a deep gash to the forehead. “One of the assailants, Sani Safiyanu, was arrested for profiling and investigation. The injured victim was rushed to hospital for treatment. “Furthermore, troops of Operation Safe Haven, while on patrol, discovered the decomposing body of Paul Simon, a resident of Yagbak village in Zangon Kataf LGA. The deceased was reported missing on March 24, 2021. The body has since been buried. “Receiving the reports, Governor Nasir El-Rufai prayed for the repose of those slain, and sent condolences to their families, while wishing the injured a quick recovery.” Sun News …Kaduna, Zamfara, Borno deadliest states…North-West deadliest zone AS flames of violence and other forms of lives guzzling insecurity flicker in many parts of the country, Nigeria has literally become a killing field. In the first six weeks of 2021, lives of no fewer than 1,525 persons have been wasted across… In "Top Stories" •A file photo of a gun seized from crime suspects in Nigeria  KADUNA - Six persons have been killed by bandits during fresh village attacks in Igabi and Kauru Local Government Areas (LGAs) of Kaduna State. This latest killing took place barely 24 hours after attacks by bandits in Zango… In "Top Stories" Kaduna State government has confirmed that bandits shot at the official vehicle of Emir of Birnin-Gwari around the Zonkoro axis of the Kaduna-Birnin Gwari road, within Chikun local. The State Commissioner of Internal Security and Home Affairs, Samuel Aruwan confirmed the incident in a statement, saying that, the incident happened… In "News"