•Yinka Odumakin The full statement reads: ABUJA (Sundiata Post) – A former minister of aviation, Chief Femi Fani-Kayode, has paid tribute to Chief Yinka Odumakin, spokesman of Yoruba sociology group, Afenifere, who died on Saturday.The former minister in a statement he sent to Sundiata Post on Saturday described the late Odumakin as a warrior who feared nothing and stood for truth at all times. I am deeply saddened that we have lost Comrade Yinka Odumakin, one of our brightest and best. He was a great warrior who feared nothing and who stood for truth and justice right to the end. The South West and indeed Nigeria has lost one of its greatest sons and brightest stars. May the Lord forgive him of all his sins, may He honour him with a place in Heaven and may his great and mighty soul rest in peace. Adieu great warrior, until we meet again. Those of us who had the honour of being called your brother and who stood by you shoulder to shoulder through the most trying times for our people and the most bitter battles for the emancipation of our nation shall miss you dearly. You were a Spartan and a Roman all rolled into one in every sense of the word. A great son of the West who inspired millions, who made us proud of who we are and what we stand for, who humbled our collective adversaries and who harboured no fear. Your legacy is truly blessed and wrapped in glory and it shall surely endure. Be rest assured that those of us that you have left behind shall pick up the gauntlet, receive the baton, fly the flag and continue the great fight. And as we enter each new battle we shall call your name in awe and remember you. May your star shine brightly amongst the hosts of Heaven until we meet again at the marriage feast of the Lamb and may the Lord comfort and strengthen  your dear wife, your children and all your loved ones at this difficult time. The whole of Nigeria mourns you brother. You fought a good fight, you held the line, you stayed the course and now it is time for you to rest. We shall never forget you. Adieu great warrior until we meet again. ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - A former Minister of Aviation in Nigeria, Chief Femi Fani-Kayode, on Friday released a tribute in honour of the deceased former President of Ghana, Jerry John Rawlings. In the tribute shared with Sundiata Post, Fani-Kayode wrote: Great leader, fearless warrior, courageous fighter, gallant soldier, standing till… In "Top Stories" LAGOS - Pan-Yoruba socio-cultural group, Afenifere, has demanded a Coroner’s Inquest into the death of Nigeria’s first female helicopter fighter pilot, Flight Officer Tolulope Arotile. Afenifere made the demand in a statement by its spokesman, Yinka Odumakin, on Thursday. The statement said until the inquest clarifies the exact cause of… In "News" •The late Mrs Olakunrin By Eniola Akinkuotu, Abuja Yoruba socio-cultural organisation, Afenifere, says it has received information that Mrs. Funke Olakunrin, daughter of Afenifere chairman, Pa Reuben Fasoranti, has been killed by persons suspected to be herdsmen. The spokesman for Afenifere, Mr. Yinka Odumakin, said this in a terse message… In "Top Stories"