It was a black weekend as Nigerians woke up to the news of the death of one of the most talented confectionarist in Nigeria, Temple George Dokubo.  The Bayelsa State-born Temple George Dokubo who goes by the Facebook name T George Cakes was reportedly found dead last weekend. The celebrated Bayelsa- based baker, George Dokubo according to multiple reports was strangled to death in his house over the weekend by yet to be identified person(s) in Bayelsa State. However, the motive behind the murder is still unknown. Many people have taken to the social media to mourn the deceased. One of his fans took his Facebook page to pencil down this “In a country where 70% of youths are into fraudulent activities, cultism, robbery and more (in the name of making quick money), lived Temple George Dokubo, a young boy who chose to be among the 30, who would rather work hard diligently and consistently in order to achieve their set goals, make a positive name & also impact lives around them. I believe he was murdered by youths like him (probable because of jealousy, hatred or God-knows-what), or maybe they were paid to do it. Whatever, because God neither sleeps nor slumbers, they won’ t go scot- free. Mr Cakes is no more (he was strangled to death in HIS HOUSE) few days to his birthday, my heart is heavy, been trying not to cry but I just can’ t help it” . Another friend stated that he was a very close friend of his. He also said that T George Dokubo was robbed and murdered on Friday night at his residence. While his body was found in his bathroom on Saturday morning. No report has been received regarding any form of arrest in respect of his death. Asking If I’m Biafran Is Like Asking If My Name Is Asari Dokubo – Ex-militant Leader In "News" Another version of the Biafra agitation seemed to have berthed at the weekend as ex-militant leader, Alhaji Mujahid Asari Dokubo announces himself as the leader of the new Biafra defacto Customary Government (BCG). In a statement by the Head of Information and Communication of the customary government, Uche Mefor, it… In "News" THE Pan Niger Delta Forum and the Movement for the Actualisation of the Sovereign State of Biafra have disagreed on Sunday’s declaration of a new Biafran de facto government by a former Niger Delta militant leader, Alhaji Mujahid Asari-Dokubo. Asari-Dokubo, apart from declaring himself the leader of the new Biafra… In "Features"