•Senator Abaribe ABUJA – The Senate Minority Leader, Senator Enyinnaya Abaribe on Wednesday asked the Muhammadu Buhari-led Administration to be more sincere in handling the security affairs of the country. Abaribe, who was reacting to the recent attacks in Owerri, the Imo State capital, was of the opinion that if Nigeria is to be saved from implosion, then the government must become more nationalistic. His assertion was contained in a statement released by his media adviser, Uchenna Awom. “Time has come for sincerity and nationalistic approach by government to address the myriad of problems besetting the country, especially insecurity and poor management of the country’s diversity. “The time for a knee-jerk approach and fixated mindset in the investigation of criminal attacks by the security agencies has gone. It is not enough to be driven by a certain mindset, which has the tendency of foreclosing other probable leads and motives during investigations of very serious crimes like the ones we are currently experiencing. “This time calls for deeper introspection and painstaking investigation by the relevant security agencies so that we nip these dangerous dimensions in the bud if the country must be rescued from falling off the cliff,” Senator Abaribe said. The senator while condoling with the police and other security agencies that have come under attack in recent times, called for a thorough investigation into the rising wave of attack on police formations across the country, especially the ones that happened in Imo State. He condemned the frightening surge of violence in the South East, particularly the attack on the Correctional Centre in Owerri, the Ebonyi and Enugu states and urged the security agencies to dig in and unravel the motives behind the incessant attacks and apprehend the criminal elements to face the full weight of the law. The minority leader said the attack on security agencies, particularly on the police, which is the first line of civil defense is unacceptable and stands condemned. Senator Abaribe further expressed worry that the country is fast sliding into total anarchy and cautioned that the time has come when the federal government should rise up and address the poor security situation in the country holistically looking at Nigeria as a nation. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Senate Minority Leader, Senator Enyinnaya Abaribe has expressed displeasure over the killings of Igbo youths in Emene, Enugu state last Sunday by Security operatives saying the constancy of the killings has given room to wide suspicion of a sinister motive. He also warned… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Minority Leader of the Senate, Senator Enyinnaya Abaribe has described as reprehensible and utterly sacrilegious the attack on former Deputy Senate President, Senator Ike Ekweremadu by some persons claiming to be members of IPOB in Nuremberg, Germany. Abaribe not only condemned the despicable… In "News" The call by the Minority Leader of the Senate, Enyinnaya Abaribe, on the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.) to resign immediately based on Buhari’s inability to curtail the alarming security challenges in the country caused a stir on the floor of the red chamber on Wednesday. Abaribe spoke after… In "Politics"