Due to the upcoming Olympics, the boxing match between Anthony Joshua and Tyson Fury could be further delayed.  The two heavyweights are looking to set a date for their unification bout which had been planned for this summer but the fight could be delayed further due Joshua’s coach being involved in the Olympics with Team Great Britain. Rob McCracken, Joshua’s coach, will be in Tokyo with Team GB for the Olympic Games between July 23 until August 8 which would affect Joshua’s preparations. Now, Fury’s promoter Frank Warren says he expects the fight to happen in late August or potentially September. Apart from that factor, a location for the bout is also set to be decided with the likes of Saudi Arabia and the USA touted as venues. Fury, who spoke earlier this week, claimed the fight was due to be signed off in the coming days. He said: “I think it will 100 per cent happen, one million per cent happen, and I think we are going to know within the next couple of days who, what, where and when. “I’m pretty confident this fight is going to get made in the next few days because, from what I have heard, there are some big players involved and some big offers come in from very rich people and very rich countries. “So I am sure that they are going to be good offers. “I’m very excited to finally get this fight and make it happen. I know that he wants the fight and I want the fight. “We are just going to get it on and give each other a good hiding; he’s going to try and punch my head in, I’m going to try and punch his head in and we are going to lay it all on the line for the boxing fans and for sport in general. “This is the biggest sporting moment, I believe, in my generation. I was just about to say you’ve got two undefeated heavyweights, champions of the world going at it. “But I can’t say that, because there is only one undefeated world champion and that is me. But he has got his belts back so there are two world heavyweight champions, from Britain, going head-to-head in a mammoth fight.”  Source Anthony Joshua and Tyson Fury have agreed in principle to meet in two blockbuster fights, according to Joshua’s promoter Eddie Hearn. Hearn has been negotiating with Fury’s camp for several weeks and he said the terms were in place for the British world heavyweight champions to go head to head.… In "Sports" Mike Tyson has backed Tyson Fury to defeat Anthony Joshua in the hotly anticipated heavyweight Battle of Britain later this year. Tyson believes the speed the Gypsy King possesses means he will be able to outwit Joshua and avoid his powerful punches in a similar tactic that saw him emerge… In "Sports" London - Heavyweight world champion Anthony Joshua is likely to cancel a scheduled title defence at Wembley Stadium on April 13, with a June fight in New York now on the cards. According to promoter Eddie Hearn, the Wembley fixture, with no opponent confirmed but compatriot Dillian Whyte the obvious… In "Sports"