The Presidency has assured the families of the abducted Chibok girls that it is doing its best to seek the release of the remaining Chibok schoolgirls.  In a statement by Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Mallam Garba Shehu, the Presidency said the girls had not been forgotten. The statement said government was as concerned as the parents and other loved ones of the victims. It appealed for support, understanding, as well as prayers for the military to succeed in the ongoing campaigns to rout the terrorist. “The Presidency reassures parents and all concerned citizens that the missing students of Government Girls Secondary School, Chibok, Borno State, remain constantly on the minds of government as they are always on the minds of their parents. “The Presidency gives assurances that the release of the remaining Chibok girls is still work in progress. “No one is giving up hope here. Efforts to secure their release through various channels and activities of the security and intelligence agencies remain on course. “The recent decisive push by the military against the terrorists gives hope that a breakthrough is possible and could happen anytime soon. “The Presidency asks for support, understanding and prayers for the military as they discharge their historic mandate to quickly finish off the insurgency war and free all citizens held hostage,” the statement said.  Source By Ismaila chafe  Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari says his promise to ensure the release of Leah Sharibu and the remaining Chibok girls in captivity of Boko Haram remains valid and will be fulfilled. The President renewed the pledge in a message by his Senior Special Assistant on Media and… In "Top Stories" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The All Progressives Congress Presidential Campaign Organisation (APCPCO) has called on President Goodluck Jonathan to bring back the missing Chibok girls to their parents, rather than sending emissaries to them and making yet more pledges as the president has been doing over the past few days.… In "News" PRESS RELEASE ON JULY 30, 2014 Following the controversy surrounding the sum of N100m said to have been given to Chibok parents when the group met with President Goodluck Jonathan recently in Abuja, the Kibaku Area Development Association (KADA) has said the association did not collect any money from the… In "News"