The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has denied that its outfit, the Eastern Security Network (ESN) attacked the Imo State police headquarters and the Correctional Centre in Owerri on Monday as well as the killing of the 4 northern traders in Umuaka, Orlu. In a statement by the media and publicity secretary of the group, Emma Powerful to newsmen in Owerri, it reiterated that its security outfit and IPOB are known and not formed to attack security forces but Fulani killer herders in the forests. He said ” ESN is in the bush chasing Fulani terrorists, why linking IPOB and ESN to this attack. IPOB and ESN were not involved in the attack in Owerri Imo State. and the recent attack on Onitsha Owerri road at Ukwuorji junction. It is not our mandate to attack security personnel or prison facilities. The Nigeria Government and her compromised media outfits should stop linking IPOB and ESN to the multiple attacks going on in Nigeria now. IPOB was formed on principle of peace and we are still in it. Unknown gunmen is a different people which we don’t know them and they not IPOB or ESN security outfit. Powerful stated. Sun News The proscribed Indigenious People of Biafra (IPOB) has denied responsibility for Monday’s attacks on Imo Police Headquarters and Correctional Centre where over 2,000 inmates were freed. Its Media and Publicity Secretary Emma Powerful said the attacks were not carried out by operatives of Eastern Security Network (ESN). He said: “The… In "News" The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has dismissed claim by Governor of Imo State, Hope Uzodimma, that it hijacked the Eastern Security Network (ESN) from the South East governors. In a statement by it media and publicity secretary, Emma Powerful, it said ESN was created out of necessity after it… In "News" THE Indigenous People of Biafra said on Monday that there was enough money to fund its security arm known as the Eastern Security Network. The group’s Media and Publicity Secretary, Emma Powerful, stated this in a press statement, adding that ESN was funded by IPOB members resident in 120 countries.… In "News"