By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has raised the alarm of fake Twitter accounts masquerading as genuine Twitter handle of the Executive Chairman, Mr. Abdulrasheed Bawa. The Commission in a statement signed by Head, Media & Publicity, Wilson Uwujaren urged public to note that the fake account include: @AbdurasheedBawa, @AbdulrBawa and @AbdulRashidBawa1. According to the statement, one of the fake twitter handles: @AbdulRashidBaw1, which was created in February following the appointment of Bawa as EFCC Chair, has witnessed a steady stream of followers, an indication that many have been hoodwinked into believing they were dealing with the EFCC Chair. “The Commission is alarmed that this prank by unscrupulous elements is unwittingly exposing suspecting citizens to potentially grievous manipulation by fraudsters. ‘Against this background, it is imperative to again warn that, these Twitter accounts are fake and have no link whatsoever with Mr. Abdulrasheed Bawa, Executive Chairman, EFCC. Those following the fake twitter accounts are therefore doing so at their own risk, the statement said. In the same vein, the Commission wishes to remind the promoters of the fake twitter accounts that their actions amount to impersonation or identity theft which is a criminal offence under the Cybercrime (Prohibition, Prevention, Etc.,) Act 2015. They are warned to desist or risk the full wrath of the law. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Executive Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, Mr. Abdulrasheed Bawa on Monday, March 8, 2021 addressed staff of the Commission at the EFCC Headquarters in Abuja, with an appeal to all personnel to be disciplined and dedicated to their… In "Top Stories" By Racheal Ishaya Abuja -  The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has raised alarm over the existence of several twitter handles purportedly owned by the Governor of the Bank, Mr Godwin Emefiele. CBN Acting Director, Corporate Communication, Mr Isaac Okorafor in a statement on Tuesday in Abuja, urged Nigerians to… In "News" The President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), has met with the new Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, Abdulrasheed Bawa, at the Presidential Villa in Abuja on Thursday. Though details of the closed-door meeting have not been revealed, photos from the meeting were shared on the official Twitter… In "Features"