The presidency on Friday has reacted to the high rise of insecurity in the country.  The Special Adviser to the President on Media and Publicity, Femi Adesina in this week’s edition of Fridays with Adesina, titled NIGERIA AND WAR OF TONGUES, said no government would be happy seeing its citizens being slaughtered. Speaking on the alleged war of tongue, Adesina faulted some religious leaders particularly the Christians for “preaching hatred” against the government of his principal. According to him, religious leaders ought to preach peace not war, adding that they are expected to live by example. Adesina who believes that the alleged hate speech has the potency of triggering violence, said, “when we speak evil about our country, and its leaders, it comes back to us. “What we say is what we get. It is an inexorable spiritual law. Sow wind, reap the whirlwind. “No government would love to see its citizens killed. Maimed. Displaced. Unhappy. And if anything, the Buhari administration is doing so much in battling the insecurity in the land. But sadly, it faces another deadlier war-the war of tongues. Why don’t we pause and think that it is the only country we have, and begin to speak better, more positive things? “In Nigeria of today, if there are no issues to bellyache over, some people will create one. There must be no quiet time. The war of tongues must continue. Pity. “War of tongues cause acrimony, discord, disharmony. But let not the person who causes that war think he will get away with it ultimately. His tongue eventually gets set on fire of hell. (James 3:6)”.  Source Our country is at war today on many fronts. Nigeria battles insurgency, terrorism, banditry, kidnappings, armed robbery, cult killings, ritual murders, and war of tongues. War of tongues. Is that a new one? No, it’s as old as man, but it is perhaps the deadliest of all the wars. It… In "Opinion" Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  The Special Adviser to the President on Media and Publicity, Femi Adesina, has blamed churches and mosques as well as some sections of the media for promoting messages of hate. He added that the #EndSARS movement was a vehicle of hate messages. Adesina wrote, "The EndSARS… In "News" A presidential spokesperson, Femi Adesina, has released the statement below attacking an editor of Thisday newspaper over an article critical of President Muhammadu Buhari. Mr Adesina said he was responding to the article by editor Shaka Momodu titled ‘The General is Divider-in-Chief. Read Mr Adesina’s full statement below. Shaka Momodu:… In "News"