ABUJA – Dealboku, Nigeria’s fastest growing online deals marketplace, has announced promo package for a range of products and services.According to a statement issued by Mrs Hannah Atomode, managing consultant, to qualify for the promo, a buyer needs to download the Dealboku mobile app from either Google play store (for Android devices) or Apple store (for iOS devices), register on the website (https://dealboku.com) and make transaction using the mobile app.She listed the packages as buy four spa packages and get the fifth one free and N500 airtime on any network after purchase of any other following items, a bag of rice, phone, oven bake car painting and a spa session. In addition, anyone who refers four persons for spa session will get the fifth one free. The person can either decide to redeem it personally or send someone to redeem it.For the oven baked car painting service, anyone who refers a customer gets N1,000 bonus can can be used to fund transaction on the e-commerce platform.For those already registered on the e-commerce platform, all they need to do is to make transaction using the mobile app.Atomode said the Dealboku mobile app is very light, adding that at 2.2mb in size Dealboku app is among the best apps currently available on any platform or operating system.She said the promo was necessitated by the need to reward loyal customers and to create awareness for the Android and iOS mobile apps recently launched.Dealboku, a subsidiary of Sundiata Post Media Ltd, was launched in July 2020 as an online deals shop for services and products. For more enquiries, call 07063748025 or09010676877. ABUJA - Dealboku (https://dealboku.com), Nigeria's leading online services and products deals market place has launched its mobile app. The app is now available on Google play store (https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.dealboku.mobileapplication).Project director of Dealboku, Mrs Hannah Atomode, in a statement issued on Tuesday, said the iOS version of the mobile app would be… In "Top Stories" ABUJA (SundiataPost) - Nigeria's latest e-commerce platform, Dealboku (https://dealboku.com) opens for business today, Thursday, 9 July 2020.Dealboku is promoted by Sundiata Post Media Ltd, publishers of Sundiata Post (https://sundiatapost.com), Nigeria's fast growing multimedia news platform.According to a statement signed by Mr. Max Amuchie, Founder/CEO of Sundiata Post Media, Dealboku is… In "Top Stories" ABUJA (SundiataPost) - Nigeria's online deals marketplace, Dealboku, has released a set of frequently asked questions (FAQs) in response to inquiries by customers. The FAQs released by the project consultant, Hannah Atomode, reads:Question: How do I register as a customer?Answer: Kindly log into www.dealboku.com, click on sign in or join… In "Business"