A former Minister of Education, Oby Ezekwesili, has accused Nigeria’s President Muhammadu Buhari of supporting terrorism.  Thiis comes after the Presidency defended the Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Isa Pantami, over statements he made in the past supporting terrorist groups like Taliban and Al-Qaeda. Buhari, through his Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu, threw its weight behind the Minister amid calls for his resignation. The calls followed revelations which linked Pantami with terrorist organisations – Al-Qaeda and the Taliban. Shehu in the statement, said: “The administration stands behind Minister Pantami.” Reacting via her Twitter, Ezekwesili said: “In that singular act of siding with his Minister of Communication, @NGRPresident @MBuhari actually conveyed a message on his view of terrorism. “Nigerians now know that his views align with that of his Minister. “It is now left to Nigerians to convey whether we agree with them,” she tweeted.  Source The Department of State Security, DSS has been urged to weild into the controversy surrounding the Minister of Communication and Digital Economy, Sheikh Isa Pantami. A civil society group, Concerned Nigerians, on Monday, urged DSS to recommend Pantami's sack to President Muhammadu Buhari. The recent public outcry against Pantami’s alleged… In "News" The Presidency may have ruled out the possibility of sacking the Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Isa Pantami. The Presidency said Pantami’s ordeals were not about his past utterances but about his current job as a minister. This is just as the House of Representatives said members were ready… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Former minister of Education, Oby Ezekwesili has slammed the presidency for siding of the Minister of Communication and Digital Economy, Dr Isa Pantami , saying she does not agree that any citizen can get away with such bloodcurdling rhetorics Pantami made through the… In "Top Stories"