•ASP Sunday Erhator LAGOS – Nigerians have raised about N500,000 to compensate an Assistant Superintendent of Police, Sunday Erhator, who remained calm in the face of assault by a traffic offender Victor Ebhomenyen in Oniru, Victoria Island, Lagos State. The incident, which occurred on Saturday went viral on the social media, with the policeman attracting the sympathy of Nigerians. Lagos Police spokesman Olumuyiwa Adejobi in a statement said Ebhomenyen, 33, has been arrested and was in the police custody at the State Criminal Investigation Department Panti, for investigation and prosecution. Mr Adejobi said police are searching for “the fleeing accomplice,” Etinosa Obayuwana. In viral videos, Ebhomenyen and Obayuwana were seen pushing the chest of Erhator and spewing expletives after the policeman and his colleagues attached to the Rapid Response Squad of the state command stopped a white Hyundai SUV, MUS 251 EH facing their convoy on one-way. “The officer, who was armed with his official AK 47 rifle, showed high level of professionalism despite fierce provocations by resisting the temptation of using his rifle on the suspect,” Adejobi said in a statement. A Facebook user Ugo Egbujo started the donation on Sunday. “Many of us have indicated interest to bless that police officer. The idea is to support ethical policing. The idea is to encourage responsible policing. We will give ourselves 48 hrs. No amount is too small. It’s a show of support,” he wrote. The donation is expected to end on Tuesday while the money is expected to be given to Erhator by Wednesday afternoon. Lagos State Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu also met with Erhator on Monday at the Lagos Governor House in Marina for a “governorship handshake”. The governor applauded the police officer for his “show of patience, decorum and what is expected of a police officer” in the face of provocation and urged other officers to emulate him. A motorist who knocked a Police Inspector into a canal while fleeing arrest for driving against traffic has been arrested, the police said Thursday. A viral 52-second video showed moment the driver, identified as Sunday Okodo, 38, who was reversing to escape a team of officers hit the policeman, David… In "News" David Zapaina, the police official who fell from a bridge after a traffic offender tried to evade the authorities has been discharged from hospital and is in stable condition. He, however, sustained a fracture to the hand. The Police Public Relations Officer, Muyiwa Adejobi, said this in a statement titled,… In "News" LAGOS - A policeman in a viral video, seen counting money extorted from a motorist in Ago Palace Way, Okota, Lagos has been identified. He is Inspector Taloju Martins, a station officer at Ago Palace Way Police Station. rrested and to undergo orderly room trial. According to a trending video… In "Metro"