Microblogging and social networking service provider, Twitter, has explained why it chose to locate its Africa office in Ghana and not Nigeria.  Twitter has recently announced its Africa office will be located in Accra, capital of Ghana. It however clarified Nigeria remains its target market though the office will be in Accra. The company in a post by Kayvon Beykpour and Uche Adegbite, Twitter’s Product Lead, and Director, Product Management, Global Markets, respectively said: “Today, in line with our growth strategy, we’re excited to announce that we are now actively building a team in Ghana.” The social networking service said its new team members would be working remotely under its work-from-home policies while it explores “the opportunity to open an office in Ghana in the future”. Amid reactions from Nigerians that the continent’s biggest market was snubbed, Twitter said it chose Ghana as the country is a champion of democracy. It said its decision was informed by Ghana’s “support for free speech and online freedoms.” It added that Ghana’s recent appointment to host the Secretariat of the African Continental Free Trade Area (AfCFTA) also influenced its decision. Despite not siting its Africa’s office in Nigeria, Twitter made clear its target market is Nigeria, apparently given its population. In its job advertisements, the company said of its curator positions: “This role is based in Accra, Ghana and focused on Nigeria.” It said the ideal candidate to occupy the positions “should have a deep, non-partisan, understanding of Nigerian news and politics.” It also said candidates with understanding of English Pidgin, Yoruba, Hausa and Igbo, will have advantage. According to statista.com, in 2020 alone, the number of social media users in Nigeria reached roughly 28 million.  However, in Ghana, it said as of January 2021, Ghana registered approximately eight million active social media users, up from six million in 2019.   Source By Oluwaseyi Oduneye-Ogunwomoju Ibadan   -     Team Nigeria Armwrestlers emerged second on the medals table at the just concluded 9th Africa Armwrestling Championships in Accra, Ghana. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that they clinched six gold, six silver and six bronze behind Ghana the host country which came first.… In "Sports" IKEJA - Mrs Fifi Rurangwa, Nigeria Country Manager, RwandAir, says the airline will soon start direct flights to the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja. Rurangwa told newsmen on Tuesday in Lagos that plans were on to increase the airline’s daily flights to Lagos.  RwandAir is one of the leading carriers… In "Business" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) President Muhammadu Buhari Tuesday in Accra, the capital of Ghana, said with the right leadership and implementation of public policies, Africa’s drive to eradicate poverty and entrench democracy is on course. Speaking at Ghana’s 61st Independence anniversary celebration at the Independence Square in Accra, President Buhari noted… In "Top Stories"