A Madrid, Spain-bound drug trafficker, Okonkwo Chimezie Henry, arrested at the Murtala Muhammed International Airport (MMIA), Ikeja, Lagos, on Easter Sunday, April 4, 2021, excreted a total of 113 wraps of cocaine weighing 1.750 kilogrammes with a street value put at N423 million. Okonkwo was about boarding a Turkish Airline flight number TK0626 at about 8pm, when he was apprehended at screening 2 point and taken into custody by the NDLEA operatives at the Lagos airport. He was subsequently put under observation at the JBTF/NDLEA facility for further investigation. Twenty four hours after putting him under excretion observation, the suspect who has been living in Spain for 10 years excreted 39 wraps of cocaine and subsequently passed out a total of 113 wraps in five excretions. Further investigation reveals he ingested the illicit drug at a hotel in Igando area of Lagos. According to the Commander, MMIA Command of the NDLEA, Ahmadu Garba, “the suspect excreted 39 wraps weighing 600 grammes at 9.58am on April 5; 13 wraps weighing 200 grammes at 6.30pm same day; 16 wraps weighing 250 grammes at 10.30pm same day; and 32 wraps weighing 500 grammes at 7.30am on April 6.” In the same vein, operatives at the airport have intercepted a 2.8kg of skunk meant for Dubai in UAE through Emirate Airline. The illicit drug was concealed in crayfish; bitter leaves and melons packaged in a sack but was recovered at the SAHCO export shed of the MMIA. Chairman/Chief Executive Officer of NDLEA, Brig. General Mohamed Buba Marwa (Retd), in his reaction commended officers and men of the MMIA Command of the Agency for not allowing criminal elements take advantage of the Easter holiday to further their illicit trade, and dent Nigeria’s image abroad. “We all must stay committed to the ongoing offensive action at the airports, seaports, land borders, on the streets of Nigerian cities and across the various drug joints and even in the forests where some are hiding to cultivate and process cannabis sativa. We must disrupt their illicit trade and dismantle their cartels,” he charged. Sun News A suspected drug trafficker intercepted by the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA), Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja, has excreted 86 wraps of cocaine, according to the agency. NDLEA’s spokesperson, Jonah Achema, said, the suspect, Oluchukwu Onu Friday, aged 39, was arrested during the outward clearance of India bound Ethiopian… In "News" Lagos  -   The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) at the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport Abuja said it apprehended four suspected drug traffickers with 6.822kg of narcotics worth N61 million. This is contained in a statement signed by the agency's spokesperson on Friday in Lagos, Mr Mitchell Ofoyeju. According… In "Metro" Lagos  -   The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) on Friday said it recovered 193 wraps of substance suspected to be cocaine inside a passenger’s socks at the Murtala Muhammed International Airport (MMIA), Lagos. This is contained in a statement issued and signed by the agency's spokesperson, Mr Mitchell… In "Metro"