The Human Rights Writers Association of Nigeria, HURIWA has faulted the Department of State Services (DSS) on its recent alarm claiming that the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, purchased and moved bombs to the South East. Recall that DSS had in a letter dated April 26, 2021 and sent to the brigade commander of 34 Artillery Brigade, Obinze, Owerri, Imo capital, alleged that the members of the IPOB were moving bombs and other explosives to Imo, stating that the move was to further destabilise the state. Reacting, in a statement on Thursday, the rights group questioned the DSS for not raising alarm on the activities of the Boko Haram insurgents, herdsmen and bandits. The statement reads: “The alarm about some bombs and devices being allegedly imported into South East by IPOB as alleged by DSS and the mode of Communication and the deliberate leaking of such official communication to the media to demonise the South East and paint it like a region that is breeding rebellion, is unprofessional and may have being staged so as to portray the South East of Nigeria as a rebel enclave and to build up a narrative to exonerate armed Fulani herdsmen accused of masterminding many blood cuddling attacks. “Why has this same DSS not raised a single alarm on how boko haram terrorists invaded a part of Niger State and are at the verge of invading Abuja but only the patriotic governor of Niger State was courageous enough to raise the alarm? Why has the DSS not raised alarm regarding how the Fulani Militia that have destroyed many towns and villages in Katsina, Zamfara, and Southern Kaduna buy and import their weapons which they displayed on the many occasions that Sheikh Ahmed Gumi of Kaduna often visit them? “Why has the DSS not raised alarm before the many invasions of communities in Benue State by armed Fulani killers who have slaughtered Tiv farmers and even went as far as killing over 70 of these IDPs in their internally displaced camps? Why has the DSS not uncovered those who nearly killed Benue governor and even when the media quoted a Fulani group as claiming responsibility, this same DSS has for a month kept silent? “But now instead of stopping the so-called importation of bombs without conceding that there are elements of believability and actuality, the DSS and the Nigerian Army are raising alarm just to try to destroy the sanity, stability and peace of the South-East.” IPOB Raises Alarm, Says DSS Plots To Portray Kanu As ‘Christ’ In "Top Stories" In what appeared to be a well-planned attack, about a dozen men armed with AK 47 and grenades on Saturday killed about eight people, including three security personnel, and set the country home of Governor Hope Uzodinma of Imo State at Omuma, Oru East Local Government Area of the state… In "News" The mayhem in the Eastern Heartland of Imo State has left everyone perplexed. Security eruptions in Imo State appear to be an indicator of what the country is turning to. The state's stories seem like scenes from blockbuster sci-fi movies meant to entertain fans in love with gory violence. A… In "Column - Monday"