Eight AK47 rifles and one machine gun have been recovered and four suspects handed over to the police following the murder of soldiers in Konshisha Local Government Area of Benue State.  Governor Samuel Ortom briefed journalists today after an expanded Security Council meeting with stakeholders from the council area. He said that efforts of the Security Council, traditional rulers led by Tor Jechira, Chief Clement Uganden and Ter Ikyor, Chief Jam Gbinde as well as political leaders also led to the recovery of eight AK47 rifles and one machine gun. Deputy chair of Konshisha council area Sam Kave, District Head of Iwarnyam, Chief Unaha Koko, Kindred Head of Mbator, Chief Emmanuel Achirgbenda and the Councilor representing Mbagusa-Mbatser Ward, Tersugh Mela are being quizzed by police in connection to the attack. The State Security Council also resolved that Governor Samuel Ortom lead a delegation to condole with President Muhammadu Buhari over the killing of the soldiers. Governor Ortom said the State Emergency Management Agency (SEMA) had visited Konshisha and assessed the situation with a view to providing relief for the victims.  Source It was all tears as the 11 soldiers who were killed in the bloody Benue communal clash between Konshisha and Oju local government areas in Benue State were buried on Monday in Wurukum Military Cemetery in Makurdi, the Benue State capital. One Army officer and 10 soldiers were found dead… In "News" By Emmanuel Antswen Makurdi - Gov. Samuel Ortom of Benue has suspended three traditional rulers in Katsina-Ala Local Government Area over their roles in the crisis between Shitile and Ikyurav communities. This was contained in a statement on Tuesday by his Chief Press Secretary, Mr Terver Akase, and made available… In "News" One of the five widows of the slain notorious militia leader in Benue State, Terwase Akwaza, aka Gana, Mrs Wantor Akwaza, said on Thursday that her deceased husband was snatched by military men. Recall that the Commander of Operation Ayem A. Kpatuma, Major General Ali Gadzama, had on Tuesday told… In "News"