Justice Aisha Bashir-Aliyu has made history in Nasarawa state after being sworn-in as the substantive Chief Judge of the state.  She was sworn-in by Nasarawa State, Governor Abdullahi Sule. She became the first female Chief Judge in Nasarawa State. Shortly after administering the oath of office on the new CJ, the governor said his administration takes the judiciary as a critical institution providing the needed impetus to strengthen relationships among organs of government. He added that his administration will continue to support the judiciary towards quick dispensation of justice, stressing that the government had approved an increase in subvention of the judiciary to allow implementation of the harmonisation law as well as enhance allowances of magistrates and judges of Area Courts. Sule appealed to members of the judicial staff union on strike to return to work in the interest of the people. The governor called on Justice Bashir-Aliyu, being the first female CJ in the state, to see her appointment as a litmus test, urging her to bring her wealth of experience to bear in the discharge of her onerous task.  Source PORT HARCOURT (Sundiata Post) - Rivers State Governor, Chief Nyesom Wike has declared that the swearing-in of the substantive chief judge of the state, Justice Daisy Wotube Okocha, is a victory for the rule of law and the respect for the rules of succession as outlined by the National Judicial… In "News" The Lagos state government yesterday showered encomiums on the retiring Chief Judge of the state, Justice Ayotunde Philips as she made history handing over to her younger sister Justice Funmilayo Atilade who are both daughters of a for­mer judge, the late Justice James Williams. At a well-attended pro­gramme held at… In "News" PORT HARCOURT (Sundiata Post) - Following the recommendation of the National Judicial Council (NJC), and the approval of the Rivers State House of Assembly,  Governor Nyesom Wike on Tuesday swore in Justice Adama Iyayi-Lamikanra as the substantive chief judge of the state. Governor Wike  advised the judiciary not to be… In "News"