A leading Yoruba activist, Sunday Adeyemo aka Sunday Igboho has spoken after rejecting an invitation from the Inspector-General of Police, Mohammed Adamu.  The letter was sent to the activist on Thursday via DHL and another with about 15 police officers – but both were rejected due to security reasons according to Igboho’s media aide Olayomi Koiki. Olayomi explained that both were not received by Igboho’s security operatives due to safety reasons as such a letter had purportedly led to the death of Nigerian journalist, Dele Giwa. Olayomi said: “We would like to tell the international communities and every Nigerian that this morning 1st of April, 2021, a letter was sent via DHL to Chief Sunday Igboho but the letter was not received by his security operatives. “Later around 3 pm of the same day, a team of about 6 men without uniform arrived in a Corolla car and another 9 were in police uniform but all were identified as police officers. “They wanted to see Chief Sunday Igboho with a letter said to have been addressed to him by the Inspector General of Police. Again, the letter was not received by Chief Sunday’s security team. “Chief Sunday would like to know why a letter was sent to him and for what purpose. If the IG of police wants to invite him, we would like him to first send the same letter to all the bandits and Boko Haram members killing our mothers and farmers and those kidnapping them. “Since the IG of police wants to invite him, he should make a public statement addressed to Chief Sunday Igboho. “We should all remember how letters had been sent to previous Yoruba sons like the late Dele Giwa.”  Source Suspected herdsmen on Sunday allegedly invaded the residence of mother of Yoruba rights activist, Sunday Adeyemo aka Sunday Igboho. Igboho’s spokesman, Olayomi Koiki, confirmed this on Sunday night via his Twitter handle. He wrote: “Chief Sunday Adeyemo’s mother’s house at Igboho was invaded by three Fulani men this evening around… In "News" Yoruba socio-political group, Afenifere, on Friday, condemned the attempt by operatives of the Nigeria Police Force and the men of the Department of State Services to arrest Yoruba rights activist, Sunday Adeyemo, better known as Sunday Igboho. In an exclusive interview with The PUNCH, Afenifere spokesman, Yinka Odumakin, said the… In "News" Yoruba rights activist Sunday Adeyemo aka Sunday Igboho has distanced himself from a trending statement that angry Yoruba youths would invade the palace of the Alake of Egbaland, Oba Adedotun Gbadebo. Igboho’s spokesman, Olayomi Koiki, had in a viral video obtained by The Nation, threatened the Oduduwa agitators would soon… In "Features"