The Biafra Nations League (BNL) says the struggle for Biafra will not affect the livelihood of indigenous people.  BNL made this known while disclosing the outcome of its recent emergency security meeting in Bakassi Peninsula area of Cross River State.  Its Deputy National Leader and Head of Operations (BBS Media), Ebuta Akor Takon, who disclosed the outcome of BNL’s emergency security meeting, said that the group resolved not to pose threats to inhabitants of Bakassi and the entire Biafran supporters in the South East and South South. BNL said that the issue of unknown gunmen should not scare their followers away from the struggle. It said that though the group is yet to identify who the gunmen are, those sponsoring them and their motives, it is in collaboration with other groups in the South East to reach out to the gunmen. It urged the people of the Peninsula and also the Igbos in the South East to go about their normal businesses, adding that “it is our duty to protect you and not to harm you”. BNL refrained from condemning the activities of the gunmen, especially the recent attacks in Imo State, arguing that the attacks did not affect individuals. Meanwhile, the group has asked the Chief of Army Staff, Lt. General Attahiru, to cease operations in Essien Udim, Akwa Ibom State, following the killing of soldiers by hoodlums. It insisted that the recent military operations in the town are alarming and could lead to the attacks escalating elsewhere. BNL alleged that the attackers of the military have gone into hiding, adding that the army has turned its guns on innocent residents. BNL said that the problem in the South East and part of South South should be handled with care as the revolt may worsen. The group reminded the Nigerian Government of how Cameroon has become a war zone as the government failed to apply dialogue to deal with secession issues. The group also asked the army to vacate major roads in Bakassi area of Nigeria where the army is said to be conducting stop-and-search.   The Biafra Nation Youth League, BNYL has alleged that the government is using coronavirus to prevent the group from gathering. The allegation was made on Thursday, stressing that COVID-19 would not distract its members from marking Biafra Heroes Day come 30th May. Ebuta Takon Akor, Deputy National Leader of BNYL,… In "News" Igbo youths, under the aegis of the Coalition of South East Youth Leaders (COSEYL), and the leader of the Customary Government of Biafra, Mujahid Dokubo, have flayed the immediate Inspector General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu’s blame of the attack on Imo Police Headquarters and Correctional Centre on the Indigenous… In "News" By George Odok Bakassi (Cross River) -   Gov. Ben Ayade of Cross River has granted amnesty to over 1,000 members of the Bakassi Strike Force (BSF) who have been operating at the creeks of Bakassi and Akpabuyo local government areas of the state. The group, led by its leader,… In "News"