Nigerian troops have retaken Damasak a town in Borno that was reportedly overrun by Boko Haram terrorists in multiple attacks.  The insurgents also attacked the town at the weekend, destroying facilities owned by global aid organisations. Four people were killed. However, in a recent statement, the Director, Army Public Relations, Brig.-Gen. Mohammed Yerima, disputed the latest reports that the insurgents are occupying the town. Although he acknowledged that Boko Haram attacked the border town, he said the terrorists were repelled. “As we speak, troops are in total control of the general area”. He then uploaded three videos to show that the town is at ease. “The Commander of 5 Brigade, Brig.-Gen. S.S. Tilawan was driving round the town earlier this afternoon to assess the general situation, following the attack by the terrorists,” he said. The director said that the terrorists sneaked in from the northern flank in active collaboration with some local informants. Yerima said the reports that the terrorists had overrun and were in control of Damasak town were blatant misinformation. “The Nigerian Army wishes to assure residents of Damasak and adjoining communities to remain calm as mop operation by the troops are ongoing to flush out the remnant of the terrorists who attacked a section of the town,” he stated. Reports on Wednesday said the terrorists attacked the town, killing between eight and ten civilians. Many were reportedly injured. Hundreds of residents fled to Niger Republic. UPDATE ON DAMASAKThe reports in a section of the media that BokoHaram terrorists have overran & in control of Damasak town is blatant misinformation. There was an attack by the terrorists sometime yesterday but they were effectively repelled by own troops https://t.co/FmlZQiZVtV pic.twitter.com/ApEyW5BQel As we speak, troops are in total control of the general area and as can be seen in the attached video, the Commander of  5 Brigade, Brig Gen SS Tilawan, is driving round the town earlier this afternoon to assess the general situation… pic.twitter.com/VoIrecm8me   Source Hamza Suleiman Maiduguri    -     Damasak Local Government Area of Borno state is currently under crossfire between Nigerian soldiers and Boko Haram fighters. The battle is raging at the time of filing the report. A competent Militatry source, told NAN that the military and the terrorists were currently engaged in a… In "News" By Rabiu Sani Maiduguri, - The Nigerian Army on Tuesday said its troops successfully repelled attack coordinated by the Boko Haram insurgents at Madagali town in Adamawa. Col. Ado Isa, Deputy Director, Army Public Relations 7 Division, said in a statement that the troops killed several insurgents and recovered ammunition… In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The General Officer Commanding (GOC), 7 Division Nigerian Army, Brig-Gen. Victor Ezugwu, has escaped an ambush from the Boko Haram terrorists in northern part of Borno State. This is coming barely 24 hours after the terrorists group engaged the military in a fierce battle that lasted… In "Top Stories"