By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Peoples Demoçratic Party has debunked claims in misleading documents being circulated by some mischievous individuals purporting that former Kano State Governor, Senator Kwankwaso and former Governor Babangida Aliyu of Niger state had been suspended from the party. The PDP stated clearly that Senator Kwankwaso is not suspended from the party adding that any claim of suspension by any individual or group, purporting to be representing any organ of our party at any level, is mere fabrication and should be discountenanced. The party stated this in a statement signed by the National Publicity Secretary, Kola Ologbondiyan released via it’s twitter handle. The PDP stressed that the provisions of the constitution of the PDP are very clear on the suspension of a member of the National Executive Committee (NEC), if and when such occasion arises, and cautioned those behind the misleading claims to desist henceforth. The PDP strongly cautioned that it will not accept such reckless adventure by such misguided individuals, which its notes, is capable of destabilizing our party and bringing it to public disrepute. Similarly, the PDP stated that the former Niger state governor, Dr. Babangida Aliyu, has not been suspended by the party as mischievously published in certain quarters. Our party frowned at such fabrications aimed at subverting the stability of our party and trigger disagreements and suspicions within our ranks. The PDP urged our leaders and teeming members in Kano and Niger states to be at alert, resist distractions and continue to work together as Nigerians earnestly look up to the PDP for solution and direction at this critical time. The Peoples Democratic Party has dismissed claims that federal lawmakers from Ebonyi state have been suspended. The party made the declaration on a Twitter post. The post read: "The @OfficialPDPNig dismisses misleading publications suggesting that some key leaders in Ebonyi state, including former Governor of Ebonyi state, Senator Sam Egwu… In "Politics" The Aminu Wali faction of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Kano has expelled ex-governor of the state, Rabiu Kwankwaso from the party for alleged anti-party activities. PDP’s new Chairman, Muhammina Lamido, announced this during a press conference on Thursday after holding a state congress meeting in Kano. Speaking on the… In "Politics" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The National Secretary of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Alhaji Mai Mala Buni has said that the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has refused to learn from its past mistakes that brought the party to ruins. He identified the PDP’s penchant for impunity, non-adherence to due… In "Politics"