The Chief of Air Staff, Air Marshal Oladayo Amao, on Thursday visited Borno State after a Nigerian Air Force (NAF) Alpha-Jet went missing in the North-Eastern State. Air Marshal Amao, who arrived in the state barely a day after the incident occurred on Wednesday evening, was briefed on ongoing search and rescue efforts in connection with the missing aircraft. He appealed to NAF pilots, engineers, and technicians on the ground to remain undeterred and resolute in their commitment to ensuring that peace was returned to the North East. NAF Director of Public Relations and Information, Air Commodore Edward Gabkwet, share some pictures of the air chief’s visit on social media. See the tweets below: The CAS, Air Marshal Oladayo Amao, @CAS_IOAmao, arrived Maiduguri this morning and was briefed on ongoing search and rescue efforts in connection with the missing Alpha Jet aircraft. pic.twitter.com/3GtjX4lZIs — Air Commodore Edward Gabkwet (@Ek_Gabkwet) April 1, 2021 He also urged pilots, engineers & technicians to remain undeterred & resolute in their commitment to ensuring that peace returns to the North East. — Air Commodore Edward Gabkwet (@Ek_Gabkwet) April 1, 2021 Recalled that the NAF jet went missing after it lost contact with radar while on an interdiction mission in support of ground troops fighting insurgency in the state. The mission was said to be part of the ongoing counter-insurgency operations in the North East where insurgents have carried out series of attacks, killing thousands and displacing millions of civilians in over 10 years. Source: https://www.nationalaccordnewspaper.com/ ABUJA - Nigerian Air Force authorities said on Thursday morning that a fighter jet had disappeared while on interdiction mission in the fight against Boko Haram insurgency in North East Nigeria. The spokesperson for the Nigerian Air Force, Air Commodore Edward Gabkwet, disclosed this in the early hours of Thursday.… In "Top Stories" The military has alerted the neighbouring countries to the missing NAF aircraft, even as there is anxiety over what could have been responsible for the plane’s disappearance. According to military sources, the search-and-rescue team “is not ruling out extending their search beyond our border,” but that would be after combing… In "News" The tranquility that characterises Nassau Village in the Federal Capital Territory, Abuja, was on Sunday disturbed when a jet belonging to the Nigerian Air Force crash landed in the area. Noise from aircraft is not strange to residents of the village, being one of the settlements that bordered the Nnamdi… In "Features"