A petition has been filed against the former Deputy Governor, Agboola Ajayi by the Ondo state government for failing to return his official vehicles.  In the petition to the Nigerian police, Ajayi was accused of unlawfully being in possession of a Land Cruiser SUV, New Toyota Hilux, New Toyota Hilux and Toyota Hilux. Senior Special Assistant to Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu on Special Duties and Strategy, Dr. Doyin Odebowale who signed the petition, said he has been mandated to recover all government properties still in the possession of former political office holders in the state, especially those who served in the immediate past administration. Odebowale also alleged that the former deputy Governor refused to return the vehicle despite all entreaties. The petition read; “We lodge this complaint believing that you will use your good offices to look into this brazen act of conversion, and this is being charitable. “Any person who keeps/detains the property of another with the intent to deprive the owner, permanently, of the usufruct right conferred therefrom, has committed an offence known in law as STEALING. “This office undertakes to assist the Command with regard to the necessary logistics to recover the converted properties.”  Source The Ondo State Government has asked immediate past Deputy Governor of Ondo State, Hon Agboola Ajayi, to return official vehicles in his possession. Agboola who served in the first term of Governor Akeredolu contested under the platform of the Zenith Labour Party but lost the election. He was said to… In "News" Governor Rotimi Akeredolu of Ondo state, has terminated the appointments of the aides attached to Agboola Ajayi, his deputy. This comes after Akeredolu approved the sack of Allen Sowore, spokesman of Ajayi. Recall that Akeredolu and Ajayi have been having a running battle which finally led to the resignation of… In "Politics" No doubt, today’s governorship election in Ondo State is a fierce battle to be fought by three political titans in the state and the outcome of the election will determine the strength of each of the three contestants. No fewer than 15 political parties had initially shown interest in the… In "Politics"