The Inspector-General of Police, Mohammed Adamu has accused the Eastern Security Network of carrying out attacks against police and correctional centre in Imo state on Monday.  ESN is Indigenous People of Biafra’s security arm. The IGP stated this in a statement signed by Force Public Relations Officer, Frank Mba. “Preliminary investigations have revealed that the attackers, who came in their numbers with sophisticated weapons such as General Purpose Machine Guns (GPMGs), Sub-Machine Guns (SMGs), AK49 rifles, Rocket Propelled Grenades (RPGs), Improvised Explosive Devices (IEDs), are members of the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB)/Eastern Security Network (ESN). The attempt by the attackers to gain access to the Police armoury at the Headquarters was totally and appropriately resisted by Police operatives on duty who repelled the attackers and prevented them from breaking-in and looting the armoury. The armoury is thus intact! Similarly, the police suffered no human casualty, apart from a police Constable who sustained a minor bullet wound on his shoulder,” the statement partly read. Details later…  Source The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has denied that its outfit, the Eastern Security Network (ESN) attacked the Imo State police headquarters and the Correctional Centre in Owerri on Monday as well as the killing of the 4 northern traders in Umuaka, Orlu. In a statement by the media and… In "News" The proscribed Indigenious People of Biafra (IPOB) has denied responsibility for Monday’s attacks on Imo Police Headquarters and Correctional Centre where over 2,000 inmates were freed. Its Media and Publicity Secretary Emma Powerful said the attacks were not carried out by operatives of Eastern Security Network (ESN). He said: “The… In "News" THE Indigenous People of Biafra said on Monday that there was enough money to fund its security arm known as the Eastern Security Network. The group’s Media and Publicity Secretary, Emma Powerful, stated this in a press statement, adding that ESN was funded by IPOB members resident in 120 countries.… In "News"