A mistake by a Nigerian Air Force (NAF) fighter jet on a mission against Boko Haram insurgents in Mainok, headquarters of the Kaga Local Government Area of Borno State has led to the tragic death of 20 soldiers of the Nigerian Army on Sunday, according to military sources. The Air Force jet was said to have bombed an armoured tank conveying the soldiers, killing many in the process. The soldiers who were reinforced from Ngandu village were said to be on their way to Mainok, a town that has been under attack by terrorists from the Islamic State of West Africa Province (ISWAP), a breakaway faction of Boko Haram formerly known as Jamā’at Ahl as-Sunnah lid-Da’wah wa’l-Jihād. The terrorists had on Sunday, attacked a Nigerian Army location at 156 Battalion in the community, killing over 30 soldiers. The terrorists who came in no fewer than 15 gun trucks also burnt down the military base. A source told SaharaReporters that a reinforcement team of the Nigerian Army sent to the community was mistakenly bombed by an Air Force fighter jet. “The Boko Haram terrorists disguised in military uniform and gained access to the camp. They came in different groups and could not be counted. The Nigerian Army were pinned down, they requested for reinforcement, the reinforcement got on their way only to get smoked by the Nigerian Airforce,” the source told the online medium. “The (reinforcement team) was coming from Ngandu and were killed by an airstrike. The Air Force mistook them for Boko Haram as both were cladded in similar military uniform and operational vehicles.” Villagers in the past have reported some civilian casualties in almost daily bombardments in North Eastern Nigeria. Recently, a military jet that came to repel an attack by Boko Haram dropped a bomb that landed in a compound where civilians were holding a naming ceremony. (SaharaReporters) •Boko Haram terrorists Nigerian Military has recorded casualties after an attack by ISWAP/Boko Haram terrorists in Mainok community in Borno State. PRNigeria could not confirm when the casualty was recorded after it had early reported that the troops of the Nigerian military in Nigerian Air Force (NAF) attack jets, on… In "Security" Some top officers of the Nigerian army have been declared wanted. According to Peoples Gazette, three majors, three captains and six lieutenants were among those declared wanted for fleeing the insurgents last month in Borno The Nigerian Army has ordered the immediate arrest of officers accused of deserting their posts… In "News" ABUJA - Boko Haram terrorists have killed 53 soldiers and farmers in three days of attacks in Nigeria’s troubled northeast region.The Islamic State West Africa Province (ISWAP), a Boko Haram splinter group, killed at least 44 soldiers in attacks on three military bases at the weekend, security sources told AFP… In "Top Stories"