A solidarity rally has been held for the embattled minister of communications and digital economy, Isa Pantami.  The rally was held by a group of persons who identified themselves as members of an unknown group called the “forum of bishops and clergy council society of Nigeria”. In the past weeks, there have been calls for President Muhammadu Buhari to sack Pantami over his past views supporting Al-Qaeda and the Taliban. The calls for Pantami’s sack came after some videos from the 2000s resurfaced in the public space wherein the minister was seen supporting Al-Qaeda and the Taliban. But the minister said he has recanted his past views on the terror groups, saying his position at the time was based on his understanding as a young person. Amid the heightened calls for the sack of Pantami, pictures showing the group holding a solidarity march for the minister appeared on social media, on Tuesday. In the now-viral pictures, the unknown group was seen with a large banner with the inscription: “Solidarity & Peace Rally in Support of President Muhammadu Buhari ICT Reform: Vote of Confidence on Dr. Ali Isa Pantami”. Some members of the group were also seen carrying placards with inscriptions such as “Continue with your Good Work, Mr. President”, “Our Unity is above Religion, Politics, and Tribe”, “Vote of Confidence on Dr. Isa Pantami”, “Nigeria First”, “The Unity of Nigeria is Mon-negotiable” and “Dr. Isa Pantami Vindicated at Last”. The solidarity rally was said to have been held in the federal capital territory (FCT).  Source Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Ahmad Gumi, prominent Islamic cleric, says the nation will regret it if Isa Pantami, minister of communications and digital economy, is removed from office. Many Nigerians and groups have been asking President Muhammadu Buhari to sack Pantami after videos from the 2000s resurfaced wherein the minister… In "Top Stories" The Department of State Security, DSS has been urged to weild into the controversy surrounding the Minister of Communication and Digital Economy, Sheikh Isa Pantami. A civil society group, Concerned Nigerians, on Monday, urged DSS to recommend Pantami's sack to President Muhammadu Buhari. The recent public outcry against Pantami’s alleged… In "News" A former Minister of Education, Oby Ezekwesili, has accused Nigeria's President Muhammadu Buhari of supporting terrorism. Thiis comes after the Presidency defended the Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Isa Pantami, over statements he made in the past supporting terrorist groups like Taliban and Al-Qaeda. Buhari, through his Special Adviser… In "News"