Gani Adams, Aareonakakanfo of Yorubaland, has described the death of Yinka Odumakin, publicity secretary of the pan-Yoruba socio cultural group, Afenifere, early hours of today as one death too many, saying Yoruba has lost a gem, who, according to him was a dependable ally. Adams, who received the news of the late Odumakin’s death with shock and trepidations, aaid the death of the late Odumakin was a big loss to the Yoruba nation, adding that death had dealt the Yoruba nation a big blow, leaving in its wake, sad memories of the loss of a brother, a friend and dependable ally. While mourning his friend of many years, Adams, in a statement by Kehinde Aderemi, his special assistant on Media, described the late Odumakin as a true Yoruba son, a committed fellow, and the voice of the people, especially, the downtrodden.“We’ll all miss his voice. We’ll miss his commitment, we’ll miss is bravery because the late Yinka Odumakin’s fearless image loomed larger than what we can easily forget in a hurry” “He was a phenomenon that spoke truth to power. He cut a picture of an all-rounder, a media personage, an analyst and public commentator that had warmed himself to the hearts of many people”“His exit had left a big vacuum in the social and political milieu and Nigerians will always remember him for who he was because in his life, the late Odumakin was truly one of the few gifted soul of our race”. The extent of the shocking news for me has been inexplicable. It will take a very long time for me to accept the realities of his death”. “We are in the struggle together, we shared so many memories together and I was very close to the family, so for me, it was a personal loss and I wish my sister, his wife, Dr. Joe Okei-Odumakin and the deceased relatives well, especially at this trying moments”. “For the Yoruba nation, and Afenifere as a whole, Odumakin’s imprints will always be in the book of history, but as much as his death was so rude and shocking, we are consoled that the man died, though, very young, he will be remembered for his invaluable contributions to the development of Nigeria and the Yoruba nation in particular.” Source: Realnews •Yinka Odumakin IBADAN (Sundiata Post) - Governor 'Seyi Makinde of Oyo State has described the death of the national publicity decretary of the pan-Yoruba socio-political organisation, Afenifere, Mr. Yinka Odumakin, as a personal loss of a good brother, and a great loss to the Yoruba race.Makinde, who stated that the… In "Top Stories" President Muhammadu Buhari has described the late spokesman of Afenifere, Yinka Odumakin, as a man of conviction. This was contained in a statement by his Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Femi Adesina. The statement titled: ‘President Buhari mourns Afenifere spokesman, Yinka Odumakin’, reads: “President Muhammadu Buhari condoles with the… In "News" •Yinka Odumakin The full statement reads: ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - A former minister of aviation, Chief Femi Fani-Kayode, has paid tribute to Chief Yinka Odumakin, spokesman of Yoruba sociology group, Afenifere, who died on Saturday.The former minister in a statement he sent to Sundiata Post on Saturday described the late… In "Top Stories"