The Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) of the Central Bank of Nigeria on Tuesday urged the Federal Government not to consider another round of lockdown.  CBN Governor Godwin Emefiele made this known in Abuja at the end of the first MPC meeting in 2021. The CBN governor said the Bank will work with the fiscal authorities to revamp the economy by collaborating on policy implementation. Emefiele also disclosed that the CBN has secured approval from President Muhammadu Buhari to restructure the Nigeria Commodity Exchange. The CBN governor said the Bank can no longer sit back and watch unscrupulous commodity merchants hoard commodities and force the prices of commodities to be high. According to Emefiele, the CBN owns 60 percent of the Nigeria Commodity Exchange and it will take charge of running the exchange to international standard At the end of the meeting, Godwin Emefiele, announced that the committee unanimously agreed to retain the current monetary policy stance by leaving Monetary Policy Rate (MPR) at 11.5 percent and retain the Cash Reserves Ratio at 27.5 per cent. Also retained are the Liquidity Ratio which was left at 30 per cent; and the Asymmetric corridor which was left at +100 and -700 basis points around the MPR. Details shortly… Source Mohamed El-Erian, who served as chair of President Obama’s Global Development Council in his book: “The Only Game in Town: Central Banks, Instability, and Avoiding the Next Collapse,” highlighted challenges that confront central banks globally. In our local experience, it will be wrong if we fail to acknowledge the critically… April 4, 2019 Similar post LAGOS (Sundiata Post) - The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has raised the benchmark interest rate from 11 to 12 percent. The apex bank also raised the cash reserve ratio (CRR) for commercial banks to 22.5 percent from 20 per cent and it held the liquidity ratio at 30 per… March 22, 2016 In "News" By Nse Anthony-Uko (Sundiata Post) – For the second time this year, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) on Thursday cancelled the Monetary Policy Committee (MPC), meeting earlier scheduled to hold between March 19 and 20, 2018. The cancellation is due to the inability to form a quorum as a… March 16, 2018 In "Business"