Dr. Rachel Levine, the Pennsylvania Health Secretary has been named by the U.S President-elect Joe Biden to be his assistant secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS).  This move is set to make her the first openly transgender federal official to be confirmed by the U.S. Senate. “Dr. Rachel Levine will bring the steady leadership and essential expertise we need to get people through this pandemic — no matter their zip code, race, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability — and meet the public health needs of our country in this critical moment and beyond,” Biden said in a statement. “She is a historic and deeply qualified choice to help lead our administration’s health efforts.” Dr. Levine is a physician and professor of paediatrics and psychology at the Penn State College of Medicine. A graduate of Harvard and of Tulane Medical School, Levine is also the president of the Association of State and Territorial Health Officials. Additionally, she is a public speaker and author on several issues, including the opioid crisis, medical marijuana, adolescent medicine, eating disorders and LGBTQ medicine, The Hill reported. Joe Biden’s administration is set to become the most inclusive administration in U.S history, as as he has tapped LGBTQ appointees for several key roles. In November 2020, Karine Jean-Pierre, an out lesbian and chief of staff for Vice President-elect Kamala Harris, was announced as deputy press secretary, and Pili Tobar, an immigration rights advocate and former aide to Sen. Chuck Schumer, was named deputy White House communications director. Tobar, a lesbian, also worked as a communications director for the Biden campaign. Also in November, Carlos Elizondo, who is gay and was Biden’s social secretary when Biden was vice president, was named White House social secretary. Source President-elect Joe Biden is calling for access to the Trump administration's COVID-19 vaccine distribution plan, saying "more people may die" if there's no coordination with his transition team. During an address on Monday, Biden celebrated the "great news" that COVID-19 vaccines from Moderna and Pfizer appear to be more than… November 17, 2020 In "Foreign" Washington (USA) - President Muhammadu Buhari on Sunday arrived Washington DC on 4-day official visit to United States where he would discuss bilateral issues with President Barrack Obama and other government officials. The president, who arrived Joint Based Andrews Airport Washington, was received by the Assistant Secretary of State for… July 20, 2015 In "News" By Harrison Arubu New York -Democrats on Tuesday night officially nominated former Vice President, Mr Joe Biden, to face incumbent President Donald Trump in the Nov. 3 U.S. presidential election. Biden’s nomination came on the second night of the party’s virtual National Convention under the theme, “Leadership Matters”. His emergence… August 19, 2020 In "Foreign"