Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola said the wealth of experience he has gained from previous coaching stints has better equipped him for the top job at City and he might stay in management longer than he had anticipated.  The 49-year-old Spaniard’s current five-year stay at City is his longest spell in charge of a club since he began his managerial career in 2008. Guardiola managed Barcelona from 2008 to 2012 and spent three years in charge of Bayern Munich before joining City, who he has guided to two Premier League titles, three League Cups and an FA Cup since his arrival in 2016. “Of course I am better now, definitely. Experience helps you – especially the way I live my profession,” Guardiola, who signed a new two-year contract in November, told the City website. “Before I thought I would retire soon, now maybe I am thinking I might retire older. 50 already, it is a nice age!” City are eighth in the Premier League with 26 points, seven adrift of leaders Liverpool but with two games in hand. They visit sixth-placed Chelsea later on Sunday.  NAN England (UK) -  Manchester City’s coach, Pep Guardiola, has committed himself to the club until the summer of 2021, the club said via its website on Thursday. “City are delighted to announce that Pep Guardiola has signed a contract extension that will see him remain as manager until the end… May 17, 2018 In "Sports" The Spanish boss does not wish to lose the Germany winger but says that the situation could change if the 23-year-old tells him he wants out.   Manchester City head coach Pep Guardiola has insisted that he wants Leroy Sane to remain at the Etihad Stadium but claims he would talk… August 2, 2019 In "Sports" Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola has urged English players to go out of their comfort zones and play in foreign countries during their careers. England have not had a non-UK based player in a squad for a major tournament since David Beckham and Owen Hargreaves at the 2006 World Cup.… March 12, 2018 In "Sports"