As many as 21 suspected Internet fraudsters have been arrested in lagos.  They were arrested on Wednesday by officials of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, Lagos Zonal Office, for alleged involvement in fraud. The suspects, who were said to be members of an organised cybercrime syndicate, were apprehended during an early morning operation at Roxbury Leisure Homes Phase 2, Lekki-Epe Expressway, Ikota, Lagos. A statement on Thursday by the Head of Media and Publicity, EFCC, Mr Wilson Uwujaren, identified the suspects as Shittu Yakubu, Akinsola Afeez, Adeniyi Joseph, Opeyemi Wahab, Idris Sunday, Lawal Moshood, Jubril Yusuf, Olusegun Mohammed, Adekunle Adesanya and Damilola Abijide. Others are Sola Adio, Oladipo Ademola, Damilola Adewale, Akinsola Ridwan, Ogunlaye Damilare, Falaye Peters, Magnus Toni, Onanuga Ahmed, Bolarinwa Segun, Onanuga Olawale and Ayomide Afeez. The commission pointed out that the suspects had allegedly been defrauding unsuspecting members of the public of their hard-earned money before they were arrested. “Items recovered from the suspects at the point of arrest were 12 vehicles, mobile phones and laptop computers. They will be charged to court as soon as investigations are concluded,” the statement added. Source By David Adeoye Ibadan - Operatives of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) on Friday morning nabbed 19 suspected internet fraudsters in Ologuneru and Akobo areas of Ibadan, Oyo State. Tony Orilade, the commission’s acting Head, Media and Publicity made this known in Ibadan. According to him, 15 of… February 1, 2019 In "News" The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, Lagos Zonal Office, has arrested Frank Chinedu, suspected to be the proprietor of a ‘Yahoo Yahoo’ training school in Lagos. EFCC spokesman, Tony Orilade, made the announcement in a statement on Tuesday. Chinedu, 22, was arrested alongside eight students of the unnamed training… May 28, 2019 In "News" The Ibadan Zonal Office of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, on Wednesday, January 29, 2020, arrested a 33-year-old landlord, Stanley Ejike Awam and 10 of his tenants, who are suspected to be internet fraudsters hibernating in his house. Awam was apprehended for allegedly providing shelter for the suspected… January 30, 2020 In "News"