Indeed there was a country… and there was also the Biafra Football Club. In the dying  months of the breakaway Republic of Biafra, a group of idealistic young football lovers gathered together in Valls, Barcelona (Spain) to honour the heroic struggle of The Biafrans . They created a symbolic pennant and founded the Biafra Football club in order to draw world attention to the plight of Biafra, using one of the most potent methods known to humanity…Football. CF Biafra had about a hundred players from Reus to Pla, from Nulles to Tarragona they settled in El Vilar, within the federated amateur league and rode all the way to the Third Regional League. Half a century later, the golden anniversary of the Biafra football club was celebrated. Though now extinct, Biafra , to those idealistic young men, was a mirror for their own struggles . In their perception, their own region of Catalunya  ( Catalonia) was going through the same situation at the hands of the Spanish government as Biafra was experiencing, at the hands of the Nigerian government. They found a common bond and affinity with the Biafra struggle through the formation of the Biafra football club in Valls. The club existed until 1978 when its activities were truncated by lack of economic resources. An exhibition on the history of the Biafra Football Club was held at the Patio de Sant  Roc in June 2007.A delegation from CF Biafra in Barcelona led by Ramon Rovira & Oscar Gasso visited Dim Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu in Enugu to present to him the official jersey and album of the history of CF Biafra.  When the Biafra Hero died, a delegation  of CF Biafra also flew into Nigeria and participated fully in the funeral rites of Dim Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu in 2012. When they were leaving, they took a stone from Biafra land which they merged onto the commemorative plaque, twinning the Land of the Rising Sun with Valls forever. On December 29th 2020, This copper plaque was installed on the ground of the square where all the CF Biafra football players met in 1969. It was unveiled by the Mayor of Valls, Dolors Farre , the Administrator of Sports, Enric Garcia in the presence of regional municipal officers, politicians, surviving CF Biafra players and some members of the Igbo community . To Ramon Rovira of FC Biafra; Biafra Friendship Club…..We,  people of the Land of the Rising Sun salute and thank you for all you have been doing to preserve our collective legacy and our sacred memories . May your own shadow never grow dim. Kindly Share. We must take up the challenge to disseminate our own history and our own narratives. Any race oblivious of its own history is itself destined to oblivion. We Remember! Courtesy: BiafraMemories, Bruce Mayrock Memorial Project.Bianca Odumegwu Ojukwu31 Dec. 2020 Fourteen different pro-Biafra groups have teamed up to mark this year’s May 30 Biafra Day celebration and would honour some nations and organisations which they said have remained friendly to the Biafra course. This was disclosed by the leader of the Movement for the Actualisation of the Sovereign State of… May 14, 2019 In "Top Stories" It has been 53 years since the Nigerian civil war broke out, but the memories of it are still fresh in the minds of many. The late Odumegwu Ojukwu declared the then eastern region an independent state of the Republic of Biafra, a move that ultimately resulted in bloodletting, hunger… May 30, 2020 In "News" CHIDO ONUMAH is a well known journalist, blogger and activist. Currently a doctoral candidate, he has unveiled two books previously and the third book to be launched on Tuesday (tomorrow) in Abuja, is entitled ‘We Are All Biafrans’. He spoke to Sundiata Post’s FELIX UGBOJA on how Nigeria’s structural… May 30, 2016 In "Interview"