BBNaija housemate, Tacha has blasted online trolls.  According to the reality star, cyberbullies who constantly troll people online are typing and paying tribute to digital strategist Dele who committed suicide after battling depression for 7 years. She said it wouldn’t take these set of people till tomorrow morning to start wishing people they don’t like death. “Can’t believe cyber bullies and Trolls are typing RIP DELE. But It won’t even take till tomorrow morning and your clown asses will be in comment sections wishing people you don’t like death!! Be kind with your words!!! Depression is REAL.” She wrote. Tacha added that 2020 was a tough year for everyone but that people lose their sense of reasoning all because of Big Brother Naija show. “We went through a tough 2020! It’s alarming how lessons weren’t learnt.. You turn to real life Devils to prove how much you hate, you lose your sense of reasoning, you lose your conscience! All for a SHOW?!” Tacha also asked social media trolls and BBNaija fans how much they were paid to be inhuman while praying that nemesis catch up with people who hate and troll celebrities online. “Tell me, How much do you get paid to be this inhuman?? I’ll double it.You go around wishing death on people, people struggling through life, People bottling themselves up! People only trying to survive, people who just wants a better life for themselves! all for a SHOW! A show you don’t make coins from!May NEMESES CATCH UP WITH YOU!” Former big brother Naija housemate, Thelma Ibemere has shaded her fellow ex-housemate, Tacha. Thelma exposed Tacha saying she lied about selling out her products. Thelma also bragged about having 2 million in her account. According to the Imo state born reality star, you are not qualified to troll her if… June 16, 2020 In "Entertainment" Disqualified BBNaija star, Tacha has revealed that she doesn’t know her current relationship status with her boyfriend of 4 years.   The reality Tv star, was a guest at media personality, Toke Makinwa’s weekly vlog as they talked extensively about the lockdown, how they stay motivated, trolls and more.  … October 8, 2020 In "News" Nigerian actress, Eniola Badmus has cried out begging trolls to stop bullying her. The Nollywood star who is seriously exercising to lose weight has become constant pick for online bullies who are always bodyshaming her. Having had enough, the actress in a series of post shared on her Instagram page… December 9, 2020 In "News"