Some Nigerian soldiers have died a painful death after being ambushed by terrorists in Yobe.  At least thirteen soldiers died in an ambush by jihadist fighters from the Islamic State West Africa Province group in volatile northeastern Nigeria, two army sources told AFP on Monday. Heavy gunfire and rocket-propelled grenades hit a military convoy in Gazagana village, 30 kilometres from Yobe state capital Damaturu on Saturday. “We lost 13 soldiers in this ambush, and several were injured,” an officer said. The convoy was headed for a military base at Buni Yadi, another 20 kilometres from Damaturu, said the second army source, who gave the same death toll. “It was a fierce battle, and the terrorists also suffered casualties,” he said, without giving a figure. The ISWAP group carries out regular attacks in Buni Yadi region on soldiers and travellers, with the violence spilling over into Borno state. Since 2009, the jihadist campaign in northeast Nigeria has focused on Borno where the Boko Haram group is also active. ISWAP split from Boko Haram in 2016 and rose to become a dominant group. The violence has spread into neighbouring Niger, Chad and Cameroon, prompting a regional military coalition to fight the militants. At least 36,000 people have been killed in the conflict, which has displaced about two million from their homes since 2009. Source By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post)  - Nigerian Army have confirmed how Boko Haram killed  thirteen soldiers and a police officer in Yobe State in two successive attacks. According to the military, the insurgents lunched attacks on a military formation and an ambush on the Maiduguri/Damaturu high way at about… December 26, 2018 In "Top Stories" •Gallant Nigerian troops engaged in the war against Boko Haram MAIDUGURI - A Nigerian Army officer and seven soldiers have been killed in a fierce battle against Boko Haram terrorists in Mainok, 60 kilometres from Maiduguri, Borno State, North-East Nigeria. PRNigeria gathered from security sources that the deadly encounter which… January 23, 2020 In "News" ABUJA -   Boko Haram jihadists overran a military base in northeast Nigeria after a ferocious firefight, military and vigilante sources said Sunday, the second assault on the country’s forces in two days. The militants on Saturday evening invaded a base holding hundreds of soldiers in Yobe state — where… July 15, 2018 In "Top Stories"