By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  Former Minister of Aviation, Femi Fani-Kayode has hailed the 12,800 Nigerian who voted for him to emerge the winner of the “most consistent opposition voice in Nigeria” since Buhari took over power on 2015 organised by Vanguard Newspapers. Fani-Kayode who took to his twitter handle to express his gratitude, said the award will encourage him and the other 9 individuals and organisations that were listed from 2nd position to the 10th and who have also been unrelenting in their criticisms and opposition to the Buhari administration to fight all the more against the evil and injustice in Nigeria. “Without the love and the support of the people and the media, we could not have done all that we did or achieved all that we have achieved over the last 5 years. It has been a long lonely road but it is one that we have no choice but to take”, he added. Fani-Kayode who declared that his battle cry is “victory or death!” tweeted thus: I thank the 12,800 Nigerians that voted for me as the “most consistent opposition voice in Nigeria” since Buhari took over power on 2015. I also thank @vanguardngrnews for conducting such an interesting and comprehensive poll across the 6 geo-political zones of our country. This will encourage me and the other 9 individuals and organisations that were listed from 2nd position to the 10th and who have also been unrelenting in their criticisms and opposition to the Buhari administration to fight all the more against the evil and injustice in our land. Without the love and the support of the people and the media, we could not have done all that we did or achieved all that we have achieved over the last 5 years. It has been a long lonely road but it is one that we have no choice but to take. Thanks again. Meanwhile the struggle continues and my battle cry is “victory or death!” ABUJA (Sundiata Post) –  The Director of Media and Publicity of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Presidential Campaign Organisation, Chief Femi Fani-Kayode, has faulted a syndicated media report, which indicated that the Minister of Defence, General Aliyu Gusau said that General Muhammadu Buhari passed his Cambridge/WASCE examination in 1961 and… January 26, 2015 In "News" The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Presidential Campaign Organisation on Sunday put to task the presidential candidate of the All Progressive Congress (APC), Gen. Muhammed Buhari  saying he must explain the dark sides of his activities during the civil war. Addressing journalists in Umuahia, Abia State capital the Director of Media… March 9, 2015 In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The All Progressives Congress Presidential Campaign Organisation (APCPCO) has said that it prefers not to respond to the provocations of the Director of Media and Publicity of the PDP presidential campaign, Mr. Femi Fani-Kayode, but rather engage him on issues that have the potential to bring… January 22, 2015 In "News"