Alhaji Saliu Abdulkadir, the Seriki Fulani of Oyo State, on Saturday said none of his children was killed in the alleged attack by youths on his Igangan settlement, SaharaReporters reports.  SaharaReporters also learnt on Saturday evening that the attack on the Seriki’s house happened shortly after a pro-Oodua Republic agitator, Sunday Igboho, and his men left Igangan. The Seriki however told SaharaReporters that his children and first wife sustained gunshot injuries and were responding to treatment at an undisclosed hospital. Meanwhile, the Chairman of the state chapter of Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders of Nigeria, Alhaji Ibrahim Jiji, on Saturday urged the Governor of Oyo State, Seyi Makinde, to work his talk by ensuring that Igboho is arrested. The Fulani leader said Makinde should consider Fulani people as his children, saying Yoruba people are doing well in other part of the country and are not being intimidated. According to him, many Fulani people in the North are now afraid to visit the southwest states for fear of being attacked. “We want government to arrest Igboho now. He is not more powerful than the whole country. We want Makinde to consider us as part of his children. We also voted for him in 2019 and we want him to extend his hand of fellowship to us. “Many of the affected people cannot recognise their family roots in the North again. In fact, many of them have not gone to their villages before. We are ready to work with Oyo State government to maintain peace and order,” he said. Igboho had given Fulani people in the Ibaraba area a seven-day ultimatum to leave the area owing to the worsening insecurity there, which has been blamed on Fulani herdsmen. The attack on the leader of the Fulani community in the state came after the ultimatum. Source Violence erupted in Igangan in the Ibarapa North Local Government Area of Oyo State on Friday when a popular Yoruba activist, Chief Sunday Adeyemo, also known as Sunday Igboho, reportedly stormed the Fulani settlement in the town to eject the Seriki Fulani, Salihu Abdukadir, and some other herdsmen accused of… January 23, 2021 In "News" Chief Sunday Adeyemo, the activist who is popularly known as Sunday Igboho, has spoken on why he gave a quit order to killer herdsmen in the Ibarapa area of Oke Ogun, Oyo State, in this interview with a popular broadcaster, Kola Olootu. WALE OYEWALE, who monitored the interview online, brings… January 24, 2021 In "News" The Inspector-General of Police, Mohammed Adamu, has ordered the arrest of Sunday Adeyemo aka Sunday Igboho, over an eviction order on Fulanis in Oyo State. The Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu, confirmed this in an interview with BBC Hausa. He told BBC Hausa… January 23, 2021 In "News"