Angry American celebrities have asked their president, Donald Trump to be impeached.  They took to their social media platform to call for the impeachment of Donald Trump over the violent siege of the Capitol by the president’s supporters. The riot was incited by comments made by Trump at a rally earlier that day. The invasion disrupted a joint session of Congress who were counting the vote of the Electoral College to certify Joe Biden’s victory in the 2020 presidential election. Taking to her Twitter account, famous American singer, Lady Gaga, called for Trump’s impeachment. She tweeted, “I hope we focus to impeach Trump so Congress has the constitutional authority to possibly disqualify him from future election—the #25thAmendment doesn’t disqualify him. He incited domestic terror—how much more violence needs to happen? This is terrorism.” Stevie Wonder posted, “It is time for the leaders of this country to invoke the 25th Amendment. Isn’t it obvious? Today has made me sad with disbelief with what is happening in my country, a country that has inspired my songs of hope and love.” Actor Jon Cryer simply tweeted, “Impeach him. Remove him. Arrest him. Try him.” Multiple award-winning singer, John Legend wrote, “Thank you to the House of Representatives for doing your constitutional duty. Everyone please call your senators and tell them to remove this evil man from office.” Also, American filmmaker Ava DuVernay tweeted, “We are dressed and ready for the #ImpeachmentParty. What are you wearing?” Source Washington — Embattled President Donald Trump Thursday promised to institute an orderly transition process to inaugurate President-elect Joe Biden.This was after Vice President Mike Pence announced that President-elect Joe Biden had won the presidency after Congress completed the counting of the Electoral College votes. What was largely seen as a… January 7, 2021 In "Foreign" The impeachment investigation into Donald Trump has entered a new phase as the House Judiciary Committee begins hearings into Mr Donald Trump’s conduct. The public testimony by four experts on constitutional law comes one day after the House Intelligence Committee laid out the case for removing Mr Trump. The intelligence… December 4, 2019 In "Foreign" By Ken Bredemeier •President Donald Trump speaks during a campaign rally at Kellogg Arena, Dec. 18, 2019, in Battle Creek, Mich U.S. President Donald Trump was impeached by the House of Representatives Wednesday night, accused of abusing the power of the presidency to benefit himself politically and then obstructing congressional… December 19, 2019 In "Foreign"