Site of the blast which falls under the Barrackpore Police Commissionerate limits left locals wondering what led to the massive blast. Five women were killed in war-torn Yemen when a projectile exploded at a wedding held on New Year’s Day in the Red Sea port city of Hodeida, officials said Saturday. The government and Huthi rebel forces blamed each other for the Friday night bombing of the hall near Hodeida’s airport, a frontline between the warring sides on the edge of the Huthi-held town. It came just two days after at least 26 people were killed in blasts that rocked the airport of the southern city of Aden as government ministers got off a plane. General Sadek Douid, the government representative in a UN-sponsored joint commission overseeing a truce, condemned the Hodeida blast, which also left seven wounded, as “an odious crime committed by the Huthis against civilians”. Hodeida’s Huthi-appointed governor, Mohammed Ayache, said on Al-Masirah television, which is run by the Shiite Muslim rebels, that “the forces of aggression never hesitate to blame others for their crimes”. Saudi-backed government forces launched an offensive in June 2018 to retake Hodeida, the main entry point for humanitarian aid to poverty-stricken Yemen. But a ceasefire has been partially observed since December of the same year. Channels TV Abuja (Sundiata Post) - At least 22 people have been killed and more than 50 wounded in an attack at the airport in the southern Yemeni city of Aden, Government officials say.According to reports coming out from Yemen, there was at least one explosion shortly after a plane carrying the… December 31, 2020 In "Top Stories" It has been reported that a suicide bomber has killed more than 60 people and wounded scores, including women and children, as they celebrated a wedding in the Afghan capital. Authorities made this revelation on Sunday. According to them, this is the deadliest attack in Kabul in recent months. According… August 18, 2019 In "Foreign" Yemen - The death toll in a suicide bombing at a local militia compound in the southern Yemen city of Aden has risen to at least 45, Doctors without Borders, Medicins Sans Frontieres (MSF) said on Monday. A spokesperson for the group said that at least 60 other wounded people… August 29, 2016 In "Foreign"