….Charges Nigerians Not to Follow Such Examples By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has slammed President Muhammadu Buhari for  violation of  COVID-19 law, urging him and the APC to clean up the mess by tendering an unreserved apology to Nigerians. The party in a statement released via it’s official twitter handle expressed displeasure that President Buhari who ought to lead by example, is being reported of publicly violating the COVID-19 regulation, which he signed just five days ago. It hiwever urged Nigerians not to emulate such examples, but continue to exert themselves in observing all #COVID19 protocols placed to check the spread of the pandemic. The statement reads: The Peoples Democratic Party has expressed dismay over President Muhammadu Buhari’s reported violation of his own executive regulation on #COVID19 which provides for 6-months jail term for defaulters. The PDP asserts that it is a huge national embarrassment and gross failure of leadership that President Muhammadu Buhari, who ought to lead by example, is being reported of publicly violating the COVID-19 regulation, which he signed just five days ago. It is indeed scandalous that while Nigerians are striving to obey the COVID-19 regulation, which stipulates the compulsory wearing of nose mask and physical distancing in the public, they are being confronted with reports of open violation of the law by Mr. President at the All Progressives Congress membership revalidation exercise in his hometown, Daura, Katsina state on Saturday. The media is awash with reports and pictures of Mr. President in public, discussing with his party leaders at the event without putting on a nose mask or maintaining social distancing as stipulated by the new law. Such disregard to law and rules, which have characterized the Buhari Presidency and the APC, is largely responsible for the failure of leadership under the Buhari-led APC administration in the last five years. Moreover, this development has further shown that the Mohammadu Buhari Presidency and the APC are more interested in partisan politics than the health and wellbeing of our nation. We ask, with this violation, does the Buhari administration and its officials still have the rectitude to enforce sanctions on any other defaulter in the absence of necessary regrets by President Muhammadu Buhari and his party, the APC? In this regard the onus lies on President Buhari and the APC to clean up the mess by tendering an unreserved apology to Nigerians and take steps to observe necessary regrets over this violation. Furthermore, the PDP, as a law-abiding party, urges Nigerians not to emulate such examples, but continue to exert themselves in observing all #COVID19 protocols placed to check the spread of the pandemic in our country. 