KADUNA – Aisha Yakubu, the chief executive officer of Asher Kings & Queens Restaurant, demolished by the Kaduna State Government on allegation of hosting a sex party has denied the allegation.  In a statement issued on Saturday, Mrs Yakubu said she the allegation was strange to her, adding that she would not stoop so low to have anything to do with a sex party. The full statement reads: THE STORY OF ASHER KINGS AND QUEENS RESTAURANT… this is my story The Asher Kings and Queens Restaurant is 34 sitting-capacity- at -a -time restaurant, located at #75 Kachia Road, Sabon Tasha, Kaduna State, registered with the Corporate Affairs Commision, with with the registration number BN2463851 on 5th December 2016, under the COMPANIES AND ALLIED MATTERS ACT 1990 Food Production and Processing Services. The restaurant is a one-storey building structure, with a VIP Lounge section, where premium customers relax to watch football league games in a cozy environment, with all the comfort; airconditioners and light music. Whilst the ground floor is where the kitchen and serving spot is, also with chairs and tables for customers to sit and eat their food as required. We hire/rent the VIP section for light events, of not more than 26 customers. On the 27th December 2020, a customer hired the VIP Lounge for a 15-man reunion/clothing line promo, to appreciate his customers for their good patronage of his brands. Before the event proper commenced, a friend of mine and l noticed an unusual movement around the main gate to the restaurant,as it was half opened to avoid a crowded environment. We approached the main gate and on getting there I saw two truck load of heavily armed officers of the Nigeria Police Force (NPF). I asked the team leader what was going on but he ignored my question and said he will explain to me when we get to the Police Station, Sabon Tasha Division. When we arrived the Police station, my customer, who accompanied me to the station, enquired what the matter was and the Police showed us a poster on a GSM phone belonging to one of the officers by name Inspector Felix. It was a poster of an event titled; KADUNA SEX PARTY, which the Police claimed the venue for the supposed “sex party” was scheduled to hold at my restaurant, even though with no address of where it will take place on the poster.I denied knowledge of that event as there was nothing of that sort taking place at the restaurant and I wouldn’t stoop so low to entertain such illicit activity at my place, but the Police refused to believe me and had my friend and two of my staff detained for one night, one day, until the customer that had earlier hired the place for usage on that fateful day was also arrested the next day. They were released after paying a “bail fee” of #100,000 to Inspector Felix and one other lady Officer,fair in complexion. I noticed how incompetent the NPF were, i suggested to the them to call the number on the supppsed “Kaduna Sex Party” poster, which they immediately put a call through and a name came out using the True Caller App as MARVELLOUS AKPAN. The Police asked me to pay a fee of #20,000 for them to do their job of tracking the user of the phone number, which I immediately paid them so that they will swing into action. Marvellous Akpan was arrested the next. He was interrogated and he obliged to owning the phone number on the poster and printing of the poster which was posted on Social Media, assisted by a friend of his named Noah and one other guy. On further interrogation,Mr Marvellous Akpan confessed to the Police that he doesn’t know me and has never been to my restaurant nor have any knowledge of its address. Mr Chimeze, who had hired the place was released, summarily, after the successful arrest of Mr Akpan. The next day, 31st December, while at the other Branch of my restaurant, at Court Road, Sabon Tasha, Kaduna, a friend of mine called me, asked me to go to the main restaurant and see what was going on. I immediately went and saw a combined team of Police men, soldiers, KASTLEA and Vigilante groups guarded a pay loader to demolished my restaurant. No prior notice was served to me before the demolition, there was no any form of communication between I and the Kaduna State Property Development Agency (KASUPDA) who came to demolish the building structure.Even when they arrived the location, the main entrance to the main Restaurant and the restaurant was under lock and key. There was no any form of communication to me ! I watched them pull down the building without allowing me remove any item before the demolition. As a result of the trauma, I lost my one month old pregnancy. I also incurred the following loses; I plan to seek legal redress for defamation of my character and the loss of my properties in the building. Signed:Aisha Mercy YakubuCEO,Asher Kings and Queens Restaurant, Sabon Tasha, Kaduna.2nd January 2021 KADUNA - The Supreme Council for Sharia, Kaduna branch, has thrown its weight behind the demolition of building promoting sex party in Kaduna.  This was even as it urged the state government to fish out other nude clubs operating in the state capital.  In a statement issued by the state… January 2, 2021 In "Metro" The Facebook account of the second lady who claimed to have been in a sexual relationship with Suleman Johnson, the embattled overseer of Omega Fire Ministries Worldwide, has been deactivated for violating the medium’s policies which included nudity,  report. The lady, who identified herself as Queen Esther, said she began… March 17, 2017 In "News" By Chiazo Ogbolu Lagos - One of the most critically acclaimed shows on the Lagos theatre circuit – Legends, Kings and Kingdoms: the Musical’ opened for the first time in Abuja to packed crowds and rave reviews. The MTN Foundation’s Executive Secretary, Nonny Ugboma disclosed this in a statement in… June 13, 2019 In "Entertainment"