88 cars which were seized by the Lagos State Task Force on Environmental Sanitation and Special Offences (Enforcement Unit) from traffic violators would be auctioned.  It was gathered that the forfeited vehicles were impounded for driving against the traffic in different parts of the state. According to the Chairman of the agency, Shola Jejeloye, the drivers of the vehicles were arraigned before the mobile court, which ordered their forfeiture. Jejeloye, who noted that the public auction would hold on Wednesday, January 20, 2021, at the agency’s car park, Alausa, Ikeja, urged private and commercial bus drivers to desist from driving against the traffic. He said, “I want to urge motorists, both private and commercial bus drivers, to desist from driving against the traffic as the penalty is outright forfeiture of such vehicle to the government without any option of fine. “The Lagos State Commissioner of Police, Hakeem Odumosu, has directed operatives of the agency to continue prosecuting traffic offenders until sanity is restored to our roads and law-abiding citizens are allowed to commute without being impeded by unlawful individuals.” Source By Moses Omorogieva Lagos - Lagos State Task Force on Environment said it had arrested 10 motorists for allegedly driving against traffic and would prosecute them. Chairman of the Task Force, Mr Olayinka Egbeyemi, a Chief Superintendent of Police, stated this in a statement on Sunday in Lagos, by Mr… June 9, 2019 In "News" Lagos -  The Lagos State Sector Command of the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) prosecuted 304 traffic offenders for 412 offences through mobile courts in the last six months. The Sector Commander, Mr Hyginus Omeje, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos that the offenders were prosecuted in… July 31, 2016 In "Metro" By Florence Onuegbu Lagos - The Lagos State Government has vowed to prosecute anyone caught assaulting officers in the course of carrying out their official duties and responsibilities. Mr Olajide Oduyoye, General Manager, Lagos State Traffic Management Authority (LASTMA), in a statement on Tuesday, condemned the recent increase in reported… November 19, 2019 In "News"