Mrs Rosemary Adebutu, one of the wives of the owner of Premier Lotto, Chief Kessington Adebutu, is dead.  She was said to have died in a highbrow hospital on Lagos Island on Saturday afternoon after a brief illness. A close associate of the bereaved billionaire, Chief Kola Oyefeso, confirmed the news to Sunday PUNCH on Saturday night. It was gathered that the deceased was the mother of Temitope, the estranged wife of Olujonwo, the son of former President Olusegun Obasanjo. The deceased was said to have suddenly developed a mild illness at her Ikoyi home and was rushed to the hospital, where she gave up the ghost. It was, however, not clear the health condition of the deceased. But Oyefeso said her death had no connection with COVID-19. He said, “Yes, he (Adebutu) lost one of his wives today’s (Saturday) afternoon. It is true.” When asked whether it had to do with COVID-19, he said, “No. It has nothing to do with it.” Meanwhile, a pastor with House On The Rock, Adeyinka Akinbami, died of COVID-19 at the age of 61.  Announcing Akinbami’s passing on Saturday, the Senior Pastor, HOTR, Paul Adefarasin, said he had yet to come to terms with his death. He said the incident was a reminder of how deadly COVID-19 was and called on Nigerians to adhere to the COVID-19 protocols. Adefarasin tweeted, “Yesterday (Friday), I received the rude and shocking news of someone deeply dear to me and all of the HOTR family. The passing of Pastor Yinka Akinbami has become most painful because if there truly were good men, he was certainly one. To my brother, sleep well till we meet to part no more. “Family, kindly allow me to solicit your intercession for his dear wife of over 30 years; Pastor Tolu, his children, his children-in-law, and grandchildren. We can only at best imagine how much pain they are feeling. We share the pain of his loss but they will feel it a lot more. “It’s important to remind the community about the deadly nature of the COVID-19 and its mutant virus strains. Please do your part by following all the recommended precautions. That way, you are able to protect yourself and others who become proximal to you. God bless and keep us all.” Since announcing Akinbami’s passing, some church members and other Nigerians have mourned the pastor’s death. An entertainer, IK Osakioduwa, said when he was preparing to get married about 12 years ago, it was the deceased who counselled him and his fiancée. Osakioduwa wrote on Instagram, “I don’t post a lot when people pass. This case though is very different for me. This man right here, Pastor Yinka Akinbami, is what you call a good man. He and his lovely wife Pastor Tolu are one of the very few couples I’d call ‘goals’ in this marriage business. “They counselled my wife and me before marriage and I can say confidently that in the 12 years and counting of our marriage, we have kept striving to live up to the things they taught and showed us. Their love was so real. They didn’t fake it at all.” Also mourning the pastor, a tweep, Olufemi Adebayo, wrote, “This is deep. Pastor Yinka is truly gone. He helped lay foundations of many good homes. He nurtured young couples. I went through premarital counselling under him.”  Another tweep, Okwy Asiegbu, wrote, “No! No! No! No! This is devastating to behold this rude notice. It’s unbelievable, terrible and sad to think of.” An Instagram commenter on Adeferasin’s tribute to the deceased, named Oluladeseyi, wrote, “Very sad. A painful exit we must say but a well-lived life. Pastor Yinka remembers everyone’s name. “Courteous and warm! Indeed, one of the few good men we have. Papa, our condolences to you, his family and the House On The Rock church.” Another commenter, Idaraumosen, also wrote, “I sat in his session for countless hours learning about a unit of the kingdom called marriage. He painted a picture of bliss which we saw in manifestation with how he related with his wife even at the borders of 70. Because of his teachings, I understand that marriage can be sweet till forever. Adieu sir, the host of heaven is waiting to receive you.” Source A 36-year-old man, Bryan Indimuli has been confirmed dead after being stabbed by his 25-year-old wife, Joy Indeche at their residence in Ikoli Village in Malava Constituency, Kakamega County of Kenya. Father of the deceased, John Indimuli said the incident occurred after his son complained that Indeche tripped over a… April 5, 2020 In "Foreign" By Amina Ahmed   Bauchi,    -     Tragedy befall a family in Bauchi on Saturday as the breadwinner of the house, Mr Salihu Yahaya, a businessman, lost his life trying to save his wife from being electrocuted. Narrating the incident to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), Mr Sani Ahmed, who… May 14, 2018 In "Metro" Daddy Freeze; On-Air Personality and radio presenter suffered a dreadful attack at the hands of a clergyman which cannot reasonably be swept under the carpet; under any guise. Daddy Freeze ( Ifedayo Lucien Olarinde) is also a social commentator whose views are sometimes controversial, but whose opinions are always expressed… September 17, 2020 In "News"