Prime Minister Boris Johnson on Tuesday postponed a post-Brexit trip planned this month to India after the Covid crisis worsened in Britain, Downing Street said. “The prime minister spoke to Prime Minister (Narendra) Modi this morning, to express his regret that he will be unable to visit India later this month as planned,” a spokesperson said, blaming a fast-spreading strain of the virus. Johnson announced a new England-wide lockdown on Monday following the emergence of the virulent new strain, explaining urgent action was needed to prevent spiralling numbers of cases overwhelming health services. “The prime minister said that it was important for him to remain in the UK so he can focus on the domestic response to the virus,” Downing Street said Johnson had told his Indian counterpart. Johnson still hopes to visit India in the first half of 2021, before Modi is due to attend a G7 summit in Britain later this year.  The British leader was due to be a guest at India’s annual Republic Day celebrations on January 26, shortly after the UK left the European Union’s single market and as it seeks new trade deals around the world, particularly in fast-growing Asia. Announcing the trip last month, Johnson said the visit would showcase “Global Britain” and help to deliver a “quantum leap” in Britain’s relations with India, the jewel of its former empire. Channels TV •Britain’s Prime Minister Boris Johnson walks out of 10 Downing Street to give a statement in central London on April 27, 2020, after returning to work following more than three weeks off after being hospitalised with the COVID-19 illness. /AFP LONDON - Prime Minister Boris Johnson on Monday made his… April 27, 2020 In "Foreign" London - British Prime Minister Boris Johnson is on Tuesday expected to announce further easing of coronavirus lockdown measures in England, allowing pubs and restaurants to reopen from July 4. British media reported ahead of Johnson’s statement to parliament that the move would also allow cinemas and museums to reopen,… June 23, 2020 In "Foreign" British Prime Minister Boris Johnson has tested negative for COVID-19, his spokesman said on Monday. The test on leaving hospital was standard medical practice, the spokesperson said, according to the Press Association news agency. Johnson spent a week in hospital including several days in intensive care after contracting the virus,… April 13, 2020 In "Foreign"