The government of Uganda has switched on the internet after it shut it down on Jan. 13, fearing that it would be used to incite violence and hate speech during the Presidential elections held on Jan. 14.  Ofwono Opondo, government spokesman said that the internet had been switched on after data collected indicated that there would be no violence. “Internet was switched off because people wanted to spread messages of hate and violence, as well as discredit the integrity of our elections,” Opondo said. “We think now people have come to terms with the results. However, we remain on alert,” he added. On Jan. 13, a day before the country went for presidential and parliamentary elections the internet was switched off. “Whatever was done was done for the good of the country. The opposition was affected and the ruling party was also affected. Even the general public was affected,” Opondo said. Although the internet is now on, social media is still blocked. In the Thursday election, incumbent President Yoweri Museveni won with 58.64 per cent of the tallied votes while his closest rival Robert Kyagulanyi got 34.83 per cent. The presidential race attracted 11 candidates. Source The Uganda Communications Commission has directed all mobile operators to block access to all social media platforms ahead of the Presidential election in the country. The East African nation go to the polls on Thursday, January 14 in an election pitting incumbent Yoweri Museveni against 10 candidates including opposition front-runner… January 12, 2021 In "Foreign" •President Yoweri Museveni of Uganda Ugandans went to the polls last weekend in a hotly contested election and supposedly re-elected President Yoweri Museveni for a sixth term in office. He will continue a 35-year rule of the country. According to official government figures, the incumbent president won 58.6% of the… January 18, 2021 In "Column - Monday" After long-time President Yoweri Museveni emerged winner of the disputed presidential election for a sixth term in office, there are now calls for his country to be sanctioned. This comes after a member of the United Kingdom House of Commons, Dr Paul Williams, begged the international communities and organisations to… January 18, 2021 In "Foreign"