 The Oyo State Government and police authorities on Sunday sued for peace in troubled areas of the state, calling all stakeholders to embrace dialogue and desist from the wanton destruction of lives and livelihood.  Governor Seyi Makinde who was represented by a delegation led by his Special Adviser on Security, Fatai Owoseni, appealed to all to find a way to return communal tolerance and understanding to fight off attacks from bandits and kidnappers. The Commissioner of Police, Ngozi Onadeko in her address at Igangan, Tede and Ago Are communities, said the constant fight within neighborhoods which has led to the destruction of public and private property must stop. “I just want to enjoy every one of you, let us live in peace. I’m sure those from Tede and Ago Are inter-marry. So you are one and the same person, let us live in peace,” she said. “If there is no peace, there will be no growth, no development. The more you fight, the more you destroy things. The ones you have already gotten, you are wasting them. Then you have to start all over again. “I am calling on everybody; let us live in peace with one another. We are going to beef security everywhere.”  The police boss also invited all stakeholders to meet at the command headquarters in Ibadan before the end of the week to find a lasting solution to the crisis. She assured that security has been beefed up at the two border towns and Igangan to forestall further breach of peace in the areas. Igangan has been engulfed in crisis for over a week over the killings and kidnappings within the area. The youth in the community accused the Fulani community of complicity in the acts of kidnapping, banditry and killings of people in the area. At Tede and Ago Are communities, there have been reports of communal conflicts for days. Source Residents of Igangan in the Ibarapa area of Oyo State on Sunday recounted their ordeals in the hands of Fulani herdsmen. The community leaders, who spoke during a visit of the state government delegation to the town, stated that they had paid a total of N50m as ransoms for kidnappings… January 25, 2021 In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State has ordered the Police to arrest Sunday Igboho and others causing tension in the state. On Friday, Igboho went to Igangan to restate his ultimatum to Fulanis to leave. Igangan is a community in Ibarapa North Local Government Area. The… January 22, 2021 In "Top Stories" Oyo State Governor Seyi Makinde has warned people planning to take actions that can lead to the forcible ejection of anyone from the state to desist. He said anybody who failed to abide by the directive would face the full wrath of the law. The governor directed local government and… January 21, 2021 In "Politics"