ORLU – Many people are feared dead while several properties as well as the Orlu Stadium have been destroyed as members of the Indigenous Peoples of Biafra (IPOB) clashed with security men in Orlu, Imo State on Monday. It was gathered that the crisis started last week when IPOB members, the police and army clashed. Some security men were said to have been killed when they attacked members of the Eastern Security Network (ESN) set up by IPOB to maintain security in Igboland.  The security agencies were said to have planned a reprisal. There were sporadic shooting as residents ran helter skelter to escape from the rain of bullets. The booms of the gun were heard as far as Okporo, Akata, Umutanze and other areas of ancient Orlu town It was gathered that Orlu is now a hot bed of military activities, as there are military checkpoints everywhere, and travellers are advised to avoid using the Orlu road or moving about the area at night.  The military presence was linked linked to alleged killing of military and police personnel, by suspected members of ESN. There are also reports of low-flying military aircraft over the community. The Army were said to be on a revenge mission against the IPOB Security Network, believed to be responsible for the death of their personnel. The security network had published video, which went viral last week, showing ESN boasting how they dislodged policemen who attacked them, displaying the vehicles the security men had abandoned as they fled. More than 20 operatives from Imo State Police Command on Friday clashed with members of Independent People of Biafra (IPOB) and Movement for the Actualisation of Sovereign State of Biafra(MASSOB) at Orji in Owerri North Council Area of the state. The incident, which took place in the morning hours at… July 24, 2020 In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - Fresh battle over the true legal representation of the detained leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Mr. Nnamdi Kanu, has created uncertainty over the state of his ongoing trial at the Federal High Court (FHC) sitting in Abuja. Two legal practitioners, Mr. Gabriel Egbule… January 18, 2016 In "Top Stories" About five soldiers and four members of the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra have been feared dead after a clash in Oyigbo and other parts of Rivers State. This brings to seven the number of IPOB members who reportedly died during the #EndSARS and police brutality protest in the state.… October 25, 2020 In "Metro"