According to a report by The PUNCH, the Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board says its portal has been reopened for the 2020/2021 admissions.  The board said opening the portal gives institutions access to upload names of shortlisted applicants for the 2020/2021 admissions. The spokesperson for JAMB, Fabian Benjamin, confirmed this in a telephone interview on Wednesday. When our correspondent visited the JAMB’s website on Wednesday, the portal had been opened. He quoted the Registrar of JAMB, Prof Is-haq Oloyede, as saying that admission processes must go through the Central Admission Processing System for approval. “Of course, long ago. Any institution, not just public that wants to is already uploading,” Oloyede was quoted as saying. Earlier, JAMB warned the public not to fall prey to fraudsters and rumour mongers. The board who gave the advice in a weekly bulletin of the Office of the Registrar said that it has yet to begin the sale of the 2021 Unified Tertiary and Matriculation Examination forms. ”JAMB reiterates that it has not begun the sale of its 2021 UTME and Direct Entry application forms, neither has it announced a date for the exercise. ”The clarification became necessary following fake news that the board has begun the sale and was urging prospective applicants to procure same from some nebulous selling outlets. ”The public is to note that the news of the purported sale of the registration forms is false and an attempt to mislead the public.” JAMB explained that the delay in the start of the sale of the application forms was as a result of the prevailing COVID-19 pandemic in the country but would conclude arrangements soon. Source By Funmilayo Adeyemi Abuja - The Joint Admission and Matriculation Board (JAMB) says it will conduct its 2020 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examinations (UTME) between March 14 and April 4. Prof. Ishaq Oloyede, JAMB Registrar, disclosed this while hosting State Commissioners of Education on Monday in Abuja. Oloyede also said the registrations… December 23, 2019 In "News" By Veronica Dariya Bwari (Abuja) - The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB), on Saturday said it had suspended the use of the National Identity Number (NIN), for the 2020 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME). The Registrar of the board, Prof. Ishak Oloyede, disclosed this to newsmen during a press… January 11, 2020 In "Top Stories" The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB) has kicked-off the admission exercise for 2020/2021 academic year for tertiary institutions with the announcement of cut-off points for admissions. The Board announced cut-off points for various institutions: universities from 160, polytechnics from 120, colleges of education and innovative institutions from 100. JAMB… June 16, 2020 In "News"