Academic activities will resume from Monday, 25th January 2021 at the Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria in Kaduna State, according to the management of the institution. However, the Director of Public Affairs of the ABU, Mallam Auwal Umar, said in a statement that the resumption date was subject to review by the Federal Government. The statement titled, ‘Ahmadu Bello University fixes January 25 for reopening,’ said the resumption date was approved by the Senate of the University at its 501st (Special) Meeting on Tuesday The statement read, “The 2019/2020 academic session would be completed based on the adjusted calendar as approved by the Senate. “The decision to reopen the University followed the suspension of ASUU strike, and the directive by National Universities Commission based on the advisory/clearance by the Presidential Taskforce on COVID- 19 that Universities could reopen as from 18th January 2021 under strict observance of COVID-19 protocols.” It added that the reopening of the university would be on a phased basis. The statement said the first phase of resumption would include, all graduating/final-year students, 100 and 200 levels students, all clinical medical students and all postgraduate students to be handled virtually using online ICT-supported blended teaching and learning arrangement.‌The second phase, the statement added, would comprise all other non-graduating classes, 300 level in the case of four-year degree programme, 300 and 400 levels in the case of five-year degree programme as well as 300, 400 and 500 levels in the case of six-year degree programme. It added that “It should be noted that all non-pharmaceutical COVID-19 protocols would be strictly observed anywhere on campus and every student must submit online an undertaking to abide by all the COVID-19 protocols both within and outside the Campus. Students who failed to complete and submit this form online will not be able to print their exams card. “In addition, the University Management would, within the limit of its resources, support the University Health Service with the provision of Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) and a Holding Bay to ensure safe handling of any suspected cases. “Equally, Management would take all necessary actions to strengthen the security architecture of the University and assure the University community of adequate safety and security.” Source Branches of the Academic Staff Union of Universities on Sunday assessed COVID-19 protocols in the universities and said the institutions were not ready for safe reopening. The chapters of the union, in separate interviews with The PUNCH, commented on the directive of the National Universities Commission that universities could resume… January 11, 2021 In "Education" State governments on Sunday differed on the Federal Government’s directive that schools in the country should remain shut till January 18 as part of efforts to curb COVID-19 second wave. While states such as Kogi, Anambra, Plateau and Ekiti said their schools would resume on January 18, Rivers, Cross River,… January 4, 2021 In "News" A file photo of the NUC logo at the commission’s office in Abuja. The National Universities Commission (NUC) has directed Vice Chancellors of universities to resume academic activities on January 18, 2021. It explained that the instruction was given in line with the directive of the Presidential Task Force (PTF)… January 8, 2021 In "News"