Mike Pence, the Vice President of America, and former House officials are shunning President Donald Trump’s departure ceremony, CNN reports.  The ex-administration officials invited for the ceremony are taking a pass, some due to their disgust with the outgoing President. According to the report, most of the ex-aides cited the attack on the US Capitol, saying their former principal crossed the red line by inciting his mob. “Is there a disappointment factor, yes!” said one former senior White House official to CNN. And a senior White House adviser added, “Sending the mob was a red line.” “He has eviscerated his legacy,” said another senior White House adviser. In what he described as a sign of desperation, CNN quoted another former senior White House official as saying that invitees can bring five guests. Also, Mike Pence’s public schedule indicates that he won’t be attending Trump’s departure ceremony tomorrow. The VP Pence blamed the logistical challenge for this as he won’t be able to attend both the departure ceremony and participate in Joe Biden’s inauguration at the same time. Source President Donald Trump’s national security adviser, Michael Flynn, resigned late on Monday after revelations that he had discussed U.S. sanctions on Russia with the Russian ambassador to the United States. It was discovered that the conversation had taken place before Mr. Trump took office; and Mr. Flynn had misled Vice… February 14, 2017 In "Foreign" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) Since he took office in January last year, American President, Mr Donald Trump has not only disagreed with members of the oppossition but even with his own cabinet members and other appointees. Between that time and now, over 20 people have either been sacked or have resigned… March 13, 2018 In "Foreign" By Emily Stephenson and Steve Holland NEW YORK/WASHINGTON  - President-elect Donald Trump shuffled his transition team again on Tuesday, jettisoning a national security expert and lobbyists from his inner circle as he closed in on naming two loyal Wall Street backers to key economic positions. Trump, a Republican outsider who… November 16, 2016 In "Foreign"