Ogunyemi spoke in Abuja while featuring on a television programme monitored by The PUNCH.  He said, “We have not seen government and university authorities taking concrete steps to access the level of safety for our members and for our students. “In as much as we are ready to go back, we are ready to put in extra efforts but it appears that government is not doing enough to address the two emergencies that we have – the emergency in the health sector as well as the emergency in the educational sector. “Take for instance, how can we ensure or assure social distancing in crowded classes and congested hostels? Our hostels, are they fumigated? The classrooms, what flexible arrangements should be in place? I’m not sure universities can cope.” The PUNCH had earlier reported that ASUU, on December 24, 2020, conditionally suspended the nine-month-long strike by the lecturers after a lot of foot-dragging by the union and the Federal Government. The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 subsequently ordered schools to remain closed till January 18, 2021 to contain the spike in COVID-19 infections in the country. The National Universities Commission later asked universities to comply with the directive but the PTF on Monday said the January 18 date is subject to review. But speaking on Tuesday, the ASUU president said the NUC and the government were yet to enforce all Covid guidelines in the universities. The don also said the government should visit universities in the country and ensure all Covid protocols were in place just as it did before the reopening of the aviation sector. Ogunyemi further said lecturers are working on an alternative mode of learning, noting that some lecturers will blend virtual and physical classes to avoid overcrowding and maintain social distancing at universities.  “But the universities don’t have functional ICT (Information Communications Technology) infrastructure and you need some huge funds to do this,” he stated. “People are saying start virtual classes but we know that more than 60 per cent of our students will run into problems because they cannot afford data on their own and the wifi you are expected to see on campuses are not there. We have this limited capacity where government should come in and ensure that the university environment is conducive for alternative models of teaching and learning,” Ogunyemi added. Source Branches of the Academic Staff Union of Universities on Sunday assessed COVID-19 protocols in the universities and said the institutions were not ready for safe reopening. The chapters of the union, in separate interviews with The PUNCH, commented on the directive of the National Universities Commission that universities could resume… January 11, 2021 In "Education" By Ibukun Emiola Ibadan - The Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU), University of Ibadan Chapter, has warned against the reopening of schools without provisions for schools to meet COVID-19 precautionary guidelines. Its chairman, Prof. Ayo Akinwole, stated this in a release he made available to newsmen in Ibadan on… September 6, 2020 In "Education" Lecturers have resumed at Rivers State-owned universities, despite the current strike declared by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU).   The union had vowed to stay away from classrooms until the government addressed the challenges of infrastructural decay and funding in public universities.   ASUU National President, Prof Biodun… October 7, 2020 In "Education"