The Nigeria Immigration Service has said it has yet to receive a directive on the travel ban imposed on 100 international passengers by the Federal Government for allegedly flouting the mandatory seven-day post-arrival COVID-19 polymerase chain reaction test.  The NIS spokesman, DCI Sunday James, said he has not received official communication in respect of the ban announced by the Secretary to the Government of the Federation and Chairman of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19, Boss Mustapha, on Friday. The Federal Government had announced the sanction on the travellers in a memo titled ‘Travel restriction,’ released by the Federal Ministry of Information and Culture. According to document, the six months’ travel restriction, which took effect on January 1, 2021, was based on “presidential authority.” The SGF had said, “Defaulting passengers have been notified and will be prevented from travelling out of the country during this period.” But when asked about the steps being taken by the NIS to enforce the directive on Sunday, James said, “I am not aware of the order, I have not received any official directive on it; I have only seen it on social media. You can call me tomorrow (Mon)” Mustapha had on December 29, 2020, said with effect from January 1, the passports of the first 100 passengers who had failed to take their day-seven post-arrival PCR test would be published in national newspapers. ‌He also noted that the PTF had worked out additional quarantine protocols to be observed by travellers arriving from the United Kingdom and South Africa, in keeping with government determination to minimise any possibility of importation of the virus. Source The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 has revealed it has started reviewing the guidelines for lifting of the ban on interstate travels. The revelation was made on Monday. Speaking at the daily press briefing of the PTF in Abuja, the National Coordinator of the task force, Dr Sani Aliyu, said… June 24, 2020 In "News" •A police checkpoint In his address to the nation on COVID-19 pandemic on 27 April 2020, President Muhammadu Buhari announced some key measures to contain the rapidly spreading cases of coronavirus (COVID-19) infection across the country.  Among other things, the president announced that: (a) There will be an overnight curfew… May 11, 2020 In "Opinion" Activities resumed at the Utako International park, Abuja on Wednesday after the Federal Government lifted the ban on interstate travel. The park had been locked down following the travel restrictions imposed on the country as part of measures to curb the spread of the COVID-19. See photos: (Punch) July 1, 2020 In "News"