A female kidnapper has confessed after being arrested by the police in Kano.  The woman alongside two men were arrested by the Kano Police Command for allegedly kidnapping a child of Galadanchi ward head, Ado Sunusi, in Gwale Local Government of Kano. After the police traced the car in which the boy was abducted, they arrested the driver at Beruit Road, in Kano. Through him, the woman’s whereabouts was revealed, and it was learnt that the woman is the gang leader. The Kano Police Command revealed that they surrounded a house in Jaba community of Ungogo Local Government where the suspected kidnappers were arrested. Three men and a lady were arrested during the parade, but the two of the three suspected kidnappers are Zamfara State indigenes. After investigation carried out, it was realised that the woman rented the house from a caretaker at the rate of 600,000 in a year, DailyTrust reports. The woman told police that she started kidnapping people after her husband was killed in Zamfara. The Kano police PRO, Haruna Abdullahi Kiyawa, had not responded to phone calls or reply a message sent by our correspondent as of press time. Source •Kano State Governor Abdullahi Ganduje A teenage boy (identity undisclosed) has been buried alive in an uncompleted building at Wase village, Minjibir Local Government Area of Kano State. Two persons, one Aminu Suleiman ‘m’ 29 years old and Abdulrashid Ishaq ‘m’ 32 years old all of Tudun Murtala Quarters Kano… December 31, 2019 In "Metro" Anti-kidnapping squad of the Nigeria Police has killed a suspected kidnapper in Okoyong in Odukpani Local Government Area of Cross River State while two other suspects escaped. The kidnapped victim, a woman (name withheld) was rescued. Investigations conducted revealed that one of the suspects used the phone of the victim… October 7, 2017 In "Metro" •Hamisu Wadume By Ifeanyi Okolie Suspected kidnap kingpin, Alhaji Hamisu Balla, a.k.a Wadume, who has been in the middle of the raging storm between the Nigerian Army and the Nigeria Police over the murder of three police operatives and two civilians by soldiers in Ibi town, Taraba State has finally… August 25, 2019 In "Top Stories"