By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, has felicitated with former Governor of Osun State, Chief Bisi Akande, on the occasion of his 82nd birthday. He rejoices with the family, friends and political associates of the former governor and first interim National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress(APC) as they celebrate the joyous occasion. The Special Adviser (Media) to President of the Senate, Ola Awoniyi who disclosed this in a statement noted that Lawan said that in his roles as a state governor and party leader, Chief Akande made indelible contributions to governance and political development in Nigeria. “His achievements as the first governor of Osun in this democratic dispensation and as the leader of the APC in its formative stage shall always remain remarkable and have cemented his position among leaders of consequence in Nigeria. “Chief Akande’s integrity, consistency, focus, level-headedness, firmness as a leader and principle-based politics make him an elder statesman to be emulated, especially by those who take or aspire to public offices,” Lawan said. The Senate President prays for more years of good health for the former governor so that he can continue to contribute to the development of his beloved Nigeria.  By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Tinubu has greeted a founding member of of the ruling party, Chief Bisi Akande on the ocassion of his 82nd birthday. Tinubu described Akande as a committed democrat and a father figure and engaging… January 15, 2021 In "Top Stories" The National Leader of All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Tinubu is currently having a closed-door meeting with the Osun State Governor, Adegboyega Oyetola, Minister for Interior, Rauf Aregbesola and former National Chairman of the ruling party, Chief Bisi Akande. The meeting holding at the residence of Chief Akande in… December 3, 2020 In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Chief Bisi Akande has been appointed the head of the newly reconstituted 12-Member Reconciliation Committee of the All Progressives Congress. His emergence followed the review of the membership of the party’s National Reconciliation Committee by President Muhammadu Buhari and the leadership of the… February 10, 2020 In "News"