Deji Adeyanju has lambasted President Muhammadu Buhari.  The activist accused Buhari of dividing the country along ethnic and religious lines. Adeyanju, who is the convener of Concerned Nigerians, described Buhari as the most clueless Nigerian president ever. In a tweet, the activist stressed that Buhari divided Nigeria along tribal, ethnic and religious lines. Adeyanju lamented that Buhari was so clueless that he can’t protect his hometown, Daura in Katsina State. He wrote: “Buhari is the most clueless Nigerian president ever. He was also clueless as a military dictator. “The most painful thing about his rule is that he has divided us along tribal, ethic and religious lines. Sad indeed! He can’t even protect Daura -such a waste.” Recall that bandits had late last year kidnapped some students of Government Science Secondary School, GSSS, in Kankara area of Katsina State. A week after their abduction, the students were released. Source A video showing the President Muhammadu Buhari visiting his cows in Daura Katsina State, barely hours after hundreds of boys were abducted by bandits has elicited criticisms from several social media users. The pupils of Government Boys Science Secondary School in Kankara Local Government Area of Katsina State were abducted… December 14, 2020 In "News" The Special Adviser to the President on Media and Publicity, Femi Adesina, says the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), inherited a “terribly” divided country from his predecessor, Goodluck Jonathan, in 2015. He said Nigeria had always been divided and there was nothing special about the comments made by Nobel… September 17, 2020 In "News" Convener of Concerned Nigerian, Deji Adeyanju, on Friday charged President Muhammadu Buhari to suspend the country’s constitution, disband National Assembly. Speaking with DAILY POST, Adeyanju also charged Buhari to abrogate the judiciary and transform into a Military Head of State because he is a “tyrant.” He was reacting after operatives… December 6, 2019 In "News"