The former chairman of one of China’s largest state-controlled asset management firms was sentenced to death Tuesday for soliciting $260 million in bribes, corruption and bigamy. Lai Xiaomin, a former Communist Party member, gave a detailed confession on state broadcaster CCTV in January 2020, with footage of a Beijing apartment reportedly belonging to Lai replete with safes and cabinets stuffed with stacks of cash. Lai had abused his position in attempting to obtain the vast sum, the court in Tianjin said, describing the bribes as “extremely large” and calling the circumstances “particularly serious”. He had shown “extreme malicious intent,” the court ruling added. Lai, former chairman of the Hong Kong-listed China Huarong Asset Management Co, was also found guilty of bigamy after living “as man and wife for long periods” outside of his marriage and fathering illegitimate children. Lai, whose investigation started in April 2018, also embezzled over 25 million yuan ($3.8 million) in public funds between 2009 and 2018. During his televised confession, Lai told CCTV he “did not spend a single penny, and just kept it there… I did not dare to spend it”. CCTV also showed luxury cars and gold bars that it reported Lai had accepted as bribes. The court in Tianjin said Lai would have all personal assets confiscated and be stripped of his political rights. Critics have said the wide-ranging anti-corruption campaign launched under President Xi Jinping has also served as a way to target his opponents and those of the Communist Party leadership. CCTV often broadcasts interviews with suspects admitting to crimes, even before they have appeared in court — a practice that has long been condemned by lawyers and rights organisations as forcing confessions under duress. (AFP) Beijing  -   Chinese Authorities on Monday said any officials found guilty of embezzling or accepting bribes of 3 million Yuan (460,000 dollars) or more will face a possible death sentence, a report said on Monday. ``The penalty will be reserved for extremely serious cases with extremely vile impact,’’ the… April 19, 2016 In "Foreign" BEIJING - Another Chinese businesswoman involved in the corruption case of former railway minister, Liu Zhijun was sentenced to seven years imprisonment by a local court in Beijing on Wednesday. According to a verdict by the Beijing No. 2 Intermediate People's Court, Hou Junxia was convicted of illegal business operations.… December 17, 2014 In "Foreign" Beijing - A Chinese court said, on Friday, it had sentenced a Canadian, Ye Jianhui, to death for transporting and manufacturing drugs. Jianhui becomes second Canadian in two days to receive a death penalty for drugs and fourth since Canada detained a top Huawei executive in 2018. Relations between China… August 7, 2020 In "News"