The Nigerian military has reacted to reports that Boko Haram terrorists overran a military base in Borno.  The incident it was reported happened at the military base in Marte Local Government Area (LGA), of Borno between Jan. 15 and Jan. 16. The Defence Headquarters (DHQ) through Maj.-Gen. John Enenche, Coordinator Defence Media Operations, said nothing of that nature happened. There were reports that the Boko Haram/Islamic West Africa Province (ISWAP) terrorists, attacked troops and took over the base at the outskirts of Marte. Enenche denying the report said the terrorists attacked but were repelled. The troops eliminated a number of them and destroyed 13 gun trucks belonging to the terrorists. He said “The story going around that the military base (at Marte) was taken over is not true. The attackers came in through one of the checkpoints at a filling station. “When they came to that checkpoint to attack, the troops there had to do what we call tactical withdrawal. “That tactical withdrawal is to move away so that they (terrorists) can now go into the killing ground. “At times, we have to pull out and draw them into the killing ground, that is what we did and it achieved result. When you do tactical withdrawal, you then call for air support.” Source TROOPS swiftly regained a military base from combined forces of Islamic State of West Africa Province (ISWAP) and Boko Haram at the weekend. The terrorists’ wielding machine-guns mounted on trucks, seized Marte – a town 93 kilometres from Maiduguri, the Borno State capital – and the military base there on… January 18, 2021 In "News" ABUJA -   Boko Haram jihadists overran a military base in northeast Nigeria after a ferocious firefight, military and vigilante sources said Sunday, the second assault on the country’s forces in two days. The militants on Saturday evening invaded a base holding hundreds of soldiers in Yobe state — where… July 15, 2018 In "Top Stories" This article is part of my periodic evaluation of the Boko Haram war in Nigeria as a Political Scientist and I will be focusing on the successes and struggles of the Nigerian soldiers this year, 2020 based on secondary sources of data. It should be noted that Boko Haram began… January 20, 2020 In "News"