All public and private schools in Lagos state have been given the approval to reopen from Monday, 18th January, 2021.  The directive was given by Lagos State Governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu. Director General, Office of the Education Quality Assurance, OEQA, of the state Ministry of Education, Mrs Abiola Seriki-Ayeni, in a statement on Friday, said Commissioner for Education, Mrs Folasade Adefisayo, therefore, urged all school managers to enforce strict compliance with all subsisting protocols to curb the spread of COVID-19 in the state. The statement read in part: “I want to convey the approval of Mr Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu that all public and private schools in Lagos State can still resume for 2nd Term 2020 /2021 academic session with effect from Monday 18th January, 2021. In view of this, Commissioner for Education, Mrs Folasade Adefisayo wishes to enjoin all school managers to enforce strict compliance with all subsisting protocols to curb the spread of COVID-19 in the state. I wish you all happy resumption and please stay safe.” Source The Lagos State Government has ordered all public and private schools in the state to reopen for the second term of 2020/21 academic session from Monday, January 18, 2021. Commissioner for Education, Mrs Folasade Adefisayo, announced this on Monday in a statement by the Head, Public Affairs, Ministry of Education,… January 4, 2021 In "News" The Lagos State Government has approved the resumption of all classes in pre-primary, primary, and secondary schools.   The Commissioner for Education, Mrs Folasade Adefisayo, announced this in a statement on Monday.   She said the remaining classes in both public and private schools in the state can resume from… October 12, 2020 In "Education" State governments on Sunday differed on the Federal Government’s directive that schools in the country should remain shut till January 18 as part of efforts to curb COVID-19 second wave. While states such as Kogi, Anambra, Plateau and Ekiti said their schools would resume on January 18, Rivers, Cross River,… January 4, 2021 In "News"