Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  Gov. Aminu Tambuwal of Sokoto State on Friday dissolved the caretaker committees of all the 23 local government councils in the state. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Tambuwal announced the dissolution of the committees after meeting with the caretakers in Sokoto. The governor expressed appreciation to the caretaker committees for the support and encouragement given to his administration in the last two years. ”All of you have tried your best for the administration during and after the election. “All of you know that the due process is that sole administrators can only be in office for six months; now, you have spent two years,” he said. “I’m aware that some of you will want to contest; I wish you all the best. Whether you return or not, we will continue to engage you whenever the need arises,” he said. Tambuwal said the state Electoral Commission (SOSIEC) had been appropriately briefed and was planning for new elections. Speaking on behalf of his colleagues, the former Sole Administrator of Sokoto North Local Government Council, Alhaji Aminu Ibrahim, expressed gratitude to the governor for the opportunity and privilege given to them to serve their respective local governments. “We will continue to remain with you at all times because we have since realised that your intentions and dispositions are for the collective good of the people of the state,” Ibrahim. By Habibu Harisu   Sokoto,   -    Gov. Aminu Tambuwal 0f Sokoto State on Wednesday swore in 23 Local Government Caretaker Committee Chairmen, four months after the tenure of elected chairmen expired. Tambuwal, after swearing-in the caretaker chairmen at the Executive Council Chamber of the Government House in Sokoto,… October 17, 2018 In "News" Sokoto - Gov. Aminu Tambuwal of Sokoto State on Thursday approved the immediate dissolution of the 23 local government caretaker committees in the state. Similarly, all the secretaries of the councils were relieved of their appointments. This is contained in a statement by the Governor's spokesman, Malam Imam Imam, made… September 3, 2015 In "News" SOKOTO - The members of Sokoto State Youths Enlightenment Forum on Sunday said they endorsed Gov. Aliyu Wamakko for the Sokoto Central Senatorial election on the platform of the All Progressives Congress ( APC) in 2015. The Chairman of the forum, Alhaji Bashiru Abubakar, announced this to newsmen in Sokoto… October 13, 2014 In "News"