The President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), has signed the Coronavirus Disease Health Protection 2021 which made the use of face masks in public places mandatory among other measures to curtail further spread of COVID-19. The Chairman of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19, Boss Mustapha, told journalists in Abuja on Wednesday that the President signed the document on Tuesday. He said the President signed the document in the exercise of the powers conferred on him by Section 4 of the Quarantine Act, Cap. Q2 Laws of the Federation of Nigeria 2010. Part 2 of the regulation stipulates that no person shall be allowed within the premises of a market, mall, supermarket, shop, restaurants, hotels, event centres, gardens, leisure parks, recreation centres, motor parks, fitness centre or any other similar establishment “except he is wearing a face covering that covers the nose and mouth, he washes his hands or cleaned the hands using hand sanitiser approved by the National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control, and his body temperature has been checked. Any person found to have a body temperature above 38 degrees Celsius shall be denied entry and advised to immediately seek medical attention.” Part 1 which deals with restrictions on gatherings stipulates that at all gatherings, a physical distance of at least two metres shall be maintained at all times between persons.  It added, “No gathering of more than 50 persons shall hold in an enclosed space, except for religious purposes, in which case the gathering shall not exceed 50 per cent capacity of the space. “All persons in public gatherings, whether in enclosed or open spaces, shall adhere to the provisions of Part 2 of these Regulations. “The provisions of these regulations may be varied by Guidelines and Protocols as may be issued, from time to time, by the Presidential Task Force on Covid-19 on the recommendation of the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control.” Details later… •President Muhammadu Buhari In view of the rising cases of COVID-19 in the country, President Muhammadu Buhari, would on Monday extend the lockdown in Abuja as well as Lagos and Ogun States for another two weeks. The president would however relax some of the restrictions on essential business activities by… April 26, 2020 In "News" •Chairman of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19, Boss Mustapha ABUJA - President Muhammadu Buhari has approved fresh measures to curtail the further spread of COVID-19 across the country. Part of the measures is the restriction of guests at weddings, conferences, and sporting activities among others to 50. The government… December 21, 2020 In "Top Stories" By Emmanuella Anokam Abuja - The Federal Government has decried the continued violation of the new guidelines set up as part of measures to check the spread of Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic in the country. Mr Adeniyi Adebayo, Minister of Industry, Trade and Investment, on Wednesday in Abuja, frowned at the… May 6, 2020 In "Politics"