The National Examinations Council has fixed new dates for its examination after candidates requested for more time to complete the registration process for the 2020 SSCE (External).  In a statement by the Head, Information and Public Relations Division, Azeez Sani, the Council noted that the examination which was earlier scheduled to commence on Monday, February 1, 2021, and end on Wednesday, March 3, 2021, will now start on Monday, February 8, 2021, and end on Wednesday, March 10, 2021. The Council also informed the set of candidates who missed some papers during the 2020 SSCE (Internal) due to the EndSARS protests in some states to take note of these new dates and report for the examination accordingly at their various examination centres to be designated. All candidates are advised to access the revised Examination Time Table on the Council’s website: www.neco.gov.ng.  Source THE National Examination Council on Wednesday announced the release of the 2020 Senior School Certificate Examination (internal) results. But a total of 233,000 candidates, who were prevented from taking the NECO examination in some states due to the #EndSARS protests, would be accommodated in the external examination scheduled for between… January 14, 2021 In "Education" By Funmilayo Adeyemi Abuja - The National Examination Council (NECO) on Monday fixed Sept. 10 as deadline for the registration of schools and examination candidates for the 2020 Senior School Certificate Examination (SSCE). A statement by the Registrar/Chief Executive of the council, Prof. Godswill Obioma in Abuja said the examination… August 31, 2020 In "Education" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The National Examination Council (NECO) on Wednesday released the results of its 2020 Senior Secondary School Certificate (SSCE) examination it conducted throughout the country between October and November. NECO Registrar and Chief Executive Officer of NECO, Prof. Godswill Obioma announced the results on… January 13, 2021 In "Top Stories"