ABUJA – The Nigerian government has released a new SIM replacement policy for telecom network subscribers whose phones got lost or misplaced or SIM got damaged. The new policy was made public on Friday in a statement jointly signed by Dr. Ikechukwu Adinde, Director, Public Affairs, Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) and Mr. Kayode Adegoke, Head, Corporate Communication, Nigerian Identity Management Commission (NIMC). The full statement reads: The Federal Government drive to ensure all Subscriber registrations are linked with National Identification Numbers (NINs) is moving forward and all stakeholders in the industry are working together to ensure the process is carried out as seamlessly as possible. The Government would like to seize this opportunity to sincerely appreciate Nigerians for the understanding and commitment demonstrated towards ensuring the overall success of this exercise. The Ministerial Task Force under the Chairmanship of the Honourable Minister of Communications and Digital Economy set up a Technical Committee made up of representatives of: 3). The Association of Licensed Telecommunications Operators of Nigeria (ALTON); and 4). Mobile Network Operators (MNOs). The Technical Committee is charged with the operationalization of the process to ensure an expedited linkage of all SIM Registration Records with NIN. Based on recommendations of the Technical Committee, the Honourable Minister of Communications and Digital Economy has approved a SIM Replacement Policy for subscribers whose SIMs have been lost, stolen, misplaced or damaged subject to the following conditions: i) That the subscriber present a NIN; ii) That an effective verification of the NIN is carried out by NIMC; and iii) That the relevant Guidelines and Regulations of NCC concerning SIM Replacement are fully adhered to. This policy is part of the Federal Government’s efforts to reduce the burden on subscribers and simplify the exercise. It is aimed at enabling telecommunications service users who need to replace their damaged, stolen or misplaced SIMs to re-establish access to telecom services. SignedDr. Ikechukwu AdindeDirector, Public AffairsNCC SignedMr. Kayode AdegokeHead, Corporate CommunicationNIMC The Federal Government has lifted the earlier suspension order on replacement and activation of old Subscriber Identification Module (SIM) card. In a statement on Thursday, signed by the Director, Public Affairs at NCC, Dr Ikechukwu Adinde, the Commission said the lifting of the ban was on the condition that the… December 31, 2020 In "News" The Federal Government has deepened the SIM card registration policy to now include the National Identification Number (NIN) from the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC). A statement made available to Business Hilights weekend from the office of the Technical Assistant (Information Technology) to the Minister of Communications and Digital Economy,… February 10, 2020 In "News" The National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) Thursday said that there is no cause for panic regarding the two weeks deadline for deactivation of Subscribers Identity Module (SIM) cards that are not linked with users’ National Identity Number (NIN). The Commission explained that adequate arrangements have been made to capture the… December 17, 2020 In "News"