According to a report by The PUNCH, more exhibits have been admitted in evidence in the ongoing trial of hip-hop singer Azeez Fashola, popularly known as ‘Naira Marley’ by a Federal High Court sitting in Lagos State.  Justice Nicolas Oweibo in his ruling on Wednesday admitted the Compact Disk containing the phone analysis of the singer, tendered in evidence by the second prosecution witness Anosike Augustine on the ground that the iPhone which was analysed has been admitted in evidence before. The judge overruled the objection of Naira Marley’s counsel Olalekan Ojo (SAN) and admitted the CD in evidence marked exhibit ‘F.’ “l have considered the agreement of both parties as well as the ground for the objection, I consider the CD to be admissible in view of the nature of this case and the evidence of other prosecution witness,” Oweibo said. The trial of the case could not proceed because the defence counsel, Olalekan Ojo, was not in court and sought an adjournment. The adjournment was not opposed by the EFCC’s counsel, Bilkisu Buhari. Justice Oweibo adjourned the further trial to 8th and 11th of March, 2021. Recall that the anti-graft agency had on May 20, 2019, arraigned Naira Marley on 11 counts of money laundering and Internet fraud. The EFCC alleged that some of the credit cards discovered in his residence bore the names Nicole Louise Malyon and Timea Fedorne Tatar. But he pleaded not guilty to all the charges. The EFCC said that the offences contravenes Money Laundering (Prohibition) Act and the Cyber Crimes Act. Source The Federal High Court sitting in Ikoyi has granted Nigerian Musician Azeez Fashola bail. At the resumed bail application, his lead defense counsel Olalekan Ojo for the singer apologized for his absence at the initial arraignment on May 20 due to heavy down poor. Ojo urged the court to accept… May 30, 2019 In "Top Stories" The trial of musician Azeez Fashola, a.k.a Naira Marley kicked off today with the EFCC calling its first prosecution witness, Mr. Nuru Buhari, the head of EFCC’s Forensic Department. He was led in evidence by the prosecutor Barrister Rotimi Oyedepo, PM News reports . Buhari told the court that some… October 23, 2019 In "News" Soapy' singer, Naira Marley has posed with the sling cross-body bag that appeared to have rankled the lawyer representing the EFCC at a Federal High Court in Lagos on Tuesday.The musician on his Instagram page displayed three pictures of himself wearing the bag, with a terse message to his traducer: "Only… October 23, 2019 In "Entertainment"