former presidential aspirant, Adamu Garba has given his two cents on the issue of open grazing in the country.  He tweeted: “I’m a Fulani man, but I can tell you that it doesn’t make sense for cows to be roaming the streets in 2021. Cows should be ranched on a land acquired or rented by the ranchers. By law, land can only be used through rent or purchase. Govt should step forward & clear this out. “I believe, to reconcile the raging herders crisis is to open proper communication where each knows the laws of the land. All lands in Nigeria, including forests belongs to some entity, FG, SGs, LGs, Company’s or individuals. Thus no land can be used without proper authorization. “The problem of the Fulani herders is a betrayal from the city Fulanis, who decided, after moving to cities, acquiring wealth & power, but forget to carry the village brothers along, leaving them in a desperate situation. The rich Fulanis must come together & get ranching lands. “Land issue is as old as humanity, no any state power can give land to anyone where the land is been identified with owners for generations, without purchasing or renting. The rich Fulani’s must come together & assist our fellow brothers to get reaching land or forest for grazing. “Lack of proper communication to the herders in understanding the law of land use, by bringing the surrounding communities onboard isn’t good enough. It may well be a breeding ground for a circlical conflicts, a very ripe situation for civil war. This must be avoided AT ALL COST.” Human Rights writers Association of Nigeria (HURIWA) on Saturday accused the Inspector General of Police, (IGP) Mohammed Adamu of partiality and double standards by ordering the Oyo State Commissioner of Police, Mrs. Ngozi Onadeko to arrest the Yoruba Ethnic Rights Activist, Mr. Sunday Ighoho. But, HURIWA said IGP has refused… January 23, 2021 In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Bello Bodejo, the national president of Miyetti Allah Kautal Hore, says nobody can chase herdsmen away from the forest reserves in Ondo state. On Monday, Rotimi Akeredolu, governor of Ondo, ordered herders to vacate the forest reserves over rising insecurity in the state. Akeredolu had said… January 23, 2021 In "Top Stories" It is interesting that the Presidency finally found its voice concerning the security situation in Ondo State. In recent months, Ondo State has been at the centre of grave insecurity in the South West. It was here that a first-class traditional ruler was kidnapped and killed. It was here that… January 21, 2021 In "Opinion"