As many Nigerians try to get their NIN, the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) has announced the closure of its headquarters in Abuja.  In a statement on Saturday, NIMC said Isa Ali Pantami, the minister of communications and digital economy, has approved the reactivation of 20 centres to make the process of national identification number (NIN) easier. This, it said, would be effective from Monday, January 18, 2021. “Members of the public, residents and visitors to the FCT wishing to enroll for the national identification number (NIN} should use any of the NIMC centers,” the statement read. Large crowds have besieged NIMC centres across the country following a directive from the ministry that subscribers of telecommunications networks link their NIN to their SIM cards. Olorunnimbe Mamora, the minister of state for health, had said the federal government may suspend the enrollment exercise to avoid further spread of the coronavirus. The Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) had asked all telcos to disconnect the SIM cards of persons who have not integrated their national identity numbers (NIN) with their phone lines by the end of January. Data from the National Bureau of Statistics showed that Nigeria had 205 million active voice subscribers at the end of the third quarter of 2020. The number of internet subscribers also grew to 151.51 million. Nigeria government said it has licensed 173 centres and 30 state government institutions to conduct the enrollment of the National Identity Number (NIN) across the country. “The Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Isa Ali Ibrahim (Pantami), has approved the licensing of 173 Agents and 30 State Governments/Public Sector Institutions… December 17, 2020 In "News" The Federal government has ordered the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC ) and the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) to remove the 20 naira USSD fee imposed on subscribers for the retrieval of their National Identity Numbers (NIN). The Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr Isa Ibrahim Pantami gave the… December 18, 2020 In "News" By Temitope Ponle Abuja - The House of Representatives has urged the Joint Admission and Matriculation Board (JAMB) to extend the use of compulsory National Identification Number (NIN) in the conduct of examinations till 2021. This followed a motion moved by Rep. Zainab Gimba (APC-Borno) under Matters of Urgent Public… November 13, 2019 In "News"