By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  Erstwhile governor of Anambra State and Vice Presidential Candidate of the Peoples Democcratic Party in the 2019 general election, Dr Peter Obi has urged governments to direct that gunshot patients be treated without police report in line with our laws. Obi made the call on Tuesday while reacting to the circumstances surrounding the death of David Ntekim Rex, The former Governors of Anambra State who took to his twitter handle to disclose this, however added that the hospitals can inform the police of such a patient while he or she is undergoing treatment. His tweets read; I am saddened by the killing of innocent and hard-working young Nigerian, David Ntekim Rex, in the hands of armed robbers due to worsening insecurity in our country. I urge governments and institutions at all levels to urgently direct that gunshot patients be treated without police report in line with our laws. The hospitals can inform the police of such a patient while he or she is undergoing treatment. May the Almighty God grant David eternal rest and his family and friends the fortitude to bear this irreplaceable loss. -PO Anambra State has always been used as a case study in recent years’ research reports on policing and military brutality and corrupt practices in Nigeria or any part thereof particularly in the Southeast Region. This has been the case since at least 2004 owing to the State’s ‘blue-collar’ status and… October 18, 2020 In "Opinion" By Jude Owuamanam, Managing Editor, Northern Operations ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - A human rights group, International Society for Civil Liberties & the Rule of Law (Intersociety), has petitioned the United Nations over the killing hundreds of members of the Indegenous People of Biafra (IPOB) by men of the Special Anti… July 21, 2017 In "Top Stories" Kaduna -  Gov. Nasir El-Rufa'i of Kaduna State has directed all hospitals in the state to henceforth treat persons with gun shot wounds and accident victims before demanding police report. This is contained in a statement issued in Kaduna on Wednesday by the governor's spokesman, Samuel Aruwan. It said that… April 28, 2016 In "News"