The Inspector-General of Police, Adamu Mohammed, has revealed that some Nigerian youths who took part in the #EndSARS protest against police brutality want to join the Nigeria Police Force because the police provide the service of God.  The #EndSARS protest which occurred in October 2020 saw youths take to the streets across the country to demand an end to police brutality and bad governance. Mohammed who spoke on Channels Television’s Newsnight on Monday said the same youths have shown interest in joining the Force. He said, “The youths who participated in the #EndSARS and the rest of them, many of them want to join the police. “Many of them will come and say, ‘Please, we want to join the police,’ because the service the police provide is a service of God.” The IGP, however, pointed out that officers in the Force don’t have the required logistics needed to operate. He said if they are given the same logistics as their foreign counterparts, they will perform better. “If you put Nigerian police officers side by side with even police officers from advanced countries, give them the same logistics, you will see Nigeria police officers performing better than those that are coming from the so-called advanced countries,” he said. On hospitals requesting police report before they attend to victims of gunshot wounds, Mohammed advised them to save lives first before any other thought. “Save life first… lives must be saved first before thinking of any other thing to do…there is no issue of asking for any police report before you treat anybody with gunshot wounds,” he said. See Video Below; After publicly identifying with the EndSARS protesters, governors on Wednesday intervened in the unabating protests despite government’s concession.   They met on Wednesday in Abuja with Inspector-General of Police Mohammed Adamu on the issue and the way forward.   They have also resolved to meet with identified leaders of the… October 15, 2020 In "News" The Nigerian Bar Association on Tuesday urged the Federal Government to show sincerity in its disbanding of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad by throwing all detention centres of SARS open.   The NBA president, Mr Olumide Akpata, who made the call at a press conference in Abuja, listed some of the… October 14, 2020 In "News" A former Minister of Finance and Economy, Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, has urged youths protesting against police brutality, extrajudicial killings and extortion to be peaceful.   While she commended the youths for being courageous, Okonjo-Iweala advised them to be united.   She gave the advice in a tweet on Sunday. “I applaud… October 18, 2020 In "Politics"