THE proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) on Tuesday justified the clash between its security outfit – the Eastern Security Network (ESN) – and the military.  It also claimed that five residents of Okporo community in Orlu Local Government Area of Imo State were killed when ESN men clashed with soldiers last Friday. Though the Army said only one person died in the crossfire, IPOB insisted that five people were killed and several others were injured in the skirmish between the security outfit and soldiers drawn from the 34 Artillery Brigade in Obinze. In a statement issued on Tuesday by IPOB’s spokesman Emma Powerful, the group accused Imo State Governor Hope Uzodimma of working with the Army to attack and flush out ESN officers from the bushes where they are operating from. The statement reads: “ESN personnel are in the bush and forest chasing…terrorists and herdsmen who are over there terrorising our members and sisters in their respective farms, not Nigeria security agencies but they are looking for ESN’s trouble. “Since the formation and inauguration of ESN by our great leader, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, on December 12, 2020, they have been inside the bushes and forests; their job is to protect farmers from invaders who made pronouncements that all lands in Nigeria belong to them. “Every time, Nigerian Army and the police would come and look for their trouble in the bush,” he said, adding that the group will resisit any attempt to clamp down on its members. He accused some Southeast leaders, including Imo State Governor Hope Uzodimma of aligning with the military to attack ESN. Powerful said members of the proscribed IPOB were not impressed by the 6pm-6am curfew declared by the governor. The governor, in a statement by his spokesman Oguwike, said the dusk-to-dawn curfew was declared following disturbing report on the activities of a group of militants that unleashed mayhem on Orlu residents. Source Residents of Orlu Local Government Area of Imo State on Monday fled their homes following a sporadic shooting by soldiers and suspected members of the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) and its outfit, the Eastern Security Network (ESN). At least 10 people were feared dead, according to sources. Reports… January 26, 2021 In "News" There was mayhem in Ogboro, Orlu, Imo State, on Monday when the hostilities between the Eastern Security Network (ESN) and soldiers became worsened. Ten residents were reportedly killed, while over 13 buildings and shops were burnt. The soldiers, who were initially deployed to dismantle the formations of the ESN, were… January 26, 2021 In "News" The newly launched security outfit by Indigenous People of Biafra leader, Nnamdi Kanu to protect the south has caused ruckus in the region. The Youth wing of the Ohanaeze Ndigbo yesterday while distancing itself from the group, said they were not consulted before the forming of the security outfit named… December 17, 2020 In "News"