•Prof Ibidapo-Obe  Professor Obe who until his announced demise was  a foremost  Nigerian professor of systems engineering, excellent educationist and public administrator of top standing is credited with being author of several ground-breaking academic  and professional works. Reports reaching The New Diplomat indicate that the prolific scholar may have died from complications arising from Covid-19 infection. Born on July 5, 1945, the eminent academic died at the age of 74. He succeeded late Professor Jellili Adebisi Omotola as Vice Chancellor of the University of Lagos. Prof  Obe  attended Lagos Street African Church Primary School, Ebute-Metta  and Obokun High School/Ilesa Grammar School  from 1962–1966, respectively. Thereafter, he attended  the prestigious  Igbobi College, Yaba from 1966–1968  in Lagos before proceeding to the University of Lagos where he took a degree in  Mathematics. He advanced abroad where took his Masters and PhD  and later served as served as a Visiting Research Associate Professor in the Department of Civil Engineering at the State University of New York at Buffalo, USA, among others. He was named Vice Chancellor of university  of Lagos in 2000, succeeding another brilliant academic, late Omotola. (New Diplomat) LAGOS - In compliance with the Code of Corporate Governance for Banks in Nigeria issued by the Central Bank of Nigeria, Professor Oyewusi Ibidapo-Obe and Mr. Gabriel Ita Asuque Ukpehas have been appointed as independent non-executive directors of the bank, subject to the approval of the CBN. Oyewusi Ibidapo-Obe is… March 17, 2016 In "News" Lagos- Authorities of the University of Lagos (UNILAG) on Friday said they had lifted the ban on students’ unionism. The Vice-Chancellor, Prof. Rahamon Bello, made the announcement at the institution’s 2014/2015 matriculation in Lagos. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the students union was proscribed in 2005 under the… January 23, 2015 In "News" Lagos  - Prof. Rahamon Bello, the Vice-Chancellor, University of Lagos, on Wednesday urged students union leaders in the institution to always embrace dialogue rather than confrontation. Bello made the plea at the swearing-in of the institution’s Students’ Union executives for the 2015/2016 academic session. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN)… December 10, 2015 In "News"