A northern group, Miyetti Allah Kautal Hore has been fingered as a politcal group created for po­litical purposes by a prominent northern politician, Dr. Junaid Mohammed. The elder statesman and Second Republic lawmaker while accusing President Muhammadu Buhari of creating the controversial group, lambasted its members for claiming that Fulanis own all lands in Nigeria. He made the accusation while reacting, in an interview with Daily Independent, to recent con­troversies sparked by the leader­ship of the organisation led by Bello Abdullahi Bodejo, the Na­tional President. Junaid Mohammed said: “You can see that the whole thing is nothing but politics. “Miyetti Allah was created by the likes of Buhari himself, late Shehu Yar’Adua, and others. They wanted to use it for pol­itics and, today, it is being used of Sokoto and others for politics. The same thing goes for the former Emir of Kano who was sacked, Sanusi.” by the likes of the Sultan While condemning the order by Governor Ak­eredolu, Junaid said while it was true that there were some bad elements who were perpetrating crimes, the governor should iden­tify them and charge them to court rather than issue a blanket statement asking all herdsmen on legal duty to leave. “If anything happens, you hear people screaming, ‘it is Fulani herdsmen’. Source Many people have asked me to weigh in on why the Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders’ Association of Nigeria not only endorsed President Muhammadu Buhari for this year’s presidential election but also chose to openly antagonize and demonize PDP presidential candidate Atiku Abubakar when, in fact, both Buhari and Abubakar are… January 16, 2019 In "Social Media Feeds" Miyetti Allah Kautel Hore President Abdullahi Bodejo National President of Miyetti Allah Kautel Hore socio-cultural organisation, Abdullahi Bodejo, has said that the arrest of some Fulani leaders over the recent crisis in Plateau State where about 20 persons were killed, was discriminatory. Bodejo said in an interview that if the… February 22, 2020 In "Interview" The Human Rights Writers Association of Nigeria (HURIWA), has faulted the reported apologies tendered by the Miyetti Allah Cattle owners Association over the killings of Benue state farmers just as the rights group has reiterated her call on the President Muhammadu Buhari-led administration to declare association as a terrorist group… October 28, 2019 In "Security"