Former BBNaija housemate, Cynthia ‘Cee-c’ Nwadiora has bluntly turned down an N8M Kayanmata deal while stating that she is ready to reject more.  Cee-c says she gets calls like this and decided to openly put a stop to it so that other intending brands can see too. According to her, if you sell Kayanmata, bleaching products and it’s like, her brand will not be ready to promote such, and so the intending client shouldn’t bother to message her. She revealed this on Instagram rolling out a note to that effect…. “Attention to all prospective brands/clients: First of all, I want to thank all my past and current clients for their support and patronage. I must say that y’all have been a blessing to the Ceec brand. And for that I am eternally grateful. Furthermore, as we begin the new year, I’d like to make a promise to prospective brands/clients, that I will work my ass off to ensure that your brands and businesses that I influence, succeed. That being said, I MUST make something clear: It’s not a race to being the most endorsed, for me. I’m not trying to be the most endorsed. I like money, but I also like abiding to certain moral and ethical principles and standards that supersede money. Therefore, to brands/businesses that have- and continue to- reach out to me to influence products such as Aphrodisiacs (i.e. Kayamata), body enhancement pills and/or products, and bleaching creams and/or products. Please be advised that I will not be influencing or supporting the aforementioned pills, creams or products and their likes. Not now, not ever, no matter the money offered. Now that that’s out of the way, I want to wish us all a productive and prosperous new year”. A post shared by Cynthia Nwadiora (Cee-C) (@ceec_official) CeeC who also signed a contract that has expired with Sapphire scents was also allegedly not in good terms with the brand until her contract expired.  These are not the best of times for BBNaija star Cynthia Nwadiora a.k.a Cee-C. According to confirmed insider whisperings,the reality star has fallen out with… September 16, 2019 In "Entertainment" By Edward Ojiah Abuja   -    Viewers of the Big Brother Naija “Double Wahala” reality TV show have expressed delight at Miracle’s victory and praised Cee c’s team for keeping her in the house despite being unpopular inside and outside the house. Viewers and fans took to social media… April 23, 2018 In "Entertainment" Some viewers of the ongoing reality show, BBNaija, `Double Wahala” edition have called on Biggie to disqualify or give Cee-C a strike for inflicting injury on fellow housemate, Lolu. Cee-c while paired with Lolu and instructed not to interact with other housemates except him unhooked her “bond” from Lolu, after… February 15, 2018 In "Entertainment"