By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –   The Federal Government has extended the deadline for Nigerians to register and link their National Identification Number (NIN) to their SIM cards before February 9, 2021. This information was posted on the official Twitter handle of the NIMC. The NIMC had initially given a January 19 deadline for those with NIN and February 9 for those without NIN. The tweet reads: “All Nigerians and legal residents are advised to enroll for their national identification number (NIN) and link them before February 9th, 2021. Enroll for your national identification NUMBER (NIN) today!!! “Please remember, NIN enrollment is FREE.” Earlier on Tuesday, the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) released a statement signed by its Director of Public Affairs, Dr. Ikechukwu Adinde. Adinde said at the end of a review meeting on January 18, 2021, the Technical Implementation Committee reported significant progress in the ongoing NIN-SIM linkage exercise. A total of 47.8 million NINs have been received by the mobile operators, at an average of three to four SIMs per subscriber. The Nigerian Communications Commission on Wednesday said it was awaiting the advice of the Federal Government as regards the deadline for the integration of Subscriber Identification Modules with valid National Identity Numbers. It also stated that the earlier announced deadlines were still in force despite the clamour for extension or… January 14, 2021 In "News" ‌ The Federal Government on Sunday insisted that the deadlines given for the registration of all Subscriber Identification Modules with valid National Identity Numbers were still in force. It also declared that the NIN was mandatory for diplomats who reside in Nigeria, as well as for all other lawful residents… January 18, 2021 In "News" The National Identity Management Commission, on Wednesday, says National Identification Number holders are required to pay N15,000 to correct their dates of birth in the commission’s database. NIMC Regional Coordinator, Funmi Opesanwo, stated this on Wednesday at the commission’s office in the Alausa area of Lagos State. According to her,… January 6, 2021 In "News"