Oyinlola, who was appointed by the PDP Caretaker Committee loyal to Makinde, visited Fayose in his Ibadan residence on Wednesday and many believed that the crisis appeared to have been resolved.  However, a source at the meeting told our correspondent in Ibadan on Thursday that Fayose and his allies at the meeting rejected the Oyinlola-led reconciliatory committee because the committee was allegedly unilaterally picked by Makinde. The source said, “Those at the meeting blamed Makinde for the crisis in South-West PDP. They accused him of sponsoring insurrection against duly constituted organs of the party in Ekiti, Osun and Ogun states. “On the South-West zonal congress, they said since it was Makinde that brought the idea that the Eddy Olafeso-led zonal executives should return, the governor should be told to be a man of his words by supporting Eddy Olafeso.” The Chairman of Oyo State Pacesetters Transport Company, Dare Adeleke, had recently said there was not agreement between Makinde and the PDP leaders that Olafeso should be allowed to return as the zonal chairman if he failed in the Ondo State governorship poll. ‌But when our correspondent contacted Mr Taiwo Adisa, the Chief Press Secretary to Makinde on the telephone on Thursday, he said he had nothing to say, adding that those talking should say anything they liked. Source The Southwest chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has been hit by crisis, following irreconcilable differences between its zonal leader, Oyo State Governor Seyi Makinde and former Ekiti State Governor Ayodele Fayose. The bone of contention is the outcome of the Ekiti PDP parallel congresses, which produced two chairmen,… September 10, 2020 In "Politics" By Yinusa Ishola Ado-Ekiti - Mr Eddy Olafeso, the immediate past National Vice Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), in South-West on Sunday said ex-Gov Ayodele Fayose remained a critical voice in the party’s affair in the region. Olafeso made the clarification in Ado-Ekiti during a meeting with the… September 14, 2020 In "Politics" Oyo State Governor, Mr Seyi Makinde, has said those jostling to become the president on the platform of the All Progressives Congress in 2023 should bury their ambitions because God and the Nigerian people have rejected the party. Recall that Makinde had on Tuesday said the urgent need of Nigerians… December 18, 2020 In "Politics"