The General Overseer of Omega Fire Ministries International, Apostle Johnson Suleman, has dismissed reports the Inspector-General of Police, Mohammed Adamu, ordered for his probe over allegations that he slept with wife of an estranged Pastor Mike Davids. Davids had accused the popular preacher of sleeping with his wife, Pastor Faith Edeko, who heads the Utako, Abuja branch of the church. In his petition to the police, he also said Apostles Suleman was threatening him and denying him access to his children. However, Apostle Suleman, via his verified Twitter handle, @APOSTLESULEMAN, reacted to reports he was under police probe over the petition. He dismissed the report, stating there was nothing of such. He tweeted: “IGP orders probe on me? Where, when? Maybe my ghost. Just reading stories now. Please discard. There is no such thing.” The Nation had reported the IGP ordered the probe of Apostle Suleman in letter addressed to the Deputy Inspector-General of Police, Force Intelligence Bureau, Garki, dated January 5, 2021. The letter with reference number CB:7000/IGP.SEC/ABJ/Vol.515/561, was signed by the Principal Staff Officer II to the Inspector-General of Police, ACP Iliya Doma. It was in response to a petition by V.C Ezenagu & Associates on behalf of the aggrieved Pastor Davids. The letter was titled: ‘Re: Criminal Petition Against Apostle Johnson Suleman for Enticement of a Married Woman; Adultery; Unlawful Criminal Restraint to Access Children and Threat to Life’. It reads in part: “I attach herewith a copy of a letter dated December 30, 2020 with its attachments received from V.C Ezenagu & Associates on the above-underlined subject. The Inspector-General of Police directs that you treat. Accept the assurances of my esteemed regards please.” Davids, in a video, had alleged: “Apostle Suleman has damaged my life. I have not seen my wife and children for two years and Apostle Suleman says if I ever go near them, he will have me taken out. I have a video where he said he will make me disappear. I don’t want to lose my life.” However, his wife, Pastor Faith Edeko, in a video, described her husband’s allegations as cheap blackmail. “I don’t know what you hope to achieve, I don’t know who paid you but the only thing I will say is haven’t you done enough? Are you not tired of flogging someone’s daughter in pain?” she had said. Resident Pastor, Omega Fire ministry, Headquarters, Joseph Iyare, said Davids “frustrated by his own evil deeds.” The Nation A Nigerian singer who is based in Canada has accused the fiery man of God of impregnating her and abandoning her to her fate. A Canada-based Nigerian singer, Stephanie Otobo, has dragged fiery man of God, Apostle Johnson Suleman to a court for allegedly impregnating her, promising her marriage and… March 6, 2017 In "News" Senior pastor of Omega Fire Ministries, Apostle Johnson Suleman, has said that four herdsmen were caught close to his church plotting an attack. The preacher said in a tweet late Tuesday that the suspected herdsmen could not be found in the police cell after they were handed over. According to… July 3, 2019 In "News" Apostle Johnson Suleman, the Senior Pastor of Omega Fire Ministries, has reacted to the apology offered to the founder of Living Faith Church, Bishop David Oyedepo by controversial On-Air Personality, Daddy Freeze, over an old clip. Freeze took to his social media pages, to upload a video of him saying… September 13, 2020 In "News"