The Federal Government has disclosed plans to give the sum of N20, 000 grants to 247 Fulani women.  The female beneficiaries are under the umbrella of Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria (MACBAN) and it is expected that the grant will improve their economic well-being and also take care of their families. The Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Sadiya Farouq revealed this when she launched the Federal Government Special Cash Grant for Rural Women at the Fulani settlement of Hutawa in Kebbi State. The Minister, during the launch, said: “I am delighted to see that these Fulani women are being taught the modern methods of yoghurt production using cow milk. “This will go a long way in empowering them to be self-reliant and able to provide for their families. “I enjoin all the Fulani women who have received this training by the Kebbi State government to put it to practice as this will also improve the economic status of not just the women but also the state and country at large.” The Special Cash Grant for Rural women has so far been launched in 16 states, including Plateau, Sokoto, Imo, Ebonyi, Nassarawa, Kebbi, Katsina, Bauchi, Taraba, Ekiti, Ondo, Adamawa, Gombe, Kano, Jigawa and Zamfara states. Source By Olukayode Babalola Lafia -   Nasarawa Government has empowered no fewer than 150 women across the state with N20, 000 each as startup grant to establish businesses following their recent skills acquisitions training. Gov. Abdullahi Sule made this known in Lafia on Tuesday at the disbursement of the grant to… September 8, 2020 In "News" "Useful idiot" is a political term which is often used to describe the misguided supporters of an unreasonable, irrespo­nsible, ill-conceived and ill-advised cause. First coined in wes­tern Europe in the late 19th century, the term was made all the more popular by its usage in Mona Ch­aren's excellent book titled… March 26, 2018 In "Opinion" On October 18, 1990, the United States, in a National Intelligence Estimate (NIE), predicted the end of a country which was behaving almost as Nigeria is behaving now. It said, “Yugoslavia will cease to function as a federal state within a year, and will probably dissolve within two. Economic reform… July 2, 2019 In "Opinion"