At least 1,927 persons have called for the sacking of the First City Monument Bank Managing Director, Adam Nuru, over alleged infidelity with a former worker with the bank, Moyo Thomas.  The petition is requesting the Central Bank of Nigeria and the FCMB board to dismiss Nuru on ethical grounds. It came on the heels of the death of Moyo’s estranged husband, Tunde Thomas, who reportedly died of depression about two weeks ago after Moyo reportedly told him some months ago that her two kids were fathered by Nuru. Moyo had reportedly left Tunde and travelled to the United States with the kids, informing him that the children were not his when she got to the US. Tunde was said to have been down with stroke but later recovered. It was gathered that Tunde tried to put the matter behind and decided to remarry. He reportedly suffered a cardiac arrest and died two days to the introduction with his new girlfriend. The petition posted on an online platform, change.org, had been signed by 1,927 persons as of 11pm out of the 2,500 target. The petition read in part, “This is a case of gross misconduct based on ethical grounds and an unjustifiable economic oppression by the elites (Adam Nuru) against the less privileged (sic) in the society. The MD has been doing everything possible to sweep this case under the carpet. “We implore the Central Bank of Nigeria as the apex regulator and the board of FCMB to investigate this for the integrity of the bank and Nigerian banking industry. This is a case too many, while I agree that this is not the full story, the barest minimum will be an investigation to this unethical conduct by the current MD of FCMB, Bank Adam Nuru.” Reacting to the allegations, the bank said its board of directors had commenced investigation into the matter to ascertain whether its code of ethics was violated. But when one of our correspondents asked whether Nuru would continue to act as the MD of the bank while the investigation was ongoing, the bank’s spokesperson, Mr Diran Olojo, said, “That is the company’s position. I don’t want a situation whereby you quote me on something that is way out of my jurisdiction to speak.” Asked when the outcome of the investigation would be made public, he said, “I am not on the board. The board will be in the best position to determine. That is the position of the board. As the spokesperson, that is what I was made to disseminate to the media. I can’t go outside the jurisdiction of my role.” However, the statement sent to Sunday PUNCH by Olojo on behalf of the company read, “We are aware of several stories circulating across several media platforms about our bank’s Managing Director, Adam Nuru, a former employee, Ms Moyo Thomas, and her deceased husband, Mr Tunde Thomas. “While this is a personal matter, the tragedy of the death of Mr Tunde Thomas and the allegations of unethical conduct require the bank’s board to conduct a review of what transpired, any violations of our code of ethics and the adequacy of this code of conduct ethics. This will be done immediately. We enjoin all our stakeholders to bear with us as we conduct this review and to please respect the various families involved.” Source ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - Senator Lanre Tejouso on Sunday accused the management of the First City Monument Bank (FCMB) of blackmail for publishing his name among its list of purported debtors. In a statement sent to Sundiata Post, the Senator representing Ogun Central in the upper chamber said his company, Suzzatej… August 9, 2015 In "News" LAGOS (Sundiata Post) - As the liquidity crisis in the Nigerian banking sector deepens, more banks have announced their intention to raise additional capital to support their operations. Wema Bank had earlier revealed plans to raise N20 billion through debt. ‎ Diamond Bank and First City Monument Bank (FCMB) have… August 4, 2016 In "Business" JOHANNESBURG - Sacked Old Mutual CEO Peter Moyo intends to return to his desk next week, his lawyer said on Friday after a South African court dismissed the insurer’s attempt to block his temporary reinstatement. Moyo was fired in June in relation to a dispute over a conflict of interest,… September 6, 2019 In "Foreign"