Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Twitter Inc said it has suspended more than 70,000 accounts since Friday that were primarily dedicated to sharing QAnon content after last week’s violence in Washington when supporters of President Donald Trump stormed the U.S. Capitol. “Given the violent events in Washington, DC, and increased risk of harm, we began permanently suspending thousands of accounts that were primarily dedicated to sharing QAnon content on Friday afternoon”, Twitter said in a blog late on Monday. “These accounts were engaged in sharing harmful QAnon-associated content at scale and were primarily dedicated to the propagation of this conspiracy theory across the service”, the company said. QAnon backers have pushed conspiracies on social media that include the baseless claim that Trump secretly is fighting a cabal of child-sex predators, among them prominent Democrats, figures in Hollywood and “deep state” allies. Twitter had said on Friday it would permanently suspend accounts pushing QAnon content, banning prominent right-wing boosters of its conspiracy theories. The storming of the Capitol building last week by Trump supporters delayed the certification of Biden’s election victory. Lawmakers were forced to flee, as the building was mobbed by the president’s supporters who overwhelmed security forces. Five people died in the violence including one Capitol Police officer who was beaten as he tried to ward off the crowds.(Reuters). Twitter and Facebook suspended Donald Trump on Wednesday over posts accused of inflaming violence in the US Capitol, as social media scrambled to respond to mayhem by supporters buying into his baseless attacks on the integrity of the election. The unprecedented sanctions came after the president took to social media… January 7, 2021 In "Foreign" By Ben CollinsAt the end of another long shift treating coronavirus patients, Dr. Hadi Halazun opened his Facebook page to find a man insisting to him that "no one's dying" and that the coronavirus is "fake news" drummed up by the news media. Hadi tried to engage and explain his… May 7, 2020 In "Foreign" Democrat Joe Biden claimed Wednesday he was winning America’s knife-edge election, but President Donald Trump shot right back by predicting his own victory and accusing his opponent of trying to “steal” the vote. Appearing before supporters in his hometown of Wilmington, Delaware, after midnight, Biden said “we believe we’re on… November 4, 2020 In "Foreign"