The renewed communal clash between Aguleri and Umueri in Anambra East local government area of Anambra State, has claimed the lives of two persons. Also, no fewer than four vehicles were burnt, including buildings, many others were injured in the clash Aguleri is Governor Willie Obiano’s Community, while Senator Emma Anosike hails from Umueri  The two communities had between 1998/99 waged war against themselves, where scores of people were killed and property worth millions of naira were destroyed. The war ended in 2002. An eyewitness, who pleaded anonymity from one of the Communities, told The Nation Saturday that already, two persons had been killed while many others had injuries. The Nation further gathered that the renewed mayhem was caused by a piece of land bringing to one of the Communities. According to the source, “the age-long war between Aguleri and Umueri was ignited this morning over land dispute. “The inability of the Governor Willie Obiano government to create boundary between the two towns is the main reason fuelling this latest discord”. Confirming the report, the State Police Public Relations Officer, Haruna Mohammed, a Chief Supritendent of Police CSP, said no life was lost However, he said properties, including vehicles and a house were burnt in the crisis, adding that the situation had been broughtt under control Haruna said the command had deployed troops to quell the situation, while he said investigation had equally commenced to ascertain circumstances surrounding the incident.  He said, ” On Saturday at about 7.15am there was a report of crisis between Umueri and Aguleri communities both in Anambra East LGA of Anambra State over a disputed area of land which both communities were laying claim of ownership. “Following the distress,the command quickly dispatched joint police teams comprising PMF/RRS and other conventional units in collaboration with other security agencies led by the Deputy Commissioner of Police in charge of operations ,Salman Dogo to the scene.Situation was brought under control, while joint patrol is still ongoing to restore normalcy in the affected areas. “No loss of lives and injuries have been reported. However,One building,four vehicles and two motorcycles were set ablaze by the warring factions. “Consequently, the Commissioner of Police, John Abang, has directed the State CID Awka to carry out discreet investigation in order to ascertain circumstances surrounding the incident and bring perpetrators to book. “The CP also warned both parties to maintain peace and explore the legal avenues to resolve their grievances without resorting to violence. “He further assured both parties that he would contact the State Government to intervene in the matter in order to find lasting solution to the lingering problem,” Haruna said. The Nation There is tension in Governor Willie Obiano’s five communities that make up Aguleri in Anambra East local government area, as they demand the removal of two traditional rulers for being part of the trip to Abuja. As a result, they marched round the area yesterday, protesting against the two monarchs… August 17, 2020 In "News" Following the suspension of 12 traditional rulers in Anambra State by the government for traveling outside the State without permission, there are moves by the government to replace two of them. Two of the traditional rulers, The Nation gathered Friday, are those of Mkpunando and Eziagulu -Otu Communities, both in… August 21, 2020 In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - No fewer than three persons were on Friday feared killed over leadership tussle in Umueri community in the Anambra East local government area of Anambra State. It was gathered that the fracas might not be unconnected with a power tussle between the traditional ruler of the… August 23, 2019 In "News"