Nigerian singers Simi and Adekunle Gold, have sent some very loving words to each other to celebrate their second wedding anniversary today January 13. It will be recalled that the couple had their white wedding in January 2019 and have since welcomed a baby girl. They took to their Instagram pages this morning to profess their love for each other. Simi wrote: ”2 years. Well, 2 years on government paper and 7 years since I gree for you, you lucky man. Through a pregnancy. With a baby we’re both unashamedly obsessed with. Through a pandemic. And it’s still you. I’ve never had to wonder if you’re in my corner. You’re still the best man I know. You should have been your own best man (don’t leave me). One of my favorite things about you is that you’re a really, really good person. I like you a lot. I’m so proud to know you and be your wife. I pray that God continues to be the foundation of our marriage and home. I love you Kunle Kosoko. Now, forever and one extra day, and then another, and then another, and then another, ati be?be? lo… Happy Anniversary Baby PS: My wedding was totally the best wedding party I’ve ever been in my life. Lol.” A post shared by Simi (@symplysimi) On his part, Adekunle wrote: ”I look back to the first day I met you. A post shared by AG Baby (@adekunlegold) I had just left the office, so excited that you had finally given me the audience to see you. This local boy put on a white byc vest and a pair of new lilac pants bought specially for the occasion; I even made sure I was there earlier so I had front row seats. I watched you talk, sing, laugh and dance and Omo I knew that very day that I wanted to be in your life. I knew that day that I wanted my forever to be you. Here we are, all three of us, talking, dancing, singing, laughing and doing this this called life together. With you, I have been blessed with so much, so much, it’s too much to count. I love you Simi. Forever your steward. By Busayo Onijala Lagos, - Nigerian singer, Simisola Ogunleye, aka, Simi has celebrated her husband, Adekunle Gold on his 32nd birthday. The duo got married in a private ceremony earlier in the year with 300 guests in attendance. Award winning Simi took to her Instagram account to convey sweet words… January 28, 2019 In "Entertainment" By Anita Eboigbe   Abuja   -      Musicians Folarin ‘Falz’ Falana and Ric Hassani have joined fans to react to the ongoing wedding between Adekunle Gold and Simisola Ogunleye. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that news of the wedding between the two music stars broke on Wednesday morning causing a… January 9, 2019 In "Entertainment" By Maureen Okon Abuja - Akah Nnani, the Africa Movie Academy Award winner for Best Supporting Role is engaged to his long-term sweetheart Claire Iderawunmi, and are set to tie the knot later in the year. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports on Wednesday that Nnani, >is a Nigerian… January 30, 2019 In "Entertainment"