The exit of Nigeria’s former service chiefs relieved of their duty today by President Muhammadu Buhari has elicited reactions on social media.  While many hailed the move by the president, others expressed pessimism that the new chiefs would do little in the fight against insurgency and general insecurity in the country. They said unless the new service chiefs are given a new playbook by the president, nothing will change in terms of security in Nigeria. Others bemoaned the lack of inclusion of an Igbo person in the new appointments. Two appointments by Buhari stood out, according to social media buffs. The new Chief of Army Staff, Ibrahim Attahiru, who replaces Buratai was said to have been sacked by him in 2017 as Theatre Commander of Operation Lafia Dole. According to a report by TheCable, Buratai gave Attahiru an ultimatum to deliver Boko Haram leader, Abubakar Shekau. Attahiru reportedly failed in the task and was sacked as a Theatre Commander in 2017. A story by the BBC said Attahiru was redeployed to an unspecified post in 2017. No official reason was given for Maj Gen Ibrahim Attahiru’s removal. Buratai gave him a deadline in July 2017 to deliver Boko Haram leader Abubakar Shekau dead or alive within 40 days. Air Vice Marshal Isiaka Amao, was born on 14 September 1965 at Enugu. He hails from Oshogbo in LGA of Osun State. He enlisted into the Nigerian Air Force on January 19, 1984 as a member of the 35 Regular Course of the Nigerian Defence Academy. He had previously served… January 26, 2021 In "News" By Johnson Eyiangho Abuja -   The Chief of Army Staff, Lt.-Gen. Tukur Buratai, has has directed Maj.-Gen. Ibrahim Attahiru, the Theatre Commander, Operation Lafiya Dole, Maiduguri, to capture Abubakar Shekau, self-styled leader of the Boko Haram sect, “dead or alive”. Buratai further directed the Theatre commander to do so… July 22, 2017 In "Security" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - President Muhammadu Buhari has given the service chiefs matching order to end insurgency, militancy, armed robbery, kidnappings and other crimes within three months. He has also warned the service chiefs who were appointed on July 13, with the Senate confirming their appointments on August 4, not to joke… August 13, 2015 In "News"