Borussia Dortmund are putting a Jadon Sancho contingency plan in place amid fears of a Manchester United transfer, Daily Star reports.  Sancho was linked with a move to Old Trafford throughout the summer transfer window, and he has experienced an indifferent season in the Bundesliga since the speculation. France Football claim Dortmund are now preparing for his sale as they look to end Bayern Munich’s domestic dominance. Stuttgart forward Tanguy Coulibaly has been identified as a “replacement” for the England international. Napoli owner Aurelio De Laurentiis has warned Manchester United and Liverpool they must offer at least £100m if they want to sign Kalidou Koulibaly this month, The Sun reports. Liverpool are desperate for centre-back reinforcements after Virgil van Dijk and Joe Gomez suffered long-term injuries, and their interest in the 29-year-old Senegal defender has been known for some time. Koulibaly, whose contract expires in summer 2023, has played in 18 games for Napoli this season, helping keep seven clean sheets. De Laurentiis spoke to Jim White, and the Sky Sports News’ presenter relayed his conversation on talkSPORT. “This morning, I spoke to Aurelio De Laurentiis, the Napoli owner, and said what about your player, are there bids in for him? He laughed it off saying he’s not for sale. “It seems on this occasion Koulibaly is going nowhere. He stays and that was as recent as this morning. Anyone going in with anything other than £100million for Koulibaly can forget it. “He’s absolutely not for sale unless one of the big clubs in England come up with £100million.” Source Borussia Dortmund boss, Hans-Joachim Watzke, has disclosed that Manchester United are yet to strike a deal on Jadon Sancho. United have made the 20-year-old their number one target this summer, but they are finding it difficult to strike a deal with Dortmund even after agreeing on personal terms with Sancho.… August 6, 2020 In "Sports" The UEFA Champions League 2017-2018 draw has been announced and the competition gets tougher as the 8 groups battle for the coveted title. An assessment of the eight groups in the Champions League following the draw in Monte Carlo Today. GROUP A -  BENFICA, MANCHESTER UNITED, BASEL, CSKA MOSCOW Jose… August 24, 2017 In "Sports" Abuja  -   Liverpool Football Club of England will face rivals Manchester United FC in the Europa League last 16, while Tottenham Hotspurs have been drawn against Bundesliga giants Borussia Dortmund. The draw was held on Friday in Nyon, Switzerland. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the games… February 26, 2016 In "Sports"