US House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said Sunday she would push ahead with efforts to remove President Donald Trump from office during the final days of his administration after his supporters’ violent attack on the Capitol.  Pelosi, the top Democrat in Congress, said there would be a resolution in the House of Representatives on Monday calling for the cabinet to remove Trump as unfit for office under the constitution’s 25th amendment. If Vice President Mike Pence does not agree, “we will proceed with bringing impeachment legislation” to the floor of the House of Representatives, Pelosi said. “In protecting our Constitution and our Democracy, we will act with urgency, because this President represents an imminent threat to both,” she said. “As the days go by, the horror of the ongoing assault on our democracy perpetrated by this President is intensified and so is the immediate need for action.” Trump was already impeached once by the Democratic-controlled House — in December 2019 for pressuring the leader of Ukraine to dig up political dirt on Joe Biden. He was acquitted by the Republican-majority Senate. Though time is running short, Democrats likely have the votes in the House to impeach Trump again and could even draw some Republican support for the move. ‌But they are unlikely to muster the two-thirds majority needed to convict Trump in the 100-member Senate and remove him from office. Trump’s successor Joe Biden is due to be inaugurated on January 20. AFP Washington - U.S. President Donald Trump took to Twitter to ask his millions of followers to say a prayer, as the House of Representatives was readying to impeach a president for only the third time in the country’s history.“Can you believe that I will be impeached today by the Radical… December 18, 2019 In "Foreign" By Ken Bredemeier •President Donald Trump speaks during a campaign rally at Kellogg Arena, Dec. 18, 2019, in Battle Creek, Mich U.S. President Donald Trump was impeached by the House of Representatives Wednesday night, accused of abusing the power of the presidency to benefit himself politically and then obstructing congressional… December 19, 2019 In "Foreign" Washington -  U.S. President Donald Trump on Tuesday disagreed with top democrats over the implementation of the President’s border security. In a dinner meeting attended by Vice President Mike Pence and two prominent democrats, the U.S. Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer and House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi, it was an… December 11, 2018 In "Foreign"