By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –   At least person was reportedly shot and wounded Wednesday inside the US Capitol amid chaotic scenes in Washington as supporters of President Donald Trump stormed the building in anger over his election defeat. “One shooting victim was transported from the Capitol,” a person attached to an emergency response unit told AFP, adding that there were “other injuries” in the chaotic protests and that the situation remained fluid. The Washington Post reported that police said the victim was a white female shot in the shoulder, and CNN said she was in critical condition at a local hospital. Swarming MobHours after an extraordinary rally by Trump challenging his defeat, his flag-waving backers broke down barricades outside the Capitol and swarmed inside, with the special session going into an emergency recess as protesters entered the chambers. The chaos at the Capitol, which was put under lockdown, came one day after Biden enjoyed a new triumph as his Democratic Party looked set to win two Senate runoff seats, handing full control of Congress. Police fired tear gas as they struggled to remove a sea of protesters who took aim, at Trump’s urging, at what for more than two centuries had been a quiet, ceremonial session to confirm the election’s winner. “The President of the United States is inciting a coup. We will not be intimidated. We will not be deterred,” tweeted Democratic Representative Karen Bass.Representative Val Demings likewise denounced the storming of the Capitol as evidence of “a coup in progress” — in words echoed by half a dozen lawmakers. Representative Elaine Luria said she had to evacuate because of a report of a pipe bomb and said she believed she heard gunshots. “I don’t recognize our country today and the members of Congress who have supported this anarchy do not deserve to represent their fellow Americans,” she said. Washington -  An Ohio man who allegedly told Capitol Police he was proud of a Facebook post suggesting Representative Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez“should be shot” was arrested at his Toledo residence Thursday. Timothy James Ireland Jr, 41, was charged in US District Court in Toledo with one count of being a felon in possession of a firearm, one count of being a fugitive… August 10, 2019 In "News" Washington  -  U.S. President Donald Trump said he is deeply saddened’ by Wednesday’s shooting which involved members of Congress who were practicing for a charity baseball game outside Washington. “We are deeply saddened by this tragedy, our thoughts and prayers are with the members of Congress, their staffs, Capitol Police,… June 14, 2017 In "Foreign" Several people were shot dead by soldiers who attacked protesters at the Lekki toll gate last month, according to the testimony by three #EndSARS protesters. The protesters also revealed the identities of 22 persons alleged to have suffered gunshot wounds during the October 20 shootings by the military and police… November 16, 2020 In "News"