Death has occurred of the former chief of air staff, Air Marshall Nsikak Eduok. Eduok died Wednesday night at age 73. A family source disclosed that the retired Air Force boss from Akwa Ibom State did not die from COVID-19 as widely speculated in the social media. According to the source, Eduok died from kidney related illness which had kept him on the hospital bed for many months before he finally breathed his last Wednesday night (yesterday). “I can tell you categorically that his death has nothing to do with Coronavirus. The man has been on the hospital bed for some time now. He was suffering from kidney related illness,” disclosed the source. Our source further hinted that the death of the former Air Force chief was yet to be made known to the public. “We (family) are waiting for the state government to officially inform the Nigerian Airforce first, it is after that his death will be officially announced by the state government,” said the source. Recall that Eduok’s death comes on the heels of that of Wing Commander Idongesit Nkanga, another retired Air Force officer and former Military Administrator of Akwa Ibom State who reportedly died from COVID-19 related ailments. Born on July 11, 1947, Nsikak-Abasi Essien Eduok was born at Ibesikpo Asutan local government in Akwa Ibom State. After his education, he began working for VON for a short while as a studio manager. In 1968 Nsikak enrolled in the NAF as a probable pilot. Air Marshal Nsikak Eduok obtained his first military exercise from the Nigerian Defence Academy before going for his principal flying training in 1970. In 1971 after completing his principal training he went through the Basic Flying training course and emerged the best overall student. In that same year he was assigned Second Lieutenant. Between 1971 and 1986 he attended several flying courses which included Advanced and Tactical Flying training course, Aircraft Accident Investigation course, MiG-21 Conversion Course in the Soviet Union, Advanced Staff Course in United Kingdom. In 1991, he attended USAF Air War College in Alabama where he graduated in 1992. Between 1975 and 1976, Nsikak Eduok was the first Operations Officer of the Makurdi Strike Group. He was Commanding Officer of NAF Station, Enugu and the first Commander of the 75th Fighter Squadron. Nsikak Eduok also has a street “Nsikak Eduok Avenue” in Akwa Ibom named after him. (News Express) A medical doctor and Chief Resident of Surgery Department University of Uyo Teaching Hospital (UUTH) in Akwa Ibom State, Dr David Daniel is currently receiving treatment for a broken arm sustained from police brutality. Information reaching News Express has it that the medial doctor was taking his pregnant wife in… April 4, 2020 In "News" Abuja-  Tunisian top football clubside Esperance have confirmed the signing of Nigerian forward Emem Eduok. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) recalls that Eduok was the second highest goalscorer in the 2013/2014 Nigeria Professional Football League (NPFL) season. This was after he scored 21 goals for Dolphins Football Club of… January 5, 2015 In "Sports" Former Director-General of the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority, Capt. Muhtar Usman, is dead. Usman died on Tuesday night at a hospital in Zaria after a brief illness. He died at the age of 63. The President of the Air Transport Services Senior Staff Association of Nigeria, Illitrus Ahmadu, confirmed his… December 2, 2020 In "News"