Abdulmumuni Ningi, a former member of the Bauchi State House of Assembly, has been kidnapped by some gunmen on Thursday night.  The Bauchi State Police Command confirmed the kidnap of the former lawmaker, who represented Ningi Constituency in the last Assembly. The Bauchi Police Public Relations Officer, Ahmed Wakil, told our correspondent on the telephone Friday morning that the victim was kidnapped within Bauchi metropolis. Wakil said, “Yes, it is true. A former member of the Bauchi State House of Assembly who represented Ningi Constituency was kidnapped on Thursday at about 8pm within Bauchi metropolis. “According to the information we received, he was trailed by his abductors who were four in number in a gold coloured car. They trailed him to his house around the BSADP (Bauchi State Agricultural Development Programme) area at Isa Yuguda Guest House within the metropolis.” He said that the gunmen seized their victim and drove away with him in the car they brought. He said, “As of this morning (Friday), they have not called yet. Our intelligence men are working hard to get to the root of the situation and rescue him safely.” The Command’s spokesman called on residents to be more security conscious, and take note of vehicles and motorcycles that may be trailing them. Source By Huseyn Mbar Bauchi -A member of the Bauchi State House of Assembly representing Baraza/Dass constituency, Alhaji Musa Mante, has been killed by suspected gunmen. A source, who pleaded anonymity, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Bauchi that Mante was killed on Thursday at his residence in Dass.… August 14, 2020 In "News" A lawmaker in the Bauchi State House of Assembly, Musa Baraza, is dead, According to The PUNCH. It was gathered that Baraza was killed by gunmen on Thursday night at his residence in the Dass Local Government Area. The lawmaker represented Dass Constituency in the House before his murder. The… August 14, 2020 In "News" The elder brother of Governor Bala Mohammed of Bauchi State, Alhaji Adamu Mohammed Duguri, has recounted his ordeals in the hands of kidnappers. He declared that N50 million ransom was paid to secure his release. Duguri, who regained freedom after spending 13 days in kidnappers’ den, said security agents had… April 22, 2020 In "News"