By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Chieftain of the All Progressives Congress, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu has congratulated the Senate President, Ahmed Lawan on the ocassion of his 62nd birthday. Tinubu in a goodwill message via his twitter account, commended the Senate President who according to him, has helped the cause of national governance by providing consistent, collegial leadership in the Senate. Tinubu’s congratulatory message reads: “I join the family, friends, colleagues, and associates of the President of the Senate, Dr. Ahmed Lawan, in congratulating him on his 62nd birthday. We thank God for the gift of life and for giving him the health and vigour to witness another birthday. Dr Ahmed Lawan has helped the cause of national governance by providing consistent, collegial leadership in the Senate. This comes as no surprise given his academic background and legislative experience. As President of the Senate and Chairman of the National Assembly, he has helped foster a harmonious relationship between the Legislature and Executive. This cooperative relationship has facilitated the passage of important legislation for the benefit of the nation. I commend Senate President Lawan for his efforts to improve the legislative performance of the Senate and to forge a productive relationship with the Executive branch. May he continue along this proper and vital path. As he turns 62, our prayers are with him as we ask Beneficent and Munificent Almighty Allah to grant him even greater wisdom, vitality, and many more years to live a good and full life and continue in the service of our beloved country. By Kingsley Okoye Abuja - President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, has felicitated with the National Leader of All Progressive Congress (APC), Sen. Bola Tinubu, who turns 68 on March 29. Lawan in a statement by his Special Adviser on Media, Ola Awoniyi on Saturday, said Tinubu, a former Senator… March 28, 2020 In "News" A Chieftain of the All Progressives Congress, Segun Osinkolu, has declared that any attempt to bring down or rubbish the party’s National Leader, Aiswaju Ahmed Bola Tinubu, will backfire. Osinkolu, an ex-Senatorial aspirant, advised the party to immediately address the leadership tussle in the National Assembly which, he said, could… June 19, 2015 In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - National Leader of the All Progressives Congress, Ahmed Tinubu has urged the Senate President, Ahmed Lawan and House of Representatives Speaker, Femi Gbajabiamila and their deputies to see the offices entrusted on them as sacred. Tinubu gave the advise in a congratulatory statement… June 13, 2019 In "News"