President Muhammadu Buhari has expressed sympathy and solidarity with victims of the Sokoto Central Market fire incident. In a statement issued by his Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, Mallam Garba Shehu, the President noted that the incident must have, without doubt, been traumatic for its victims. “I am deeply moved by this fire incident because of its huge adverse impact on the economic life of the people who struggle daily to earn a living. “To see your investments go up in flames is particularly painful and I sincerely send my heartfelt sympathy and solidarity with all the victims and pray to God to replenish your losses,” he said. While directing federal aid agencies to respond to the urgent needs of the victims of the disaster, President Buhari called on market authorities to train traders and facility managers on basic safety precautions to forestall the frequency of fire outbreaks. According to him, “once the traders are trained on the risk factors, it will go a long way to minimize the frequency of fire outbreaks at business places.’’ The Nation By Ismaila Chafe   Abuja   -      President Muhammadu Buhari on Sunday sympathised with the victims of Jos Terminus Market where more than 200 shops were destroyed by fire. Buhari expressed his feelings in a statement issued by Malam Garba Shehu, his Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, in Abuja… July 22, 2018 In "News" Sokoto -  A fire outbreak on Sunday night destroyed goods and properties worth millions of naira at the old market in Sokoto. The News Agency of Nigeria ( NAN)reports that the fire, which started around 10.00pm lasted for about three hours before it was put off by firemen, traders and… July 25, 2016 In "News" Abuja -  President Muhammadu Buhari has sympathized with the victims of the fire incidents in Sabon Gari Market, Kano State and Birnin Kebbi Central Market in Kebbi. A statement issued in Abuja on Saturday by Mallam Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity to the president, said President… March 26, 2016 In "News"