Adamu Garba, a former presidential aspirant has withdrawn the lawsuit filed against Twitter CEO, Jack Dorsey during the #EndSARS protests in the country.  Garba had filed the suit against Dorsey before a Federal High Court in Abuja over his alleged sponsorship of the recent #EndSARS protests in parts of the country. The motion on notice was brought pursuant to order II Rules 1, 2, 3 of the Fundamental Rights (Enforcement Procedure) Rules, 2009 and Sections 34(1), 35(1) and 41(1) and 43 of the 1999 Constitution. But Garba in a tweet on Monday said the purpose of taking the Twitter founder to court had been achieved. Adamu Garba, a businessman, had, on October 20, through his lawyer, Abbas Ajiya, filed the suit, praying the court to direct Dorsey to stop the operation of Twitter International Company in any part of Nigeria. Garba, who is the CEO of IPI Group Limited, said the suit was filed to enforce his fundamental rights pursuant to Provisions of Order II Rules 1, 2, and 3 of the Fundamental Rights Rules 2009, Sections 34(1), 35(1), 41(1), 43 and 46(1) and 2 of the 1999 Constitution and Articles 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, and 12(1) of the African Charter on Human and People’s’ Rights Act CAP. A9, LFN 2004. Also joined as respondents are Attorney-General of the Federation, National Security Adviser, Inspector-General of Police, Director General of Department of State Service, the Commandant General, Nigeria Security, and Civil Defense Corps; Nigeria Communication Commission, Twitter International Company, and the #ENDSARS Protesters. The matter, which came up on November 25 before Justice Giwa-Ogunbanjo, was adjourned until April 22, 2021, for the continuation of the hearing. He tweeted, “I think the action has served its purpose. I’ve written to our lawyers to withdraw the case from court. I also tendered my sincere apologies to Nigerians who are pained by my #EndSARS actions. Nigeria shall rise.” See Video Below; UPDATE ON MY CASE WITH JACK & TWITTER Why I took @jack to Court.I think the action have served its purpose. I’ve written to our lawyers to withdraw the case from courtI also tendered my sincere apologies to Nigerians who are pained by my #EndSARS actionsNigeria shall rise pic.twitter.com/JlSWzCRsfP A businessman, Mr Adamu Garba, on Tuesday, instituted a 1 billion dollars suit against the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Founder of Twitter International Company, Jack Dorsey, at the Federal High Court, Abuja, over alleged sponsorship of the ongoing #EndSARS Protest across the country. Garba, in a suit number: FHC/ABJ/CS/1391/2020… October 20, 2020 In "News" Adamu Garba, a former Presidential aspirant have lashed out at Twitter CEO, Jack Dorsey warning him to stay away from Nigeria politics hours after he tweeted his support for the #EndSARS campaign currently going on in the country to kick against the senseless killings of the force.   Jack Dorsey… October 15, 2020 In "Politics" A former presidential candidate, Adamu Garba has been to shut his mouth by musician Davido after he threatened to sue Twitter CEO, Jack Dorsey over #EndSARS tweet. Davido took to Twitter and told Garba to 'Fem'. Garba tweet reads: Dear @jack, It’ll do you a lot more good if you… October 16, 2020 In "News"