Music producer and talent manager, Jude ‘Engees’ Okoye has opened up on what may have warranted Zlatan to block DJ Cuppy.  Jude while offering an explanation, said DJ Cuppy got blocked by Zlatan because of her inability to spell. Jude is the elder brother of Peter and Paul Okoye. DJ Cuppy recently made a tweet on her relationship with Zlatan. She tweeted: “10 months later and I sometimes still wonder why @Zlatan_Ibile blocked me on WhatsApp and Instagram without ever saying why; we were actually friends…AND “Gelato” was a hit!” To which Jude Okoye gave a witty response. He replied: “You couldn’t pronounce Kapaichumarimarichupaco.” In 2019, DJ Cuppy released a song featuring Zlatan Ibile. The song, ‘Gelato’ , was inspired by Cuppy‘s viral video with her father, Femi Otedola and her sister, Temi Otedola during their vacation in Italy. The song was an instant hit when it was released in August of that year. However, things seem to have paled between Cuppy and Zlatan, for a long time now.  Source By Collins Yakubu-Hammer Abuja - Controversial US-based Nigerian rapper, Speed Darlington has called on Nigerian singer, Tiwa Savage to date him before the year 2030. The Imo-born rapper made the call on his Instagram handle @speeddarlingtontv with two different pictures of the 38 year-old mother of one and First Lady… January 20, 2019 In "Entertainment" Comedian Brodashaggi is now the son-in-law of billionaire Femi Otedola, after he commented on a viral video in which DJ Cuppy appears to kiss the comedian. “My son-in-law”, Femi Otedola commented, obviously jokingly, amidst the thousands of retweets and comments the video has generated. In her own post of the… December 11, 2019 In "Entertainment" Anita Eboigbe   Abuja  -    Celebrity Disc Jockey, Ifeoluwa Otedola a.k.a DJ Cuppy, has announced her plans to award scholarships to ten indigent students to study in the University in 2018. DJ Cuppy, who is one of Africa’s most celebrated DJs, made the announcement on her twitter page @cuppymusic. She… February 1, 2018 In "Entertainment"