The Federal Government has accused the International Criminal Court, ICC, and Amnesty International, AI, of becoming part of the country’s security challenges by attacking the country’s security forces and threatening them with prosecution.  The Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, made the accusation in his a parley with newsmen in Lagos, Monday. He said a section of the media was parroting these organisations, who are trying to portray the fight against insurgency in a bad light. Lai Mohammed said: “Let me say straight away that Nigeria is fending off attacks on many fronts not just from terrorists and bandits, but also from some human rights organisations and the International Criminal Court, ICC, which seem to have colluded to exacerbate the challenges facing the country in the area of security. ”While our security agencies continue to battle these bandits and terrorists, ICC and some international human rights organisations, especially Amnesty International, have constituted themselves to another fighting force against Nigeria. ”They are constantly harassing our security forces and threatening them with investigation and possible prosecution over alleged crimes against humanity and war crimes. “Unfortunately, a section of the local media has been parroting these organisations without weighing the impact of their constant threats on the security of the nation.” ...Frowns at His Exclusion of Groups Advocating for End of Atrocities, Regime Impunity and Punishment of Their Perpetrators By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Int’l Society for Civil Liberties & the Rule of Law has condemned the recent official visit by the International Criminal Court President, Chile Eboe-Osuji to Nigeria,… April 19, 2018 In "News" The first thing to say about Amnesty International’s Report: Setting the Record Straight is to thank the organisation for confirming a fact stated time and again by President Muhammadu Buhari that the conflict between herders and farmers in Nigeria is not about religion. There is equally a confirmation by Amnesty… December 20, 2018 In "News" The Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court, Fatou Bensouda, says the court has found a reasonable basis to begin investigating members of the Nigerian Security Forces for crimes against humanity, which they allegedly committed in the course of prosecuting the counter-insurgency war in the North-East. Bensouda said the ICC was… December 12, 2020 In "News"