The Federal Government says National Identity Number is mandatory for foreign diplomats who will reside in Nigeria for a continuous period of two years or more.  The Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr Isa Pantami, said this in a statement by his Technical Assistant, Dr Femi Adeluyi, on Sunday. He said that an enrolment centre has been established for the foreign diplomats at the Federal Ministry of Foreign Affairs. The statement read, “The Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr Isa Ali Ibrahim Pantami, has approved the setting up of a National Identity Number (NIN) enrolment centre at the Federal Ministry of Foreign Affairs. “The desk will be set up by Tuesday, 19th of January, 2021. “This enrolment centre will provide support for members of the Diplomatic Corps and will be managed by the Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy, through the National Identity Management Commission. “The centre is being set up based on the request of the Honourable Minister of Foreign Affairs, Geoffrey Onyeama, in order to simplify the process for diplomats. “The National Identity Number is mandatory for diplomats who will reside in Nigeria for a continuous period of two years or more. “It is also mandatory for all other lawful residents in the country as stated in Section 16 of the National Identity Management Commission Act 2007. “The Law has made it mandatory for Nigerians and legal residents to obtain a NIN since 2007. However, compliance has been low, until recently.” Source The Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy jolted GSM subscribers back to reality when it ordered Mobile Network Operators (MNOs) to block all Subscriber Identification Modules (SIM) cards without valid National Identification Numbers (NIN) after December 30, 2020. Issuing the directive, the Communication and Digital Economy minister, Dr. Isa… January 8, 2021 In "Opinion" Aiming to join other nations in achieving the United Nation’s Sustainable Development Goal (SDG) 16.9 to provide legal identity for all, including free birth registrations by 2030, Nigeria is actively working towards increasing enrolment of its citizens in a digital identity database which will help economic development. The National Identity… October 24, 2020 In "News" •Communications Minister, Dr Isa Pantami  By JESSICA DOGO ABUJA - The Federal Government has said that issuance of National Identification Number (NIN) was at no cost to Nigerians as the cost of the registration was being shouldered by the government. The Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr Isa Pantami,… December 20, 2020 In "Top Stories"