As Britain prepares to split from the European Union, the father of Prime Minister Boris Johnson appears to be seeking closer ties with the bloc by applying for French citizenship. Stanley Johnson told broadcaster RTL on Thursday that he was in the process of “reclaiming” his French identity. “It is not a question of becoming French. If I understand correctly, I am French. My mother was born in France. Her mother was completely French, as was her grandfather,” he told RTL, which said Johnson is putting together a French citizenship request. “So for me it is a question of reclaiming what I already have.” The elder Johnson, 80, is a former member of the European Parliament who backed remaining in the EU in Britain’s 2016 membership referendum. He has since expressed support for his son as the prime minister led the U.K. out of the bloc. Once Britain leaves the EU’s economic embrace at 11 p.m. on Thursday, Britons will lose the automatic right to live and work in the 27 EU countries, but those with dual nationality will still be able to do so. By signing this deal, we fulfill the sovereign wish of the British people to live under their own laws, made by their own elected Parliament. pic.twitter.com/FQDj1Nnqan “I will always be European. That is certain,” Stanley Johnson said. “You cannot tell the English: ‘You are not European.’ Europe is always more than the common market, more than the European Union. But having said that, yes, having a link like that to the European Union is important.” Source: www.cbsnews.com London - British Prime Minister Boris Johnson is expected to hold a Cabinet briefing on Wednesday afternoon on the ongoing Brexit talks in Brussels. This is expected as Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar said that there were “many issues” to be resolved before a Brexit agreement could be reached. The… October 16, 2019 In "Foreign" Brussels - Brexit negotiations were running to the wire ahead of an European Union (EU) leaders’ summit on Thursday. As a key domestic ally of British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson said it could not support the deal on the table. Late Wednesday, British and EU negotiators reached agreement on all… October 17, 2019 In "Foreign" Conservative MP Boris Johnson arrives at the BBC studios in London on June 18, 2019 to take part in the Conservative Party leadership BBC television debate. ISABEL INFANTES / AFP The EU’s Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier, who is recovering in quarantine after also testing positive, tweeted that “my thoughts are… April 7, 2020 In "Foreign"