Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni has won a sixth term in office with 58.6 percent of the vote, in an election disputed by his main rival Bobi Wine who trailed with 34.8 percent, the electoral commission announced on Saturday. “The electoral commission declares Yoweri Museveni… elected President of the republic of Uganda,” said election commission chairman Justice Simon Mugenyi Byabakama. He said turnout was 57.22 percent of the almost 18 million registered voters. Byabakama urged the population to “remain calm and accept the outcome of these elections” while reminding those celebrating to be mindful of the Covid-19 pandemic. Wine, a 38-year-old former pop star whose campaign galvanised a youthful population seeking change, has dismissed the election as a “complete sham”. The election took place after one of the most violent campaigns in years, with harassment and arrests of the opposition, attacks on the media and the deaths of at least 54 people. -AFP KAMPALA  - Uganda blocked social media sites including Twitter, Facebook and Whatsapp before the swearing-in ceremony on Thursday of President Yoweri Museveni, whose re-election sparked protests and a crackdown on dissent. Museveni, 71, officially won 60 percent of the vote in February, allowing him to take on another term and… May 12, 2016 In "Foreign" Kampala - Uganda's electoral commission on Tuesday approved President Yoweri Museveni's bid to extend his three decades in office, a move that has kicked off campaign for the presidential election due in early 2016. [pro_ad_display_adzone id="70560"] The commission also gave the green light to Museveni's ally-turned-rival Amama Mbabazi, a former… November 3, 2015 In "Foreign" Kampala -  A European Union mission has urged Uganda on Thursday, to release detailed results from last week's presidential election, which extended President Yoweri Museveni's 30-year rule, which the opposition has called fraudulent. Uganda's Electoral Commission declared Museveni, 71 and in power since 1986, the winner of the Feb. 18… February 26, 2016 In "Foreign"