By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  Over 8,000 passengers on the Abuja-Kaduna train route have accessed the e-ticketing just three days into the test running of the portal. The Media Assistant To the Honourable Minister of Transportation, Taiye Elebiyo-Edeni disclosed this on Sunday in a statement she signed made available to Sundiata Post. Recall that the Federal Government on Wednesday Jan. 13,  announced the commencement of the test run of e-ticketing on the route and pledged to officially begin the initiative. According to the statement, on the first day of the test booking, 1,174 passengers used the platform to purchase train tickets and on Thursday 3,479 passengers accessed the platform while on Friday, Jan. 15,  3,398 passengers accessed the platform. The Minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi, who announced the e-ticketing  stated that the government would fully inaugurate the service this week. The train service which was inaugurated for commercial operations in 2016 had faced the challenge of racketeering which had led to extortion of passengers. Amaechi, however,  initiated the e-ticketing platform as a way forward in resolving the challenges and hoping that the e-ticketing service would eradicate touts at the train stations. However,  purchasing tickets at the train stations is still in place to enable those who cannot access it online to purchase tickets over the counter at the train stations. The official launching of the E-Ticketing platform will be done on Wednesday,  Jan.20 after a week of test run, the statement added.   By Temitope Ponle Abuja - The Federal Government on Thursday said it would increase the number of trains plying the Abuja-Kaduna route to run a train per hour before the end of 2019. Mr Freeborn Okhiria, Managing Director, Nigerian Railway Corporation (NRC) said this as part of activities of the… April 19, 2019 In "News" By Lucy Ogalue Abuja - The Director-General, Infrastructure Concession Regulatory Commission (ICRC),  Chidi Izuwah says sales of train service ticket via the automated ticketing platform could generate N16 billion in ten years.Izuwah was quoted as saying this in a statement by Mr Israel Ibeleme, media aide to the Minister of… September 5, 2019 In "News" Abuja  -  The Minister of Transportation, Mr Rotimi Amaechi, has said that the Abuja-Kaduna rail project may be concessioned to China Civil Engineering Construction Company (CCECC), to operate. Amaechi announced this at Idu, Abuja, on Friday, after riding in the train from Kaduna to Abuja. He expressed the belief that… February 19, 2016 In "News"