A former governor of Lagos state, Babatunde Fashola on Wednesday was honoured by Gov Babajide Sanwo Olu after he named a housing estate, Lagos HOMS, Iponri after him.  The project is now known as ‘BRFHOMS, Iponri’. The governor commissioned the project on Wednesday, delivering additional 132 homes to the housing stock in the area. The governor said the stride underscored its readiness and avowed commitment to reducing the housing deficit in Lagos State. “The commissioning of this beautiful estate marks the third ceremony of its kind in the past few days. On Saturday, we were at Idale where 252 two bedroom terraced bungalows were delivered to the good people of Badagry. Earlier today, 84 units of one, two and three bedroom flats were also commissioned in Lekki Phase II. “We are not resting on our oars. In due course, more homes shall be commissioned in various parts of the State as all hands are on deck at all our housing schemes to ensure speedy delivery of all on going projects. “I must say it is always a thing of joy for me to see the vision of a Greater Lagos actualized and the hope of a better life for our people becoming a reality. Our mandate is only fully achieved when the lives of our people are made better. We are motivated to invest more in every area of endeavor as much as lives are touched. That’s our pledge: to make a positive impact in all aspects of the lives of our people,” he said. Source LAGOS - Gov. Babatunde Fashola of Lagos State  on Friday inaugurated a housing estate in Ogba area of the state, named after the late pro-democracy activist, Pa Anthony Enahoro. Inaugurating the project, Fashola said that the 20- block expansive estate was dedicated to Enahoro`s memory in recognition of his struggles… March 20, 2015 In "News" By Grace Alegba Lagos - Party loyalists of the Minister of Power, Works and Housing, Mr Babatunde Fashola, on Wednesday in Surulere area of Lagos took its campaign rally round the council to rally support for the All Progressive Congress (APC). The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the… March 7, 2019 In "Politics" LAGOS - Gov. Babatunde Fashola of Lagos State on Thursday said home ownership through mortgage was the only way to address  the problem of housing deficit in the country. [pro_ad_display_adzone id="10"] The governor spoke at the inauguration of Chois Estate, a housing estate in Lekki area of the state. The… March 12, 2015 In "News"