Oyo State Police Command has said some hoodlums terrorising Idi Arere, Popoyemoja, Born photo, Molete, Beere, Shogoye, Akobi and other areas within the Ibadan metropolis freed two suspects after attacking policemen. Police operatives from Mapo Division had earlier succeeded in arresting two suspects in connection with series of public disturbances in most of the areas before the incident happened. The Nation had reported a 60-year-old plantain seller was killed during a clash between two rival cult groups in one of the areas a few days ago. A statement by the Public Relations Officers of the Command, Olugbenga Fadeyi, said one suspected hoodlum identified as ‘Packaging, led some thugs numbering 30 to attack the police team before forcefully taking the two miscreants away. The Police however appealed to parents and guardians in the areas to warn their wards to desist from acts capable of causing breakdown of law and order. He added massive deployment of police personnel and sister security agencies have been put in place to forestall further crises. “The Commissioner of Police, Oyo State Command wishes to inform the general public on the incident that occurred earlier today 28th January 2021 at about 1145hrs at Odo-Osun Area of Mapo where Police personnel from Mapo Divisional Police Headquarters were deployed to effect the arrest of two notorious miscreants who have been deeply involved in the crisis rocking Shogoye/Akobi areas of Mapo lately. “It can be recalled that armed thugs from Shogoye/Akobi Areas have been unleashing mayhem, causing grievous hurts and death of innocent citizens in the two areas. “On the 25th of January, 2021 at about 0600hrs, an elderly woman in a white Celestial church cap known as Modupe Daramola ‘f’ aged 60 years of a Celestial church in Akobi area was hit with pellets from a locally-made gun fired by one of the hoodlums during the clashes and gave up the ghost, while some other ones sustained varying degrees of injuries. “Sequel to the arrest of the two notorious miscreants who were handcuffed, one A.K.A Packaging led some thugs numbering about thirty (30) to attack and mobbed the Police team while forcefully took the two miscreants from them. “In a bid for the Police personnel to escape from being lynched, a shot was fired to the air while the Police personnel managed to escape. “At about 1220hrs, one Akeem ‘m’ in the company of some angry miscreants invaded the Police Station to report that his younger brother was shot and the miscreants attempted to attack Mapo Police Station, while some cars at the junction leading to the street of the Station were damaged. “The mob was thereafter repelled by police personnel who were strategically positioned to prevent the station from being attacked. “Not too long, at about 1350hrs, the corpse of one Badmus Rasheed ‘m’ 20 years was brought to the Police Station amidst the angry mob that was earlier repealed from attacking the station. “The Commissioner of Police wishes to appeal to parents/guardians in the two areas to warn their wards to desist from acts capable of causing the breakdown of law and order as the massive deployment of Police personnel and that of Sisters Security Agencies have been emplaced to forestall further crises.” The Nation It was serious pandemonium that broke out recently at the Aba Tuntun village, Ijebu-Igbo in the Ijebu -North Local Government Area of Ogun State. Pandemonium broke out when some villagers waylaid some police officers, abducted four of them and then shot the Divisional Police Officer. Our correspondent gathered that the… December 5, 2020 In "Metro" By David Adeoye Ibadan - Mr Shina Olukolu, the Commissioner of Police in Oyo State, says 29 members of the National Union of Road Transport Workers (NURTW), have been arrested for hooliganism and attempted forceful take-over of the leadership of the union. Olukolu made this known on Monday in Ibadan… June 3, 2019 In "Metro" The police on Sunday ordered their officers and men to go after those who were looting private and government establishments under the guise of #EndSARS protests.   Police commands in Akwa Ibom, Osun, Plateau, Kano and Anambra states in separate interviews with The PUNCH, said they had stepped up… October 26, 2020 In "News"