Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State has ordered the Police to arrest Sunday Igboho and others causing tension in the state. On Friday, Igboho went to Igangan to restate his ultimatum to Fulanis to leave. Igangan is a community in Ibarapa North Local Government Area. The activist had accused the Fulani of perpetrating murders and kidnappings. Makinde declared that his government would not allow anyone hiding under the guise of protecting Yoruba interests to cause ethnic tension and perpetrate crisis. He maintained that the war Oyo and security agencies need to wage is not against any particular ethnic group but against criminal elements, irrespective of their tribes, religions, or creed. The governor added that his administration would not allow anyone to threaten the peace of the state by acting unlawfully and saying things that are alien to the Nigerian constitution. Makinde told the new Commissioner of Police, Ngozi Onadeko, that his administration would continue to synergise with law enforcement organs to fight criminals, hoodlums and bandits irrespective of their tribe or religion. “For people stoking ethnic tension, they are criminals and once you get them, they should be arrested and treated like common criminals. “I am sure that since you came in, you must have heard about some things happening at Ibarapa axis of the state. I will still say it here that we are not after Hausa-Fulani. We are after criminals”, he said. Source Oyo State Governor Seyi Makinde has warned people planning to take actions that can lead to the forcible ejection of anyone from the state to desist. He said anybody who failed to abide by the directive would face the full wrath of the law. The governor directed local government and… January 21, 2021 In "Politics" Forty-seven Fulani men armed with guns and other weapons have been arrested in Igangan, Oyo State, by men of Operation Burst, which is a joint security team of soldiers and policemen. Our correspondent gathered that the suspects were arrested in the early hours of Sunday by the Ofiki River along… January 12, 2021 In "News" ... Your party causing chaos, desperate to destroy Oyo State …says no contradictions on Oyo LG crisis …tells Adelabu, Dare to stop shopping for relevance By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The All Progressives Congress (APC) in Oyo State has been accused of desperation to cause chaos, derail governance… February 5, 2020 In "Politics"