Violence erupted in Igangan in the Ibarapa North Local Government Area of Oyo State on Friday when a popular Yoruba activist, Chief Sunday Adeyemo, also known as Sunday Igboho, reportedly stormed the Fulani settlement in the town to eject the Seriki Fulani, Salihu Abdukadir, and some other herdsmen accused of fuelling security problems in the area. Unconfirmed reports claimed that some persons were killed while properties worth several millions of naira were set ablaze during the clash which occurred in the evening. Although Igboho could not be reached as calls to his telephone line indicated that he was out of reach, residents of Igangan however said that at least one youth from Igboora was killed by Fulani fighters while two others sustained injuries from gunshots.  The Seriki also told our correspondent that one Fulani woman was killed. He said he had fled the town before Igboho returned on Friday. The claims from both sides could not be independently verified as of press time on Friday. Igboho had last week issued a seven-day quit notice to the Seriki and his associates. Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State had in a broadcast warned people fuelling ethic crisis in the state to desist from such act. Despite this, Igboho and his supporters stormed Igangan on Friday afternoon. Addressing the youths, Igboho said, “They started deploying soldiers here since yesterday (Thursday). When our people were being kidnapped and killed, there was not soldier to be deployed to secure them. Reacting, the Oyo State PPRO, Mr. Olugbenga Fadeyi, said, “Tactical police teams with Operation Burst are on ground to give maximum security protection while efforts are on to ascertain the situation there.” Makinde vows to resist ethnic crisis Meanwhile, Makinde said on Friday that his government would not allow anyone hiding under the guise of ethnic interest to perpetrate a crisis in the state. ‌ Makinde said the war to be waged by the state and the security agencies was against criminal elements, irrespective of their tribes, religions or creed. He added that his administration would not allow anyone to threaten the peace of the state by acting unlawfully as such was against the nation’s Constitution. The governor, who spoke while receiving the new Commissioner of Police in the state, Mrs Ngozi Onadeko, said the state government would not relent in placing priority on the welfare of security agencies in the state. The governor said, “For people stoking ethnic tension, they are criminals and once you get them, they should be arrested and treated like common criminals. For this administration, the major pillar for us is security, because we know that all the good economic plans we have won’t be possible in an atmosphere of chaos and insecurity.”  “So, when people say things that are neither lawful nor within the spirit of Nigeria’s Constitution, it is not acceptable here. And they cannot hide under the guise of protecting Yoruba interest to perpetuate chaos in the state.” Punch Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State has ordered the Police to arrest Sunday Igboho and others causing tension in the state. On Friday, Igboho went to Igangan to restate his ultimatum to Fulanis to leave. Igangan is a community in Ibarapa North Local Government Area. The… January 22, 2021 In "Top Stories" Forty-seven Fulani men armed with guns and other weapons have been arrested in Igangan, Oyo State, by men of Operation Burst, which is a joint security team of soldiers and policemen. Our correspondent gathered that the suspects were arrested in the early hours of Sunday by the Ofiki River along… January 12, 2021 In "News" The Chief Executive Officer, Kunfayakun Green Treasures Limited, Fatai Aborode, has been reportedly killed by suspected herdsmen near his farm along Apodun village in Oyo State on Friday. It was gathered that Aborode, a politician and prominent farmer, was killed just as he was leaving his farm around 4pm in… December 12, 2020 In "News"