A former House of Representatives Speaker Dimeji Bankole will on Friday 15 January tie the nuptial knot with Miss Aisha Shinkafi Saidu, daughter of Kebbi Governor, Atiku Bagudu. Bankole, who divorced his first wife in 2017, has been a much sought -after bachelor in the circle of eligible spinsters within and outside Nigeria. Friday’s marriage ceremony will draw the curtain on speculations regarding his matrimonial intentions since the divorce. The bride, a lawyer and graduate of the University of Hull in the UK is a granddaughter of late political heavyweight and onetime head of Nigeria’s security organisation Alhaji Umaru Shinkafi, Marafan Sokoto. The bride’s mother is Shinkafi’s daughter and a sister to the former Zamfara Governor, Aliyu Shinkafi. A statement from the Bankole family of Iporo, Abeokuta disclosed that a quiet introduction between the two families took place to kick off the joining together in line with Islamic and traditional injunctions. Read Also: Bankole pledges to tackle youth unemployment in OgunAt the introduction ceremony, Sokoto Governor and Bankole’s successor as Speaker of the House of Representatives, Aminu Tambuwal, led the groom’s family to the bride’s family home to seek her hand in marriage. Friday’s event will be the culmination of a courtship that both families had kept very discreet.  Political observers however note the marriage would appear to straddle Nigeria’s great political divide as Bagudu is the Chairman of the APC Governors Forum while Tambuwal is the National Chairman of the PDP Governors Forum. The Nation learnt the ceremony will be low key owing to COVID-19 protocols. The Nation Birnin Kebbi -  Gov. Aminu Tambuwal of Sokoto State on Monday condoled with the Kebbi State Government over the death of Alhaji Habibu Jega, former Speaker of the Kebbi State House of Assembly. Tambuwal, who led a delegation of his cabinet and APC stalwarts from Sokoto, was received by Gov.… April 18, 2016 In "News" By Ibrahim Bello Birnin Kebbi - The Wife of Kebbi Governor, Dr Zainab Shinkafi-Bagudu, has sensitised leaders of Persons with Disabilities (PWDs), from 21 local government areas of the state on preventive measures against Coronavirus (COVID-19).Shinkafi-Bagudu, who spoke on Friday in Birnin Kebbi during the event, said that the sensitisation… April 10, 2020 In "Health" By Ibrahim Bello Birnin Kebbi - The Wife of Kebbi Governor, Dr Zainab Shinkafi- Bagudu, has commanded the State Government for submitting the Gender-Based Violence, and Child Molestation Bills to State House of Assembly for consideration and passage.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) recalls that Gov. Atiku Bagudu had on… June 23, 2020 In "News"