The process for the membership registration, update and revalidation exercise of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) kick starts on Monday with the constitution of the State Registration Committees for the exercise.  The National Membership Registration Schedule/timetable released for the exercise by the party showed the seven-man committee per state will be inaugurated on Wednesday, January 27th while the train-the-trainers workshop is billed for the same date at the National Secretariat of the party. Distribution of registration materials, electronic gadgets and consumables to all designated registration centers nationwide will be carried out between Thursday 28th January and Monday 1st February. The timetable further showed the registration exercise proper is billed for Tuesday 2nd February to 16th February 2021 while sorted registered details at Ward registration centers will be forwarded to LGAs and the State Secretariat on the 17th February 2021.  Display of membership register at all party wards/local government offices and forwarding of all completed forms to the National Secretariat will be carried out between 27th February and March 1st, 2021 The National Registration Committee led by Niger Governor Abubakar Sani-Bello will be submitting final reports for the consideration of the party’s Caretaker/Extra-Ordinary Convention Planning Committee (CECPC) between 2nd and 8th March 2021.  Source The National Assembly has postponed its resumption till Tuesday, February 9, 2020. Both Chambers on December 21st, 2020 adjourned plenary till January 26, 2021, to enable members to observe the Christmas and New Year festivities. Clerk to the National Assembly, Arc. Ojo Amos disclosed this in a statement in Abuja.… January 23, 2021 In "News" He said the NIN would help tackle challenges of underage voting, alien voting and other challenges associated with registration. The national commissioner, who wished to remain anonymous because he was not authorised to speak, said a final decision would soon be reached. The INEC official explained that the permanent voter… January 20, 2021 In "Features" By Chibuike Nwabuko   Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Senator Bola Tinubu-led committee on “consultation, reconciliation and confidence - building” will today submit its interim report at the national caucus meeting at the presidential Villa ahead of the party’s National Executive Committee (NEC) meeting tomorrow.   Sundiata Post recalls that President… February 26, 2018 In "Top Stories"