A new information concerning the registration of National Identification Number has been released.  According to the National Identity Management Commission, NIMC, it has announced the commencement of enrolment of foreign diplomats in Nigeria. This was contained in a statement signed by Kayode Adegoke, Head, Corporate Communications of the agency. “The Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr Isa Pantami in his bid to ensure seamless enrolment of all diplomats in the country for the purpose of the ongoing NIN-SIM linkage and other needs, has directed the setting up of an enrolment centre at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Abuja,” the statement added. It said the “enrolment of the diplomats started on Monday 18th January 2021. ” The Commission further assured members of the general public that “all hands are on deck to ensure the enrolment of all Nigerians and legal residents into the National Identity Database. The federal government had recently extended the deadline for Nigerians to register and link their National Identification Number (NIN) to their sim cards before February 9, 2021.  Source ‌ The Federal Government on Sunday insisted that the deadlines given for the registration of all Subscriber Identification Modules with valid National Identity Numbers were still in force. It also declared that the NIN was mandatory for diplomats who reside in Nigeria, as well as for all other lawful residents… January 18, 2021 In "News" Aiming to join other nations in achieving the United Nation’s Sustainable Development Goal (SDG) 16.9 to provide legal identity for all, including free birth registrations by 2030, Nigeria is actively working towards increasing enrolment of its citizens in a digital identity database which will help economic development. The National Identity… October 24, 2020 In "News" The Federal Government says National Identity Number is mandatory for foreign diplomats who will reside in Nigeria for a continuous period of two years or more. The Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr Isa Pantami, said this in a statement by his Technical Assistant, Dr Femi Adeluyi, on Sunday.… January 17, 2021 In "Technology"