The Vice-Principal of the Kadandani Community School in the Rimi Local Government Area of Katsina State, Ibrahim Tukur, who allegedly raped and impregnated a student of the school, has explained the circumstances surrounding the development.  He made the explanation in Hausa language to journalists at the police headquarters in Katsina, where he and other suspects were paraded on Wednesday. Tukur stated, “I am being accused of committing rape and it’s true I committed the crime. I have been having affairs with the girl for eight months ago now. I used to take her to my house and offer her the sum of N300 of N500; some other times, I would give her N200 to have sex with her.  “Information reaching me right now is that the girl has been delivered of a baby boy for me. I have three wives.” Tukur and the other suspects were arrested between January 9 and 14, 2021. The spokesman for the command, SP Gambo Isah, told journalists during the parade that the vice-principal was arrested on January 9, 2021 following a formal report at the Rimi Divisional Police Headquarters by one Ibrahim Sani. Isah said Tukur took advantage of the victim to impregnate her. “The vice-principal, who is married to three wives, used to take the girl from the school to his house, where he had serial sex with her. As a result, he got the girl pregnant and she was delivered of a baby through caesarean section.”  Other suspects paraded included Auwal Hamzat and Sulaiman Abubakar, who were alleged to have sodomised three boys, who were children of their neighbours. The neighbours reported the incident to the police, leading to the suspects’ arrest. ‌One Ishiaku Sani, 25, was also paraded for a similar offence. Sani was alleged to have also sodomised the six-year-old son of his neighbour, who reported the incident to the police on January 10.  Also paraded was a 61-year-old man, Lawan Sani, who was alleged to have molested a six-year-old girl, whose mother reported the incident at the Central Police Station, Katsina, on January 14. Similarly, one Jamilu Salisu was paraded for the alleged molestation of a five-year-old girl in Funtua on January 11. Osun State Police Command on Friday paraded five suspected r*pists, including a 50-year-old, man, Adeleye Fayemiwo, who allegedly defiled his 13-year-old daughter, The PUNCH reports. Speaking to journalists, the state’s police commissioner, Mr Undie Adie, said Fayemiwo and other four suspects were arrested following complaints against them. The police boss… June 27, 2020 In "Metro" He was born and named Gracious but his lifestyle never reflected this good name. Instead of being gracious to others, he was a nightmare to them. His worst victims were women, especially young girls, who he killed at will. To Gracious David-West, killing women in Rivers, Lagos, and Imo States… September 21, 2019 In "Metro" Anambra State - Anambra State police command has paraded the General Overseer of Mount Zion Ministries, in Obosi, Anambra State, Evangelist Chukwudi Chukwumezie, also known as Agudo Jesus, for defiling a minor.Chukwumezie, who was confirmed by witnesses to have been involved in previous cases of rape, involving minors, was said… December 5, 2019 In "News"