The Northern Elders Forum (NEF) on Wednesday described as shocking the stand of Ondo Governor Rotimi Akeredolu on the Fulani community. NEF believes that the action of the Governor is provocative and unhelpful. A statement by the NEF Director, Publicity and Advocacy, Dr. Hakeem Baba-Ahmed, reads in part: “If there are criminal elements among the Fulani who live in the State, the Governor should take appropriate steps to identify them and deal with them. “Similarly, the Fulani do not enjoy legal immunity in any part of Nigeria. The Fulani are subject to all laws and regulations and must respect the communities with which they live and interact. “What is dangerous and unacceptable is to profile and demonise the Fulani and treat him outside the laws of the land like all other Nigerians. “The quit order by the Governor of Ondo will worsen perceptions that the Fulani is unsafe and unwelcome in certain parts of Nigeria”. The Forum urges the Fulani community in Ondo to stay put where they are and continue to be law-abiding, adding that: “they should collaborate with all legitimate authorities to police their communities against criminal elements but they should resist moves to be labelled entirely as criminals. “We call on Governor Akeredolu to rescind his order on the Fulani or clarify his position in the event that he is misunderstood. “He has a responsibility to protect the rights of all people in Ondo State, including the Fulanis and he will be well-advised to engage them towards improving security in the State instead of treating all of them as criminals without rights or protection under the constitution.” The Nation Southern and Middle Belt Leaders Forum (SMBLF) has condemned the recent call by the Coalition of Northern Groups (CNG) on Fulani herders to quit southern Nigeria. The SMBLF, in a statement signed by elder statesman, Edwin Clark; President General, Ohaneze Ndi-Igbo, Nnia Nwodo; Afenifere Leader, Pa Ayo Adebanjo, and President… July 18, 2019 In "Top Stories" Obasanjo has diminished his status as a statesman – ACFACF’s allegation, rubbish – AfenifereACF supporting evil, says Middle Belt By Adelani Adepegba, Godwin Isenyo, James Abraham and Raphael Ede  The pan-Northern organisation, the Arewa Consultative Forum, on Wednesday lashed out at the Southern and Middle Belt Forum leaders, saying they should… July 25, 2019 In "Top Stories" A former Aviation minister, Femi Fani-Kayode has reacted to the call by the Northern Elders’ Forum (NEF) for herdsmen to leave the Southern part of Nigeria. It was reported on Tuesday that the Northern Elders’ Forum (NEF) has urged Fulani herders to leave Southern part of the country if the… July 17, 2019 In "News"