Unclaimed dividends and bank account balances of Nigerians unclaimed for at least six years will be transferred to the Federal government.  This is according to the provisions in the Finance Act 2020 recently signed into law by President Buhari. The remitted funds will be available as special credit to the federal government through the Unclaimed Funds Trust Fund. The Finance Act reads in part; “Any unclaimed dividend of a public limited liability company quoted on the Nigerian Stock Exchange and any unutilised amounts in a dormant bank account maintained in or by a deposit money bank which has remained unclaimed or unutilised for a period of not less than six years from the date of declaring the dividend or domiciling the funds in a bank account shall be transferred immediately to the trust fund” The act exempts official bank accounts owned by the federal government, state government or local governments or any of their ministries, departments or agencies. According to the act, the monies transferred to the trust fund will be a “special debt owed by the federal government to shareholders and dormant bank account holders”. It also states that the original owners of the money can claim their money at any time. The act stipulates that the operation of the trust fund will be supervised by the Debt Management Office (DMO) and governed by a governing council chaired by the finance minister and a co-chairperson from the private sector appointed by the president. Other members of the governing council shall include the governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), director-general of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), managing director of the National Deposit Insurance Corporation (NDIC), a representative of the registrars of companies, two representatives of the shareholders’ association, a representative of the Bankers’ Committee and the director-general of the Debt Management Office as the secretary of the trust fund. According to financial experts, this move will make needed funds available to the federal government without foreign exchange worries or conditions attached to loans from multilateral lenders. Source The Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Mrs Zainab Ahmed, yesterday, disagreed with the Independent Shareholders Association of Nigeria over plans by the Federal Government to take over unclaimed dividends worth over N150billion in the country. While the minister insisted that the Federal Government has the right to borrow… December 12, 2020 In "News" The exemption of small businesses from the payment of tertiary education tax has been proposed in the draft Finance Bill 2020. This was disclosed by the Fiscal Policy Reforms Committee, established by the Ministry of Finance, Budget and National Planning and chaired by the Special Adviser to the President on… November 16, 2020 In "News" By Chibuike NwabukoAbuja (Sundiata Post) - Senate on Wednesday debated the Finance Bill transmitted to the National Assembly by President Muhammadu Buhari for consideration and passage into law. The bill which was sponsored by the Senate Leader, Yahaya Abdullahi (APC – Kebbi North), scaled second reading after consideration and referred by… December 2, 2020 In "Top Stories"