The Ondo State Governor, Mr Rotimi Akeredolu, has said he would continue to keep expanding the frontiers of his administration’s developmental efforts and sustain the delivery of dividends of good governance to the people of the state in the next four years.  Akeredolu whose first term in office expires on February 23 and the second term begins on February 24, 2021, declared that his second term would not be for a holiday as he would not rest on his oars in the execution of more legacy projects. The governor stated this at the first working day prayer meeting with the civil servants, for the Year 2021, held on the premises of the Governor’s Office, Akure, the state capital on Monday. Describing the year 2021 as a significant year, when his administration will commence its second term in the actualization of its lofty programmes, Akeredolu said the challenges of the COVID-19 pandemic and insecurity were still around and in the midst of which all necessary sacrifices and precautions would be taken to keep the state going. He enjoined all public servants to continue to render their statutory services, diligently, stressing that the civil servants can bear witness that in the face of the obvious constraints occasioned by externalities, his administration has ensured prompt promotion and general workers’ welfare.  He said, “Do not expect anything less, I must, however, reiterate that the dictates of the current realities call for sacrifice. As a people, we should be prepared to continually bear the sacrifices of our home-grown efforts to generate resources for the overall development of our dear state. “We will continue to sustain our efforts at containing the new wave of the COVID-19 pandemic and rise up to the prevailing security challenges, facing us.” At the prayer meeting, black armbands were worn by the workers in honour of the public officers who passed on recently including the Chief of Protocol to the governor, Mr Tosin Ogunbodede, who died in a fatal motor accident along the Ilesa-Akure expressway, last Saturday. Source By Akinola Ajibo Mr Rotimi Akeredolu has been re-elected as Governor of Ondo State on the back of a campaign in which he promised to provide composed and focused leadership marked by economic growth and improved security for people in the state. The incumbent governor, a former President of… October 11, 2020 In "Top Stories" No doubt, today’s governorship election in Ondo State is a fierce battle to be fought by three political titans in the state and the outcome of the election will determine the strength of each of the three contestants. No fewer than 15 political parties had initially shown interest in the… October 10, 2020 In "Politics" Akure - A Chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ondo State, Mr Nuel Elehinle has lauded the state Governor, Mr Rotimi Akeredolu for his initiative at setting up the Western Nigeria Security Outfit codenamed “Operation Amotekun”. He said the new security outfit has helped in preventing crime in… August 17, 2020 In "News"