Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, Ibadan zonal office, on Friday, stormed Osogbo, Osun State capital arresting 11 suspected internet fraudsters in some part of the town. It was gathered that the operatives of the commission had arrived the town on Thursday gathering intelligence on the suspect and watching their movements. A resident at Owode-Ede, Habeeb Olawale disclosed that some operatives of the commission have been coming to the community seeking information about some individuals but were not sure of the motive behind their action. But on Friday, some young men were apprehended and taken out of the community early hours of Friday, January 22, 2021. Confirming the arrest in a statement, EFCC spokesperson, Wilson Uwujaren said the eleven suspected fraudsters were apprehended base on intelligence. “The Commission recovered twelve cars which include three Toyota Highlander SUVs, one Mercedes Benz GLK 350 SUV, One Acura SUV, two Honda Crosstour, two Toyota Venza and three other Toyota brands. Also recovered are phones, laptops and other devices. “The suspects, who variously claimed to be students, artisans, farmers and businessmen, are currently undergoing interrogation to ascertain their level of involvement in the alleged crime. “They will be charged to court as soon as investigations are concluded”, it reads. Source    Set up training schools for aspiring internet fraudsters Adopt new tactics to beat security agents They are young men who live their lives on the fast lane. They love the good things of life but lack the legitimate means to acquire them. Rather than seek legitimate means of fulfilling their… September 26, 2020 In "News" The Ibadan Zonal Office of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, on Wednesday, January 29, 2020, arrested a 33-year-old landlord, Stanley Ejike Awam and 10 of his tenants, who are suspected to be internet fraudsters hibernating in his house. Awam was apprehended for allegedly providing shelter for the suspected… January 30, 2020 In "News" Delta State - Security operatives have apprehended 10 suspected internet fraudsters in Delta state.   It was end of the road for 10 suspected internet fraudsters on Wednesday August 21, 2019, as they were arrested at thier hideout in an early morning operation by Operatives of the Benin Zonal Office of… August 23, 2019 In "Metro"