According to The PUNCH, the men of the Oyo State Security Network Agency popularly known as Amotekun and some Fulani have reportedly engaged in a clash.  The clash happened at Aiyete in the Ibarapa North Local Government Area of the state. The cause of the clash which reportedly started on Saturday morning could not be immediately ascertained but while some said the security outfit attacked Fulani settlements, others said the settlements were the hideouts of kidnappers in the area. A man identified as Saliu, who claimed to be residents of the area, told our correspondent that seven persons were feared killed during the attack. He added that all the buildings in the two communities were torched during the clash. Saliu said, “Alhaji Usman Okebi and his two sons were killed. We don’t know what caused the fight. Some people were shot and injured. The number of people killed has increased to seven. Those who were shot and tried to escape were later found to have died in the bush.” Another source said the clash was between the Amotekun corps and some suspected kidnappers. He said, “The Amotekun corps burst the kidnappers’ cells today but the kidnappers resisted them. The kidnappers are Fulani. You know that kidnapping and other criminal activities are common in that axis. I believe that they received intelligence and acted on it. “The leader of the kidnappers called Umoru fled but his boys, armed with guns were caught. The kidnappers put up stiff resistance and some members of Amotekun were injured. Three criminals were shot dead and their guns recovered. “ The Commandant of Amotekun in Oyo State, Col. Olayinka Olayanju (retd), when contacted, said he was on his way to the place to ascertain what happened. He said,” I heard the same thing and I am on my way there now.” The Police Public Relations Officer in the state, Mr Olugbenga Fadeyi, when contacted by our correspondent, said the DPO at Aiyete Police Division had moved to the community to assess the situation. Meanwhile, the Yoruba Youth Socio-cultural Association Worldwide has demanded the removal of the Seriki Fulani in Oyo State including others in Ibarapa zone and the Oke-ogun area. The Deputy National President of association, Biodun Kumoye, said this in a statement to react to the insecurity in the Ibarapa and Oke Ogun axis. Kumoye said, “They have not been playing the roles of responsible leaders by fishing out criminal herdsmen. Instead, they have been shielding them. We believe there could be no adequate security and peaceful atmosphere except the saboteurs are sacked from office “Moreso, from the side of Fulani leadership, any foreign herder that enters the country through the Oke-Ogun area should be reported for documentation and proper identification. The Oke-Ogun border is too porous while foreign Fulani are trooping in on a daily basis.” Source According to a report by The PUNCH, the men of the Oyo State Security Network Agency popularly known as Operation Amotekun and some Fulani have reportedly engaged in a clash at Aiyete in the Ibarapa North Local Government Area of the state. The clash was said to have started at… January 9, 2021 In "News" Violence that rocked #EndSARS protests across the country worsened on Tuesday with 43  protesters and six policemen losing their lives.   Protesters calling for the disbanding of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad of the Nigeria Police have been carrying out peaceful demonstrations across the country since October 8.   However,… October 21, 2020 In "Top Stories" “I have personally seen seven corpses; three corpses at Atewolara Junction, two corpses at Way Street, opposite Oando Filing Station, and two corpses at Oduwoye Junction, opposite the market. Soldiers are in the area to douse the tension and some of the corpses were evacuated by them, while some… October 21, 2020 In "News"