 President Muhammadu Buhari addressed the nation on the occasion of the country’s 60th independence anniversary on October 1, 2020.File photo of President Muhammadu Buhari addressing the nation on the occasion of the country’s 60th independence anniversary on October 1, 2020.  President Muhammadu Buhari had admitted that 2020 was one of the most trying years for the country but remained thankful for the start of another year. “While acknowledging that 2020 was a very tough year, we saw this year put to test our national resilience and ability to survive these tough times and also gave renewed hope that we will again brave any storms that lay ahead in 2021 and beyond,” Buhari said in his New Year message to Nigerians on Friday morning, admitting that the COVID-19 pandemic has dealt a massive blow to the world. But for the resilient spirit of Nigerians, Buhari argued, the challenges of 2020 would have been way too much for the country. While mourning the passing away of some Nigerians in the past year, the 78-year-old Nigerian leader recalled that many pundits did not believe the country would survive when it got independence from Britain in 1960. “Yet, here we are, 61 years by the next anniversary in October, and not only are we here, we are standing tall in the comity of nations as one country united under the will of God and also actively growing that indivisible Nigerian spirit that has enabled us, year after year, decade after decade, to weather all stormy waters and emerge stronger and better where others have fallen and disintegrated. This nation, this Nigeria will survive and thrive,” Buhari added.  Source By Ismaila Chafe   Abuja -   President Muhammadu Buhari has congratulated Chinese President Xi Jinping on the 71st Anniversary of the proclamation of the Republic of China, expressing delight that the bond of friendship between Nigeria and China has continued to strengthen. Mr Femi Adesina, the President’s spokesman, in a… September 28, 2020 In "News" British Monarch Queen Elizabeth 11 has sent a message of felicitation to President Muhammadu Buhari on the occasion of Nigeria’s 60th Independence Anniversary. The message, conveyed by the British High Commission in Nigeria, was quoted in a statement by the Special Adviser to the President on Media and Publicity, Femi… September 30, 2020 In "News" This column congratulates Nigeria on the occasion of the celebration of its 60th Independence anniversary. To celebrate a diamond jubilee is not a mean feat, even though Nigeria’s potentials are far from being tapped to the benefit of all. It is our hope that Nigeria will rediscover itself and… October 2, 2020 In "column - Friday"