Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  A multi-million-naira maize farm for members of the Maize Growers Processing Marketer Association of Nigeria (MAGPAMAN) have been destroyed by herdsmen in Ekiti state. The farm covering about 235 hectares of land is at the state forest reserve in Aduloju farm stead located along Ado-Ijan road in Ado local government area of the state. Speaking with newsmen yesterday, in Ado-Ekiti, the state secretary of the association, Mr Tope Emmanuel said the herders had been terrorising the farmers in the last one week leading to the destruction of the maize farm. He said the pastorals stormed the farm at night with dangerous weapons to feed their cows and, “all efforts to stop them have been rebuffed.” He said that members obtained about N6.6m loan from the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) under the anchor borrowers’ programme in September to plant the maize, adding that the 160 members had been left with nothing to cultivate. When contacted, the Ekiti Amotekun corps commander, Brig-Gen Joe Komolafe (retd) confirmed the incident, adding, “We are handling the situation.” Source By Philomina Attah Abuja The Maize Growers, Processors and Markets Association of Nigeria (MAGPAMAN) says that it will ensure adequate supply of maize to support market demands in 2018. The President of MAGPAMAN, Dr Edwin Uche, gave the assurance in Abuja on Wednesday at the stakeholders meeting of the association.… February 1, 2018 In "Business" Some herdsmen have reportedly invaded the farm of the former Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Chief Olu Falae, and attacked some of the workers on the farm after destroying it. The herdsmen, who were said to have taken their cattle to the farm in Ilado village in Akure… November 23, 2020 In "News" Ayedun (Ekiti)  -  Farmers have been urged to finish maize planting for the current planting season before the end of May. An Agriculturist, Mr Michael Ogunsusi of Beulak Farms in Ayedun, Ikole Local Government Area of Ekiti, gave the advice on Wednesday in an interview with the News Agency of… May 19, 2016 In "News"