President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of former Military Administrator of Lagos and Borno states, Brigadier-General Buba Marwa (retd), as Chairman of the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA). Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Mallam Garba Shehu, confirming the report while responding to a media enquiry on Saturday, said the President had given a nod to the appointment. “It’s true. The President has approved General Marwa as the new NDLEA Chairman,” he said in a text message. Before this appointment, Marwa was the Chairman of, Presidential Advisory Committee for the Elimination of Drug Abuse, PACEDA, between 2018 and December 2020, at which time he presided over the development of a blueprint on how to end drug abuse in Nigeria. A graduate of the Nigerian Military School and the Nigerian Defence Academy (NDA), Kaduna, Marwa also has a master’s degree in Public Administration from Harvard University and another master’s degree in International Affairs from the University of Pittsburgh. The appointment is with immediate effect. The Nation A new Chairman has not been appointed yet for the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA), The Nation gathered on Saturday. This follows viral reports that a former governor of Borno and Lagos States, Brigadier General Mohammed Buba Marwa rtd, had been appointed as the new chairman of the Agency.… January 16, 2021 In "News" By Aisha Cole Lagos - The Wife of the Vice President, Mrs Dolapo Osinbajo, has urged Nigerian Women to support the fight against illicit drugs to free the society from inactive youths. The Vice President’s wife made the call on the sidelines of the visit of the Presidential Advisory Committee… April 14, 2019 In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Presidency has kicked against the move by Ondo state governor, Rotimi Akeredolu to set up marijuana industry initiative in the state. Despite the collaboration being received from the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA), the governor has been disowned by the Presidential… May 18, 2019 In "News"