Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  General Sani Abacha was a Nigerian military Head of State in the 1990sGeneral Sani Abacha was a Nigerian military Head of State in the 1990s The Supreme Court has again refused the request by Ali Abacha, a brother to the late Head of State, General Sani Abacha, to unfreeze the accounts traced to him and relatives of the late Abacha in the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Jersey, Liechtenstein and Luxembourg. In a unanimous judgment delivered on Friday by a five-man panel of the court, the apex court held that Ali Abacha’s case was statute-barred as at when it was commenced in April 2004 at the Federal High Court in Kaduna. In the lead judgment prepared by Justice Kudirat Kekere-Ekun, but read by Justice Ejembi Eko, the court held that having dismissed a similar appeal in an earlier judgment delivered in February 2020, it has no reason to depart from its reasoning in the case brought by Mister Abba Mohammed Sani on behalf of the Abacha family. The appeal was against the July 19, 2010 unanimous judgment of the Court of Appeal, Kaduna division, in which a three-man panel set aside the September 24, 2004 judgment by Justice Mohammed Liman of Federal High Court, Kaduna, earlier given in favour of Ali Abacha. Ali Abacha had filed several suits at the Federal High Court, Kaduna in 2004, challenging among others, the 1999 decision by the Olusegun Obasanjo’s administration, acting through the Attorney General of the Federation (AGF) and Minister of Justice, Kanu Agabi (SAN), to request the freezing of all accounts traced to the late Abacha, his family members and relatives in the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Jersey, Liechtenstein and Luxembourg. (Channels TV) By Ebere Agozie Abuja The Supreme Court on Friday struck out  an appeal filed by the family of the late Head of State, Gen. Sani Abacha, who had prayed for an order unfreezing some bank accounts of the late dictator and other members of the family held in the UK,  Switzerland,… February 8, 2020 In "Top Stories" A bank account containing £211m (approximately N82bn) has been traced to a former Nigerian military dictator, General Sani Abacha. The money was recovered and subsequently confiscated in Jersey, Channel Islands, on the request of the United States of America Government. Late Abacha was said to have laundered the money through… June 5, 2019 In "Top Stories" Abubakar Malami has spoken on the loots traced to Sani Abacha, the late military ruler Malami said the government of a foreign nation laid claim to some of the stolen money - He, however, noted that the government said the money was not kept in their bank Abubakar Malami, the… November 16, 2017 In "Top Stories"