In a bid to contain rising insecurity in Ondo State, Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu, has ordered massive recruitment into the State Security Network known as the Amotekun Corps in its second batch recruitment exercise. Governor Akeredolu was the first to launch the Amotekun Corps last year in the south west region to help tackle criminal elements in the state. Categories of officers to be recruited include regular officers, intelligence corps and volunteers. Commander of the Corps, Chief Tunji Adeleye, in a statement, said interested applicants must be between 20 and 70 years. The Amotekun Corps in Ondo State had helped to stem the tide of kidnapping and other criminal activities in the state. Meanwhile, the 32 Artillery Brigade of the Nigeria Army has disowned one Corporal Innocent Victor arrested and paraded by the police for armed robbery. Corporal Victor had claimed to be serving with the 32 Artillery Brigade. He was arrested alongside one Police Constable, David Friday after allegedly robbing some persons in Idanre Local Government. In a statement, spokesman of the 32 Artillery Brigade, Captain Ayorinde Omojokun, said that Victor was not a serving Army personnel of 32 Artillery Brigade and has never worked as a Nigerian Army personnel. Similarly, the monarch of Ode Erinje community in Okitipupa Local Government Area of the state, Oba Adekoye Ipinsanmi Emmanuel has sent a save- our- soul message to the Inspector-General of Police, Mohammed Adamu, over activities of criminals and hoodlums in his kingdom. Oba Adekoye, in a letter said Ode Erinje had become a den for criminals where stealing, rape and cultist-related attacks occurred on a daily basis. The letter co-signed by some community leaders read in part: “We write as concerned indigenes of Erinje Community to vehemently register our displeasure over the rampaging criminal activities that have overtaken our erstwhile peaceful community. “Before now, Erinje Community has been known for her relative peace which most of the neighbouring communities have been emulating, not until recently when some hoodlums have hijacked our community, thereby turning our town into a den of criminals even to the dislike of average peaceful indigenes and outsiders. “It has become an order of the day at Ode Erinje that an innocent lady or even a married woman can just be accosted along the road, stripped naked, and raped by hoodlums. Not only that, stealing is no longer a crime at Ode Erinje, it has become the order of the day. “Apart from the vandalism and cultism, all sorts of social vices cannot be overemphasised. Hence, our coming together as representatives and stakeholders of the town to seek the assistance of the law enforcement agencies to help restore the perennial peace the town is known for. “Your timely intervention is needed in putting the community back to its normal and usual peaceful status. “We are ready to work with your team to fish out these hoodlums and this we shall do without fear or favour.” The Nation The Development Agenda for Western Nigeria (DAWN) Commission has explained the reason Amotekun Corps has not taken off in the six Southwest states. The commission, in a statement by its Director-General Mr. Seye Oyeleye in Ibadan Tuesday, explained that the six states were in the process of recruiting personnel into… April 14, 2020 In "News" The 32 Artillery Brigade of the Nigeria Army has disowned one Corporal Innocent Victor who was arrested and paraded by the Nigeria police for armed robbery. Corporal Victor had claimed to be serving with the 32 Artillery Brigade. He was arrested alongside one Police Constable, David Friday after allegedly robbing… January 22, 2021 In "News" Southwest governors have kicked against the plan to put the Operation of the Western Nigeria Security Network (WNSN) under the Inspector-General of Police. The WNSN code-named Operation Amotekun, was inaugurated last year to respond to the surge in insecurity, killings and kidnapping in Lagos, Oyo, Ogun, Osun, Ondo and Ekiti… August 27, 2020 In "News"