Twitter CEO, Jack Dorsey has been lambasted by a Nigerian politician for banning President Donald Trump from the platform.  The former Aviation Minister, Femi Fani-Kayode in the early hours of today, via his Twitter handle, said he did not celebrate or take pride in banning US President, Donald Trump, from the app. Dorsey tweeted ”I do not celebrate or feel pride in our having to ban @realDonaldTrump from Twitter, or how we got here. After a clear warning we’d take this action, we made a decision with the best information we had based on threats to physical safety both on and off Twitter. Was this correct? I believe this was the right decision for Twitter. We faced an extraordinary and untenable circumstance, forcing us to focus all of our actions on public safety. Offline harm as a result of online speech is demonstrably real, and what drives our policy and enforcement above all.” Reacting to Dorsey’s explanation, FFK asked the tech expert to stop kidding himself. According to FFK, Dorsey took great pride in banning the US President from the app. ”Stop kidding yourself. You took great pride & pleasure in doing what u did. It was sadistic & it reflected ur pathological hatred for Trump & those on the right. You shut out an alternative voice & u sought to silence a great man. It was a betrayal of trust & an abuse of power!” he tweeted  Twitter founder, Jack Dorsey Jack Dorsey, Twitter CEO has tackled President Donald Trump as he revealed why the US President's tweets on mail-in-ballots was fact-checked. He also responded to Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg’s comment that Twitter should not be “an arbiter of truth”. Dorsey rejected Zuckerberg’s tag, and explained Twitter’s… May 28, 2020 In "News" Donald Trump Jr.'s Twitter account was restricted after he posted a video of a doctor claiming hydroxychloroquine 'cures' coronavirusHis pokesperson Andrew Surabian posted the notification of the ban, claiming, 'Big Tech is the biggest threat to free expression in America'Trump also retweeted the video and made posts praising hydroxychloroquineDr. Stella… July 28, 2020 In "Foreign" After years of user-growth struggles, Twitter just announced that its CEO Dick Costolo has chosen to step down July 1, though he’ll remain on the board. Twitter co-founder and Square CEO Jack Dorsey will be the interim CEO. A conference call with investors has been set for2:15 p.m. PST today to discuss… June 12, 2015 In "Foreign"