A former member of the Bauchi State House of Assembly, Abdulmumuni Ningi, who was kidnapped recently has been released from captivity.  The PUNCH had reported the Bauchi State Police Command confirmed that the former Lawmaker who represented Ningi Constituency in the last Assembly in the State, was kidnapped by some gunmen last Thursday night. He was kidnapped on his way home along the Bauchi State Agricultural Development Programme quarters around Isa Yuguda guest house.  The former lawmaker was released by the kidnappers after spending seven days in their hands at an unknown destination. A family member, who spoke to journalists in a telephone interview, confirmed that Ningi had been released and had returned home to his family. He said the victim was released on Wednesday evening and got back home about 11 pm. It was unclear if any ransom was paid and how much was paid. The family member also refused to confirm whether a ransom was paid, saying, “We are only grateful to Allah that our brother is back home hale and healthy.” Efforts to get Police reaction on the development proved abortive. Source Abdulmumuni Ningi, a former member of the Bauchi State House of Assembly, has been kidnapped by some gunmen on Thursday night. The Bauchi State Police Command confirmed the kidnap of the former lawmaker, who represented Ningi Constituency in the last Assembly. The Bauchi Police Public Relations Officer, Ahmed Wakil, told… January 15, 2021 In "Politics" Bashir Mohammed, a member of the Taraba State House of Assembly, representing Nguroje State Constituency, who was kidnapped by gunmen on Wednesday, has regained freedom, a report by The PUNCH has shown. An aide to the lawmaker told The PUNCH that his boss was released by his abductors last night.… December 12, 2020 In "News" Kidnappers in Bachi state have killed the 15-year-old son of a medical doctor, Rilwanu Sadiq, after reportedly collecting N4.5million ransom. Abubakar who attends a Secondary school in Bauchi, was abducted in front of his father’s house along Gombe road in Ningi local government area of the state on April 1st,… April 13, 2020 In "News"