Ejike Mbaka, a Catholic priest, has warned the Buhari administration that the youth will rise against the government if it does not cater to their needs. Mbaka, spiritual director of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Nigeria (AMEN), issued the warning during the 2020 edition of the crossover night session tagged, “Cornucopia of New Miracles from God”. The cleric warned the government that politicising the condition of the youth would lead to an end of the political system. “The Holy Spirit of God asked me to warn the government of the day to be very careful; to change policies and take care of the youths without politicising their (youths’) condition,” Mbaka said. “That the government should rise and urgently create jobs and innovate opportunities that would benefit the youths of the nation because they have suffered so much. “Don’t politicise the condition of the youths, otherwise, they will arise and end the political system. “Should the government fail to do so as soon as possible, that time is coming when the youths will rise against the government, and that any attempt to stop them will end the government” Mbaka also took a swipe at lawmakers whom he described as “kidnappers”. He said the anger of God will fall on many people in the political circle for allegedly looting the nation’s resources. “I can see a year ahead; it is not specific whether it is in 2021 that this will happen, but it is within a time in the time of life, that the anger of God will befall many people in the political circle because they have looted so much and disgraced this nation enough,” he said “Those who should be serving the country have looted the country dry for their personal aggrandisement, such that our children and grandchildren no longer have a future. “They have kidnapped the opportunities meant for the youths, kidnapped the nation’s wealth and jobs meant for the youths. They have kidnapped a lot of infrastructure development.” TheCable Spiritual Director of the Adoration Ministry Enugu Nigeria (Amen), Rev. Fr. Ejke Mbaka has said those who plot to destabilise Nigeria would receive dire punishment from God. In his homily, yesterday at the weekly prayer at the Umuchigbo Nike Enugu state adoration ground he berated those blaming the present government… February 27, 2020 In "Metro" Now that the Supreme Court has nullified the election of the Peoples Democratic Party’s Emeka Ihedioha as the governor of Imo State and declared the All Progressives Congress’ Hope Uzodinma the winner of the March 9, 2019 governorship election in the state, I owe it to readers of last week’s… January 16, 2020 In "Opinion" Your preachers cover up for the politicians by pretending to have received visions and special revelations. They say: “This is what God, the Master, says . . .” when God hasn’t said so much as one word. Ezekiel 22:28. The Message Translation. This denunciation of fake prophets especially caught traction… January 18, 2020 In "News"