President-elect Joe Biden has arrived at the US Capitol where he would be sworn-in as the 46th US President.  He was accompanied by his wife Jill Biden. The incoming Vice President Kamala Harris has also arrived and accompanied by her spouse Douglas Emhoff. Also present to grace the ceremony is a former US President Barack Obama and his wife Mitchell Obama.  Other VIPs have also arrived for the event which will not be attended by outgoing US President Donald Trump. Hours ago, AFP reported that Biden attended a mass at St Matthew’s Cathedral in Washington DC, accompanied by Democratic and Republican leaders of Congress in a symbol of unity ahead of his inauguration. The future 46th President of the United States was accompanied by his wife Jill Biden, Democratic House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, as well as Republican Senate leader Mitch McConnell and House leader Kevin McCarthy. Violinist Patricia Treacy, soprano Renée Fleming and the St. Augustine Gospel Choir were to perform during the mass. Source President Donald Trump began his final full day in the White House Tuesday with a long list of possible pardons to dish out before snubbing his successor Joe Biden’s inauguration and leaving for Florida. On Wednesday at noon, Biden will be sworn in and the Trump presidency will end, turning… January 19, 2021 In "Foreign" By Harrison Arubu New York -U.S. Democratic Party has officially nominated former Vice President, Mr Joe Biden, as its candidate for the Nov. 3 presidential election. Joe, whose nomination came on the second day of the party’s virtual National Convention on Tuesday night, will face incumbent President Donald Trump in… August 19, 2020 In "Foreign" Former President Barack Obama has endorsed his former vice president, Joe Biden as the Presidential candidate of the Democratic party and the President of the United States. In a video message he shared on his social media accounts, the former US President urged Democrats to rally behind Biden and form… April 15, 2020 In "Foreign"