Nigerian actress, Omotola Jalade has lambasted a popular blog which alleged she had something to do with former APC leader, Adams Oshiomole.  An Instagram blog known as gistlover linked her to the former governor. Though the actress kept her cool, her fans kept tagging her to the post and asked her to comment. Not happy about it, Omotola is asking her fans to please report the page so it can be taking down. Her very angry words saying she is innocent right after the cut. “I ordinarily don’t do this but after thinking about it thoroughly and seeking advice I have decided to! So.this Blog ran this story and people started coming to my page. I’ve always known there are people who are sick and will tell you stories that have Never happened but to publish that on a platform as big as Instagram? You must be held accountable …. *** I have demanded they FINISH and PROVE THIS STORY … problem is, this blog is hiding under anonymity! ( faceless blogging ) There are more credible blogs out there … follow blogs with accountability. Can everyone who loves me and what i have stood for all these years pls…. Report this page Report this page Report this page And to those of you are addicted to cheap gossip. If you’re not interested in damaging ppl unnecessarily then demand proof of this Story! I’m giving this 24hrs! Thanks.” Barely a week after she revealed on her Instagram page that she has tested positive for coronavirus, screen diva, Omotola Jalade-Ekeinde, has recovered from the deadly disease, Vanguard reports. The 42-year-old actress made this known yesterday, on the popular filmmakers’ WhatsApp group, Filmic, while reacting to the debate on how… August 23, 2020 In "News" By Ojonugwa Ugboja (With Agency Report) Nigeria movie industry, Nollywood, has recorded unprecedented growth over the years, and with it has come the reality of actors struggling to keep up with the pace of events. Some actors who once starred on our screens, week-in week-out have all of a sudden… March 17, 2018 In "Features" Here are five female celebrities who don’t have to work a day because they have really rich hubbies. 1. Dakore Egbuson Akande Dakore Egbuson Akande needs no introduction as she’s one of the biggest names in the entertainment industry, Nollywood to be precise. Dakore’s acting career has been one which… January 25, 2019 In "Entertainment"