Jim Lawson Maduike, a veteran Nollywood actor, has died, PREMIUM TIMES reports.  The Actors’ Guild of Nigeria (AGN) president, Emeka Rollas, confirmed the news of his death on Saturday. The actor died on Saturday after reportedly complaining of body aches at around 12 pm. The late actor was also an accomplished broadcaster, writer, and TV personality who featured in over 150 movies in his lifetime. He joined Nollywood in 2004 where he played lead roles in most films. The Imo State-born broadcaster, voice-over artiste, and actor worked with the Federal Radio Corporation of Nigeria, for 14 years. He was also a pioneer staff of Ray Power Radio for three years, and then for MINAJ for another three years before venturing into Nollywood. Some of his memorable roles were in movies like ‘My Conscience’, ‘The Trust’, ‘Queen of Aso Rock’, ‘Lust for lust’, ‘Atonement’ and ‘National Cake’. Others are ‘Executive Mess’, ‘Queen Of Hasso Rock’, ‘The Master’, ‘My Conscience’, ‘Enemies In Love’ and ‘Still In Love’. Nollywood actor, Frank Dallas, has died in an hotel room in Abia, State. He died on Wednesday while attending a summit. A statement by Actors’ Guild of Nigeria (AGN) PRO Monalisa Chinda-Coker, mourned the demise of the actor. The statement reads: ”With heart full of sorrow, we announce the sudden… February 21, 2020 In "Top Stories" ABUJA - The Nigerian arts community has been thrown into mourning with the death of veteran Nollywood actor and producer, Obi Madubuogwu. He died Monday from complications related to diabetes. Most popular for his role as King Musanga in the 1996 epic, Battle of Musanga, by Gabosky and Chezkay Films, the… August 29, 2017 In "Entertainment" By Millicent Ifeanyichukwu Lagos - The President, Actors Guild of Nigeria (AGN), Mr Emeka Rollas, says the association never abandoned its member, Earnest Asuzu, down with stroke for years. Rollas told News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Tuesday in Lagos that AGN board was making efforts for another spiritual rehabilitation… February 4, 2020 In "Entertainment"