Benue State Governor Samuel Ortom has asked a Makurdi High Court to fix a date for definite hearing in the N10 billion libel suit he filed against former National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Adams Oshiomhole, and the party. Oshiomhole had sought an out-of-court settlement with Ortom, a move that was communicated to the court on October 13, 2020. The presiding judge, Justice Augustine Ityonyiman, adjourned the matter till October 29, 2020, for the report on the out-of-court settlement. After two adjournments, the last being on December 16, 2020, the case resumed yesterday for the report on the out-of-court settlement. Ladi Achibong, who held brief for Ortom’s counsel, Samuel Irabor, told the court that the out-of-court settlement had failed and that it appeared that the defendants were not serious about the proposed settlement. The lawyer said she had Irabor’s express instruction to ask the court to fix a date for definite hearing of the suit. But Titus Akuha, who held brief for counsel to Oshiomhole and the APC, Festus Jumbo, opposed Ortom’s lawyer’s submission. The lawyer said all the terms of settlement had been met, except one issue that was still pending. So, the settlement cannot be said to have failed, he insisted. After listening to counsel to the parties, Justice Ityoyiman adjourned the matter till February 26 for the report on the out-of-court settlement or the definite hearing. The Nation A former National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress, Adams Oshiomole, on Tuesday, sought for an out-of-court settlement in the N10bn libel suit instituted against him by Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom.   Ortom had filed the suit against the former APC chairman over his comments against him at a… October 14, 2020 In "Politics" A Federal High Court in Abuja has restated its orders made on June 1 including that restraining the Edo State Governor, Godwin Obaseki from arresting the suspended National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Adams Oshiomhole, over alleged indictment in a white paper submitted to the state government. Justice… June 17, 2020 In "News" A High Court of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) in Jabi, Abuja on Thursday dismissed a suit filed against the immediate past Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Adams Oshiomhole and three others. The suit, marked: FCT/HC/CS/837/2020 was filed earlier this year by a chieftain of the APC, Comrade… July 2, 2020 In "News"