Kano state has lost a prominent politician and elder statesman in the person of Bello Isah Bayero.  Bayero, a strong ally of President Muhammadu Buhari and cousin to present Emir of Kano, Alhaji Bello Isa Bayero died Thursday night at the age of 87 at the Malam Aminu Kano Teaching Hospital (AKTH) after a brief illness. He was the National Chairman, APC Supporters Movement and onetime Chairman of the National Hajj Commission of Nigeria (NAHCON). Alhaji Bello was born into the Kano royal family; his father was a brother to the late Emir of Kano, Alhaji Ado Bayero. He was a seasoned politician who held several positions in both the private and public sectors. The late Alhaji Bello Isa Bayero aspired a number of times to represent Kano Central Senatorial District at the National Assembly. Reacting, Governor Abdullahi Ganduje, in a condolence message by his Chief Press Secretary, Mr Abba Anwar, on Friday in Kano described Bayero’s death as a great loss, not only to his family but the state. He said, “We received, with the deepest shock, the death of Alhaji Bello Isah Bayero, who died when the state and the nation needed him the most. “He was a gentleman, whose political leadership helped in the restoration of our democracy. “As a gentleman, who trained many in many human endeavours, we missed him the most. “His death is a great loss to Nigerian democracy, our traditional institution and political leadership. “Bayero was an embodiment of humility, excellence, productivity, openness, transparency, accountability and that he was a father to the state and Nigerian democracy. “What remains for us now, is to pray for Allah’s forgiveness and blessings on his soul and seek Allah’s guidance to give us all the courage to bear this great loss. “On behalf of the government and people of Kano State, I am sending this condolence to his immediate families, our royal institution, friends and all other well-wishers of the late elder statesman, Bello Isa Bayero.’’ Source Despite the powerful lobby put up on his behalf by the All Progressives Congress (APC), ousted governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria, Sanusi Lamido Sanusi, has failed in his bid to succeed the late emir of Kano, Alhaji Ado Bayero, who died on Friday, June 6 at age 83… June 8, 2014 In "News" It was jubilation galore in the ancient city of Kano on Wednesday when the Kano state Governor, Dr. Abdullahi Umar Ganduje presented appointment letters to the brand new Emir of Kano, Alhaji Aminu Ado Bayero and the Emir of Bichi, Alhaji Nasiru Ado Bayero. The two brothers, sons of the… March 11, 2020 In "News" Kano- Alhaji Ado Kurawa, the former Director, Research and Documentation Unit, Ado Bayero Foundation, has described the late Emir of Kano, Alhaji Ado Bayero, as the most influential monarch in the history of Kano Emirate Council. Kurawa made the remark at the first memorial lecture of the revered traditional ruler… June 7, 2015 In "News"