Residents of Bonny Local Government Area in Rivers State on Thursday carried out a fresh protest, this time they stormed the Government House and Rivers State House of Assembly in Port Harcourt, the state capital. The protesters are calling for an immediate end to the attacks and killings on the Bonny Island waterway by pirates. The protesters, mainly the youths marched from UTC junction on Azikiwe road to Government House Port Harcourt to register their grievances and to the Rivers State House of Assembly where the member representing Bonny Constituency, addressed them.  Part of their demands is for the government to set up security checkpoints on the Bonny high sea and empower security agencies to tackle violent crime. The Rivers State Government in July 2019 launched a special security initiative, codenamed “Operation Sting” in which patrol vehicles and gunboats were donated to security agencies to tackle violent crimes on roads and waterways in the state. The Rivers State Police Command last week deployed 366 special constabularies to various localities for its community policing initiative, but the Bonny protesters say there has been no improvement in the security situation in bonny. Bonny Local Government Area can only be accessed through the high sea, as the Federal Government’s 120 billion Naira, 37-kilometer bridge to connect the Island to mainland Rivers State is yet to be completed. Some residents had earlier on Monday staged a protest on the Island over the insecurity which they say has claimed many lives. The protesters told Channels Television that the most recent of the attacks was on January 5, 2021, when two indigenes drowned in the river after pirates attacked their boat. They added that the pirates after the attack made away with valuables from the passengers, and asked them to jump into the high sea. Meanwhile, due to the high rate of attacks by pirates on the Island, the Rivers State Government in July 2019 launched a special security initiative, code-named “Operation Sting” in which patrol vehicles and gunboats were donated to security agencies to tackle violent crimes on roads and waterways in the state. Last week, the Rivers State Police Command also deployed 366 special constabularies to various localities for its community policing initiative. The Bonny protesters, however, insist that there has been no improvement in the security situation in bonny. Bonny Local Government Area can only be accessed through the high sea, as the Federal Government’s N120 billion, 37-kilometer bridge to connect the Island to mainland Rivers State is yet to be completed. Channels TV Bonny Island residents protest Pirate attacks and killings. Residents of Bonny Local Government Area of Rivers State on Monday protested on the Island lamenting over incessant attacks and killings by pirates on their waterway for many years. The protesters who are mostly youths resident on Bonny Island told Channels Television… January 11, 2021 In "News" By Desmond Ejibas Bonny - The Nigerian Navy has called for more effective collaboration between security agencies and the people to tackle crime in Rivers. The navy decried the upsurge in criminality across various communities and on waterways, express optimisms that it would be successful, if the residents were fully… May 30, 2019 In "News" Bonny (Rivers)- All Progressives Congress (APC) stakeholders in Bonny Local Government Area of Rivers, have called on the Federal Government to deploy security agents and secure its waterways. APC leader in the local government, Mr George Tolofari, made the call in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN)… September 11, 2016 In "Politics"