Police authorities have said that Fulani Herdsmen are not under attack or being chased out of Ebonyi State. In a communique on Monday, the spokesperson for the Ebonyi State Command, DSP Odah Loveth Obianuju warned the public to beware of distorted and misleading videos in circulation all over social media. DSP Odah explained that on the 2nd of January, 2021 one Fulani herdsman- Alhaji Adamu residing at Ozibo village in Nkaleke Ichaba/Enyibishiri Community in Ebonyi L.G.A of Ebonyi State decided to relocate with some members of his family to Taraba State in-search of greener pastures for his Cows as the dry season is setting in. She said Alhaji Adamu also informed the village chairman and Ichaba Development Centre Coordinator before his peaceful and Voluntary relocation, a story which the police spokesperson says has now been twisted for ill reasons. “For the avoidance of doubt, Alhaji Adamu left seven other members of his family (Alhaji Musa Danfo and six others) who are still residing at the same settlement with some of their cattle,” DSP Odah stressed. The command image-maker said prior to the fake videos making the rounds, there was no record of a threat to the life of the peace-loving herders or their cows, neither to those residing in the said camp or in the entire State. The police communique further revealed that the Fulani community On Saturday paid Christmas and new year’s visit to Governor David Umahi, adding that the herders never raised any claim about being attacked. “However, the mischief-makers and the enemies of the State made a voice record over the video to create panic, mislead the public and misrepresent the peaceful coexistence of the Herders and their host communities in Ebonyi State,” the spokesperson’s statement read in part. The command urged the general public to regard the videos making the rounds as fake, baseless, and mischievous. Meanwhile, the Commissioner of Police Ebonyi State, CP Philip Sule Maku has ordered a full-scale investigation into the matter with a view to arresting those behind the fake video for possible prosecution. The CP also reassured the general public particularly the Fulani Herdsmen and their host communities in Ebonyi State of the command’s continued commitment to ensuring the safety and security of their lives and properties. Channels TV By Chukwuemeka Opara   Abakaliki   -     The Ebonyi Police Command on Monday in Abakaliki confirmed a herdsmen attack on the Onunwakpu community of Izzi Local Government Area of Ebonyi which left four persons dead. ASP Loveth Odah, the state Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), told the News… March 13, 2018 In "News" Two persons were feared dead while three others are missing in a renewed boundary clashes between the people of Izzi in Ebonyi State and the people of Obubra in Cross River State. News Express gathered that some houses in the community were also burnt while many residents of the area… September 25, 2020 In "News" - Nnamdi Kanu today July 24 visited Ebonyi state - The IPOB leader was massively received in the state - Radio Biafra however said Nigeria federal government will be held responsible should anything happens to Nnamdi Kanu during his visit to the state - Nnamdi Kanu however had to trek… July 24, 2017 In "Top Stories"