The Peoples Democratic Party in Lagos State said on Saturday that it would endorse Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State as the leader of the party in the South-West.  Giving the indication after a meeting with Governor Makinde in Ibadan on Saturday was the Deputy Chairman of the PDP in Lagos State, Alhaji Waliu Hassan. Hassan, who lauded the outstanding role of the governor in the sustenance of the party, pledged members’ loyalty to him as a force to reckon with in the South-West PDP. A former House of Representatives member, Rita Orji, while addressing journalists after the stakeholders’ meeting held at the Government House, Agodi, Ibadan, urged the governor not to relent in his leadership roles. The Lagos PDP chapter, while expressing its resolve to ensure amicable resolution of conflicts within its fold, said, “The purpose of today’s meeting is to thank Governor Makinde for standing by the party and to pledge total loyalty to his leadership of the South-West. No more, no less. “We can tell you that the governor does not want anything from us. He, as the Chief Security Officer of Oyo State, needs nothing from the party. Rather, we are the ones who came all the way from Lagos to plead with him to keep leading the party. ‌ “We resolved to, irrespective of any rancour, move the party forward and we will ensure that the party takes its better seat in 2023. We did not come here to discuss who takes anything for zonal congress. The congress will soon come up and for all we care, we have come to restate our commitment to our own governor. “It is the full structure of Lagos that is represented here. Out of 19, we have the representation of 12 local government chairmen. We also have 17 complete non-working committee members of state exco here present. We have the deputy chairman of the party here. We have the secretary, legal adviser and the entire party structure of Lagos State here. This is a complete House of PDP, Lagos State.” Source By David Adeoye Ibadan - Gov. Seyi Makinde of Oyo State has urged Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) members in the South-West geopolitical zone to unite, reposition the party and help it to regain its lost glory. Makinde made the call while speaking at the PDP South-West stakeholders’ meeting held at… March 13, 2020 In "News" The Southwest chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has been hit by crisis, following irreconcilable differences between its zonal leader, Oyo State Governor Seyi Makinde and former Ekiti State Governor Ayodele Fayose. The bone of contention is the outcome of the Ekiti PDP parallel congresses, which produced two chairmen,… September 10, 2020 In "Politics" Oyo State Governor, Mr Seyi Makinde, has said those jostling to become the president on the platform of the All Progressives Congress in 2023 should bury their ambitions because God and the Nigerian people have rejected the party. Recall that Makinde had on Tuesday said the urgent need of Nigerians… December 18, 2020 In "Politics"