Presidential Campaign Posters of former Senate President and former Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Senator Anymi Pius Anyim have flooded the Social Media. The campaign posters tagged Progress 2023 with the picture of Anyim have since gone viral. The posters is powered by a group known as Nigerians Ask for Anyim with Facebook and Twitter names as piusanyim2023 while www.nigeriaask4anyim.org as its website. The Nigerians Ask for Anyim 2023 campaign organization is said to be championed by a former House of Reps member in the state. Anyim was a civil servant before joining politics and became Senate President of the Senate in 1999. He did his NYSC in Sokoto and was the only Lawyer running MAMSSA where he served and was employed in the Agency in Abuja. The Jonathan administration appointed him Secretary to the Government of the federation. However, Mr Anyim in a statement on Thursday disassociated himself from the said posters. In a statement he personally signed, Mr Anyim said he had no hand in the said pictures neither did he authorise the same. “As a law-abiding citizen, I am fully aware that it is not the time for the campaign for 2023 elections”.  “The government at the federal level has spent only a year and seven months out of four-year term, grappling with issues of governance and so should not be distracted”. He enjoined the general public to disregard such posters and or publications as such is not from him. The Nation ABUJA  -     The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission has released a former Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Anyim Pius Anyim. Anyim was released on Tuesday just as the anti graft agency seized his passport. The anti-graft agency has equally instructed the ex-SGF to report to the commission every two weeks… November 23, 2017 In "Top Stories" Ebonyi State governor, David Umahi has sacked most of his political appointees from Ivo Local Government Area of the State. One of his former allies and former Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Senator Pius Anyim is from Ishiagu community in the local government area. The sack comes barely… December 2, 2020 In "News" •Senator Anyim Pius Anyim ABAKALIKI - Legal practitioners in the Ebonyi State judiciary on Saturday, December 5, 2020 alleged that they were coerced by a prominent member of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to sign a communiqué against the former Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF), Senator… December 6, 2020 In "Top Stories"