President-elect Joe Biden and Vice President-elect Kamala Harris will have an inauguration ceremony unlike any other in American history.  A portion of the event will take place in front of the U.S Capitol and feature Biden, future First Lady Jill Biden, Harris, and incoming Second Gentleman Doug Emhoff. There will also be a virtual parade across America, in an effort to contain the spread of the novel coronavirus, featuring several musical acts, local bands, poets and dance troupes who will be paying homage to frontline health workers, People.com reports. Additionally, the inauguration will feature a January 20 primetime television special called, Celebrating America, hosted by actor Tom Hanks, in what the inaugural team calls a ‘capstone’ to “showcase the American people’s resilience, heroism, and a unified commitment to coming together.” The 90-minute program will air on the major broadcast and cable news networks, except for Fox, which is streaming it instead, according to a news release from the inauguration team. The special will also include speeches by both President-elect Biden and Vice President-elect Harris, as well as celebrity performances. Here is a list of every artist performing during Inauguration Day. Lady Gaga & Jennifer Lopez The Official account of the Presidential Inaugural Committee announced on January 14 that Lady Gaga will be performing the National Anthem and Jennifer Lopez will put on a musical performance. Andrea Hall will lead the Pledge of Allegiance and Amanda Gorman will perform a poetry reading. Ant Clemons & Justin Timberlake In addition to Jon Bon Jovi and Demi Lovato, Ant Clemons and Justin Timberlake will perform their song “Better Days” during Celebrating America. Timberlake said on the Today show that he was “incredibly excited” by the opportunity, calling it an “honour.” “We got the phone call to be asked for that and I was like, ‘Uhh yes,’” he said. Garth Brooks On January 18, the Country Music Hall of Famer announced in a press conference that he will be performing as ‘a statement of unity.’ “This is kind of how I get to serve this country,” he said on a Zoom call with reporters. “I’ve played for every president there is, since Carter, with the exception of Reagan. This is an honour for me to get to serve and it’s one of the things that, if my family is around, no matter who the president-elect is, it’s an honour to be asked,” he said. New Radicals The band is set to reunite after 20 years to perform their 1998 hit song “You Get What You Give” at the virtual event, Parade Across America. “If there’s one thing on Earth that would possibly make us get the band together if only for a day, it is the hope that our song could be even the tiniest beacon of light in such a dark time,” Gregg Alexander, lead singer and founder of the group, said in a statement to Rolling Stone. The rock group disbanded just a few months after the release of their Top 40 smash hit and have not performed since 1999. Alexander shares that they want this performance to act as a source of faith for viewers. Tim McGraw & Tyler Hubbard The Country stars are expected to perform their new song “Undivided” during Celebrating America, organizers told PEOPLE exclusively. The song’s message, as Tyler Hubbard (one half of Florida Georgia Line), said, is of unity, a parallel to Biden’s campaign. Speaking with CBS This Morning, Hubbard said that when he learned of the deadly insurrection at the U.S. Capitol this month, “I thought, ‘Man, I thought we needed this message last year.’ ” “I didn’t think we could need it any more than we needed it last year, but apparently we still do,” he said. “The Capitol thing [is] something that I don’t know that I’ve processed well enough to even put into words yet,” McGraw also told CBS This Morning. “It was so sad and so profound and something that I never thought I would see in this country.” “But the song, it speaks to more of the social contract that we have with each other. It’s not about politics, it’s about how we’re supposed to treat each other,” he added, Katy Perry A last-minute addition to the bunch, Perry was confirmed to be part of Celebrating America late on the night of January 19. The singer had fans excited after she tweeted a photo of several patriotic microphones from her archives, and later that night, the Biden Inaugural Committee confirmed the news. Ahead of the 2020 election, the singer and American Idol judge vocalized her support for the Biden-Harris campaign. Additionally, Black Pumas will perform and Luis Fonsi and Ozuna will appear on Celebrating America, inaugural organizers said. Source American politician, Kamala Harris has reacted the triumph of Joe Biden over Donald Trump. Harris, Joe Biden's running mate, made after making history as the first woman and black person to be named vice president-elect after Biden was named President-elect. It will be recalled that Joe Biden became the 46th… November 8, 2020 In "Foreign" •Kamala Harris, US Vice President-elect ABUJA - United States vice president-elect, Kamala Harris, has a Nigerian connection. Her niece, is married to Nicholas Ajagu, an indigene of Nimo, Anambra State.While Nick Ajagu is a top executive at Facebook, Meena Harris is said to be a staff attorney at Uber. The… November 7, 2020 In "Top Stories" President Donald Trump began his final full day in the White House Tuesday with a long list of possible pardons to dish out before snubbing his successor Joe Biden’s inauguration and leaving for Florida. On Wednesday at noon, Biden will be sworn in and the Trump presidency will end, turning… January 19, 2021 In "Foreign"