The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission has been cautioned on the implication of rushing to parade arrested suspects.  Chairman of Ovation Media Group Dele Momodu called on the EFCC to stop such act. He said EFCC should stop the parade of suspects who have not been prosecuted and convicted. Mr Momodu’s appeal came after the EFCC’s latest parade of 10 internet fraud suspects in Lagos. “I wish to appeal to EFCC & security agencies to stop rushing to parade pictures of young Nigerians on social media pages when their cases have not been prosecuted and they’re not convicted,” he said on Tuesday. “This habit may permanently damage some of these guys permanently if later found innocent.” Momodu also urged the Nigeria Bar Association (NBA) to intervene in the matter. “Our dear @officialefcc please, it is not every young Nigerian carrying laptop that is a Yahoo Yahoo fraudster… There is no way of repairing the damage of rushing to post pictures of innocent ones amongst the accused. I will appeal immediately to the NBA to intervene speedily,” he said. The media mogul added that having a laptop should not be “automatically criminalised” in Nigeria. “Many youths in most countries today make a living from IT and we should encourage ours,” he said. Set up training schools for aspiring internet fraudsters Adopt new tactics to beat security agents They are young men who live their lives on the fast lane. They love the good things of life but lack the legitimate means to acquire them. Rather than seek legitimate means of fulfilling their… September 26, 2020 In "News" Operatives of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, have arrested a 30-year-old Oladimeji Olusegun Ogunfolaju, owner of Lakers Hotel and Lake County Entertainment in Lagos, and 79 others for alleged involvement in internet fraud. DAILY POST gathered that the hotel is allegedly a haven for Internet fraudsters and is… March 9, 2020 In "Metro" Ismaila Mustapha, a self-acclaimed bureau de change operator whose posh lifestyle has made him a darling of Instagram users, has been arrested by anti-graft operatives, a report by has revealed.  It was gathered that he was arrested in connection to alleged graft. Specifics of Mr Mustapha’s offence, especially the amount and… October 22, 2019 In "News"