Deputy Vice-Chancellor, Damola Oke has been appointed by the Senate of the Lagos State University as the acting Vice-Chancellor of the institution.  He was appointed at the emergency senate meeting held on Monday, January 11. Lagos State Governor and Visitor to Lagos State University, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, had cancelled the ongoing process set up for the appointment of a substantive ninth Vice-Chancellor of the University. The Governor further directed that a fresh process that would terminate in 45 days should commence immediately. The outgoing Vice-Chancellor, Professor Olanrewaju Fagbohun, was also directed to convene an emergency Senate meeting for the purpose of appointing one of the Deputy Vice-Chancellors, who is not a candidate in the cancelled selection process as Acting Vice-Chancellor from Monday, January 11, 2021, when his tenure expires. Following the expiration of the tenure of Fagbohun, today, a joint Selection Committee of the Senate and Council was set up by the university to interview candidates for the position. The Committee was expected to submit the names of the three best candidates for the job for onward transmission to the Visitor (the Lagos State Governor) for the final selection of one successful candidate for the job. More than 18 Professors from about 10 universities applied for the job. But there was controversy over the qualification of some candidates selected to replace Fagbohun. Details later… Source Babajide Sanwo-Olu, the Lagos State Governor and Visitor to Lagos State University, has cancelled the ongoing process set up for the appointment of a substantive ninth Vice-Chancellor of the University, The PUNCH reports. The Governor further directed that a fresh process that would terminate in 45 days should commence immediately.… January 8, 2021 In "Politics" Lagos -Gov. Akinwunmi Ambode of Lagos State on Wednesday approved the appointment of Prof. Olanrewaju Fagbohun as the eighth substantive Vice-Chancellor of the Lagos State University (LASU). This is contained in a statement signed by the state's Commissioner for Information and Strategy, Mr Steve Ayorinde. The statement said Fagbohun, a… January 6, 2016 In "News" Lagos - The Academic‎ Staff Union of Universities (ASUU), Lagos State University (LASU) chapter, said it would give the new Vice-Chancellor full support, provided he followed the rule of law. Dr Adekunle Idris, Chairman, ASUU-LASU spoke with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Thursday in Lagos. ‎NAN reports that… January 8, 2016 In "News"