A new retirement age has been approved for teachers.  The was given by the Federal Executive Council (FEC) when it approved a bill extending the retirement age for teachers in the country from 60 years to 65 years. The FEC, during its first meeting of the year 2021, presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari, on Wednesday, approved the bill; Harmonized Retirement Age for Teachers Bill, 2021, to be sent to the National Assembly for its consideration and possible approval. The bill also seeks to give legal backing to new measures by the current administration to enhance the teaching profession in the country. If approved by the lawmakers, the retirement age of teachers will move from 60 years to 65 while the years of service will also move from 35 to 40. Minister of Education, Adamu Adamu, who disclosed this to correspondents at the end of the council meeting, said some highlights of the bill include the introduction of bursary award, special rural posting allowances and other measures to attract the best brains to the profession.  Source By Aminu Ahmed Garko   Minna -   The Nigeria Union of Teachers (NUT) in Niger on Monday demanded an increment of retirement age for teachers in the state government’s employ from 60 to 65 years. The state Chairman of NUT, Mr Ibrahim Umar, told newsmen that the demand was… November 6, 2018 In "News" YOLA - The Adamawa State House of Assembly has begun the amendment of the Adamawa State University Law 2001, to  comply with the Nigerian Universities Commission (NUC) guidelines on retirement age. The bill, which is specifically on the retirement age of academic and non-academic staff and tenure of the its… October 19, 2014 In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The 2019 budget proposal was on Friday approved by the Special Federal Executive Council (FEC) meeting. The special session presided over by  President Muhammadu Buhari, started by 10:30am and lasted  till around 1:00pm at the Presidential Villa. Recall that the federal executive council meeting holds… December 7, 2018 In "Top Stories"