Nigerian actress Elvina Ibru revealed on Tuesday that she has contracted coronavirus.  The actress made the revelation in a video she posted on her Instagram page where she said she has been in isolation and taking her medication since she tested positive. Without mincing words, Elvina appealed to Nigerians to believe that the virus is real and take all the necessary precautions as it’s been tough dealing with the disease. In her words, she said: “I just want to tell all of you that walk around without face masks or hand sanitizers that coronavirus is real and am currently battling the virus. “I have been in one room all by myself. I can’t even hug my son, sisters, brother or any of my family members. “Anybody can contract this virus and I don’t think it’s something to be ashamed of or kept from the public. It’s better to let the people out there know that this is serious and it does exist. “I am very lucky to be able to make a video to let everyone know that this is true. Two days ago I couldn’t even do anything because I was constantly coughing and I was in a very bad state. “This virus could have gotten anywhere because I was certain I made sure I stayed at home and avoided some gatherings and parties too but yet I still got the virus. “Please I Urge everyone to be careful out there, this disease is real and make sure you are doing everything possible to be safe.” A post shared by Elvina Baby Ibru (@elvinaibru) A Nigerian mother and her daughter who are both nurses in the United States of America, Uchenna Onyia and Ona Onyia, were recently celebrated on Mothers’ Day/ Nurses’ Week by a popular American TV host, Jimmy Kimmel and famous American actress, Courteney Cox, for their contributions towards saving the lives… May 30, 2020 In "News" Planet Earth on vacation. That’s the way some funny character described the pervading lockdown across the globe on social media. For the first time in living memory, all major cities/countries of the world are either on partial or total lockdown, or contemplating one. Otherwise bubbly cities like New York, Rio… April 5, 2020 In "News" Barely a week after she revealed on her Instagram page that she has tested positive for coronavirus, screen diva, Omotola Jalade-Ekeinde, has recovered from the deadly disease, Vanguard reports. The 42-year-old actress made this known yesterday, on the popular filmmakers’ WhatsApp group, Filmic, while reacting to the debate on how… August 23, 2020 In "News"