Former Aviation Minister, Femi Fani-Kayode has lashed out at the Governor of Borno state, Babagana Zulum for claiming that Christians are also members of the dreaded terrorist group, Boko Haram.  Fani-Kayode called the claim a lie from the pit of hell. Recall that Zulum made the claim over the weekend, alleging that some Christians are members of the deadly sect group, Boko Haram. Governor Zulum made the allegation while speaking at the 17th Chief Gani Fawehinmi annual lecture last week. The governor in his speech at the ceremony, said. “Our borders are so porous and proliferation of arms is existing there. I’m from Borno State, and many of our children are into Boko Haram. I’m not denying the fact. But again, they are being sponsored by many people across the world. Among Boko Haram, we have white men, Asians, Africans, Muslims and Christians.” Reacting to Governor Zulum’s comment via his Twitter handle, FFK described the allegation as a lie from the pit of hell ”The allegation that there are Christians in Boko Haram by Gov. Zulum of Borno state is a lie from the pit of hell. No real Christian will be in the ranks of an Islamic terror group whose objective is to wipe Christianity off the face of the earth. I have lost respect for Zulum.” I read, in the August 29 edition of Thisday Newspaper, the grave allegations made by an Australian by the name of Mr. Stephen Davis about those that he believes are behind Boko Haram. He made some very serious allegations; he mentioned names and I would be interested in seeing the… August 31, 2014 In "Opinion" Former minister of aviation, Chief Femi Fani-kayode has described as despicable, allegation by Australian negotiator, Stephen Davies that former Army Chief, Azubuike Ihejirika was one of the sponsors of the terrorist Boko Haram sect. The Perth-based Davis who was involved in negotiations on behalf of the federal government with commanders… August 30, 2014 In "News" The Governor of Borno State, Babagana Zulum has given a reason why Boko Haram terrorists slaughtered farmers in Borno state. According to him, the real reason is because the residents of the State exposed their members to the military. Babagana, who stated this through his spokesman, Isa Gusau, dismissed claims… December 2, 2020 In "Politics"