Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  No fewer than 52 people escaped death in an accident involving six vehicles on Ihiala road, Ihiala Local Government Area of Anambra as the New Year 2021 began on Friday. Mr Andrew Kumapayi, State Commander, Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), confirmed the incident to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Awka. Kumapayi said the accident which occurred at about 2pm was caused by speeding and loss of control. “The multiple crashes involved a Toyota Hiace bus with registration number AGB268ZT, a Mark Trailer with registration number GWA456YR and another Toyota Hiace bus with registration number NEN106XQ. “Others are an Acura MDX Jeep with registration number NZM764LK, a Marcopolo Luxury bus with registration number AKD483XF and a Hyundai Jeep with registration number EG172SMK,” he said. The commander said that a witness report reaching the FRSC indicated that the driver of one of the vehicles was speeding, lost control of the vehicle and rammed into the other five vehicles. “A total of 52 people were involved in the crash – 38 male adults and 14 female adults. No life was lost. “11 people out of the 52 sustained some degrees of injuries and were taken to Obijackson Foundation and Our Lady of Lourdes hospitals in Ihiala for treatment by the FRSC rescue team. “Meanwhile, the FRSC rescue team from Ihiala were on the ground controlling traffic as the obstructions had been cleared,” he said. While wishing the injured people speedy recovery, the sector commander warned motorists against speed limit violation and urged them to drive safely and stay safe to avoid accidents. By Chimezie Anaso Awka - One person died on Saturday, while nine others sustained injuries in a fatal accident involving two buses. Mr Andrew Kumapayi, the Sector Commander, Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), Anambra Command, who confirmed the death said 10 persons were involved in the accident. Kumapayi said the… November 23, 2019 In "Metro" By Lucy Osuizigbo-Okechukwu   Awka -  A female motorcycle passenger has been confirmed dead in an accident involving a bus and a motorcycle at Ichida in Igboukwu, along Igboukwu-Nnewi road in Auguata Local Government Area of Anambra State. Mr Andrew Kumapayi, the Sector Commander of the Federal Road Safety Corps… October 7, 2020 In "News" Fourteen people on Sunday night escaped death in three separate motor accidents in Anambra state. One of the accidents occurred at Umuokpu, along Onitsha-Awka Old Road, involving two vehicles. The others, which were lone accidents, occurred near a Police check point at Okija, along Ihiala-Owerri expressway and Uga Roundabout, Aguata… June 1, 2020 In "Metro"