Nigeria has been exempted from a list of countries which the United Kingdom placed a travel ban on as part of measures to curb the spread of COVID-19. This is according to a statement on the website of the British government titled, “Coronavirus restrictions on travel and transport to England.” The statement updated on January 22 outlined 30 countries banned form entry into the UK.  The countries include Angola, Argentina, Bolivia, Botswana, Brazil, Cape Verde, Chile, Colombia, Democratic Republic of Congo, Ecuador and Eswatini. Others include French Guiana, Guyana, Lesotho, Malawi, Mauritius, Mozambique, Namibia, Panama, Paraguay, Peru, and Portugal (including Madeira and the Azores). Seychelles, South Africa, Suriname, Tanzania, Uruguay, Venezuela Zambia, Zimbabwe were also included in the list. The statement promised that travellers without proof of a COVID-19 test will be fined £500.  The statement read, “You must have valid proof of a negative coronavirus test to travel to England. You must take the test in the 3 days before you start your journey. “You will need to present proof of your negative test before you board to travel to England. “If you don’t present proof of a negative test result certificate, you may not be able to board your transport to England. “You could be fined £500 when you arrive at the border if you cannot provide proof that you have had a negative coronavirus test.” Punch The United Kingdom has extended the ban on travellers entering England to 11 African countries in a bid to prevent the spread of a new COVID-19 variant identified in South Africa. This was contained in a press statement titled, ‘Travel restrictions update: South Africa ban extended, Israel (and Jerusalem)’ on… January 8, 2021 In "News" Worried about the mutated strain of COVID-19 manifesting itself in the United Kingdom, the Federal Government says it may impose a travel ban to and from certain parts of the world. The Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, disclosed this on Monday in Abuja at a Special Forum… December 21, 2020 In "News" •Boss Mustapha, Chairman, PTF on COVID-19 By the end of December 2020, the extension granted to the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 (PTF on COVID-19) would have expired. It would be recalled that President Muhammadu Buhari extended the end-date of PTF on COVID-19 by three additional months in September, 2020.… November 27, 2020 In "column - Friday"