After amassing 1 million followers in 3 days, Instagram has suspended Tunde Ednut’s account again.  Recall that the musician turned blogger had his first account (@tundeednut) with over 2 million followers suspended for violating the app’s terms and conditions. Ednut rejoined the platform with another handle (@kingtundeednut), on 10th January. Top Nigerian celebrities, entertainers rallied support for his return on the social media platform. But his return was shortlived as Instagram blocked his account for the second time after he had gotten 1 million followers. Meanwhile, Nigerians have taken to social media especially twitter to react over his suspension. Here are few reactions; @seyishayx said, “Tunde Ednut will keep getting suspended until he puts his pride aside and apologise to everyone he’s body shamed and slut shamed. He’s offended Wizkid FC, Elites and even Titans. If these fan bases keep reporting your page, you won’t survive it.” @EWAWUNMIII tweeted, ‘Instagram waited for Tunde Ednut to hit 1M followers and boom, they took his account again. Instagram 2-0 Tunde’ @AsiwajuLerry said “Tunde Ednut opened a new account and started trolling Wizkid again. He even blocked Macaroni all because he said he should be nice to people. Life comes at you real quick.” @itzbasito said, “Mr Macaroni posted Tunde Ednut and made a video for him when he opened his new account, Tunde Ednut got 500k followers in less than 24 hours, then he deleted Mr Macaroni’s video on his page and blocked him.Now his account has been suspended at 1m followers.” @danieliyam said “Tunde Ednut is having content rights ownership issues. That’s the major reason Instagram is picking on him.” By Busayo Onijala Lagos - Award winning musician,, David Adedeji Adeleke , a.k.a Davido has hit 10 million followers on Instagram. Instagram is a social networking application that enables users capture, share and edit photos, videos and messages with friends in a creative way. The ”FIA” crooner thus became the… March 16, 2019 In "Entertainment" Social media has various uses, and since its advent, individuals, celebrities and other public figures have used the platform to their advantage. While some persons troll people, others make money and even relate with fans through different social apps.Instagram is one application majorly meant for video and picture sharing and… December 20, 2019 In "News" The day after his 29th birthday in May, Olalekan Jacob Ponle posted a picture on his Instagram standing next to a bright yellow Lamborghini in Dubai. "Stop letting people make you feel guilty for the wealth you've acquired," he admonished, wearing designer jewellery and Gucci clothes from head to toe.… July 8, 2020 In "News"