In what will come across as a really shocking development, a blood-soaked naked man has been seen walking around with a severed head in Ukraine. The man spotted by neighbours ‘wrapped in intestines carrying his father’s severed head’ while walking the streets has been arrested in Ukraine. The witnesses claim they saw Dmitry Ponomarenko, 30, leave his flat covered in blood and carrying the head of his 53-year-old father Igor Ponomarenko. As he watched in horror, one neighbour said the naked man calmly sat down on a bench in the town of Odessa, southern Ukraine, and lit a cigarette. ‘Covered with blood and wrapped in guts man, holding a severed head, came out of the entrance, sat down on a bench and lit a cigarette’, a resident of the apartment block said on Wednesday. Horrified witnesses called the emergency services, with Police racing to the scene. Once there, officers detained Ponomarenko junior who was found wandering around and hitting parked cars with the head, according to onlookers. A picture shows him with intestines wrapped around his neck during his arrest. Officers found two dead male bodies in the man’s apartment. The beheaded corpse of Igor Ponomarenko was lying on a bed, while another body that belonged to the family’s friend Aleksandr Demchenko, 32, was sliced open and gutted. When asked by cops why he killed the victims, Ponomarenko said it was because ‘he had to’ and that ‘he is a god who is not worshipped’, witnesses said. A police spokesman said to local media: ‘We received calls from shocked people reporting a man walking in the neighbourhood with a severed head in his hand.’ Law enforcement opened a criminal case for double murder against Ponomarenko, who was placed into custody. He faces up to 15 years in prison if found guilty. During police interrogations, Ponomarenko said that ‘he is a god’ and that he ‘sacrificed the victims to himself’. The suspect worked in the Duke Hotel from where he had been fired a day before the incident for being under the influence of drugs and inappropriate behavior, a source said. The motives of the crime are being investigated. Daily Mail UK Phoenix - A court in Arizona said on Tuesday that a man who admitted to decapitating his wife and her two dogs in a bloody incident in Phoenix said he was attempting to ``get the evil out of her.’’ The prosecutor said Kenneth-Dale Wakefield, 43, also said he had smoked… August 4, 2015 In "News" A 50-year-old resident of Michigan, Mark Latunski, was on Tuesday arrested by cops after allegedly murdering a man he met via a dating app and consuming certain parts of his body. According to the reports by WILX media outlet, court documents reveal that the naked body of the victim, a… January 7, 2020 In "Metro" Kinnar Yadav, a jealous husband has shocked people after allegedly killing his wife in a very horrific way. The man is said to have cut his wife's head off just because he caught her talking to their neighbour. Kinnar Yadav, 40, had long suspected his wife Vimla, 35, of being… October 11, 2020 In "Foreign"