Abuja (Sundiata Post) –   Chairman of the Pentecostal Fellowship of Nigeria (PFN) Kaduna chapter, Apostle Emmanuel Egoh Bako, who was abducted alongside his wife has said that a ransom of N4.5 million was paid to secure their release from kidnappers.Recall that the cleric and his wife Cindy were kidnapped by gunmen along the Afana-Fadan Kagoma-Kwo road in Kafanchan, Jema’a Local Government Area of Kaduna State on Friday, December 26. They regained their freedom 48 hours later.In an interview with SaharaReporters, Bako said the police did not in any way contribute to their release.“A ransom of N4.5 million was paid for my wife and me. It was not the police that rescued us; even the kidnappers said the police would start lying that they rescued us, there were no police. We were far gone before the police came, they just stopped at my house; they didn’t even go beyond the fence of my house. Up till this moment, no police have called me, so how can the police say they rescued us? They couldn’t even trace us. Even soldiers couldn’t have located us, the terrain is too harsh, they can only locate us with the use of technology, no police showed up. God just brought us out,” he stated. “I am reachable, I’m accessible, the police should have called me or come to my house. Since they came the day I was kidnapped, they’ve not come back to check on my children or the situation. They just sit in their office and make statements. It angers the people because people know the truth. The government should try to get information from the grassroots and not just sit in the office and draft imaginary statements because the people who go through the experience know what happened and when they hear something different, it angers them. The security agents should go to the grassroots. Bako said the ransom was paid by concerned individuals who were sympathetic enough about securing his release.“These individuals were not even members of my church but people I had impacted their lives at one point or the other. The kidnappers initially demanded a ransom of N20 million. Then they brought it down to N15 million, then N10 million, and then N7 million then. Eventually they put it at N4.5 million. It was paid in cash,” Bako said. “The person that brought it came with the cash and came face to face with the kidnappers, unlike other cases that they will ask the person to drop the money somewhere. We came out with them from the bush. The man that came with the money came face to face with them, handed over the money to them and they released us to him, (they) waved us goodbye and we parted.”Speaking about his experience in the den of the kidnappers, the PFN chairman recalled trekking barefooted for days after he was abducted. “We were taken to thick jungles; we were moved from one mountain to another, one valley to another. (I’m talking about) thick bush, uncultivated land that has been there as virgin lands for years; nobody has farmed there. There are vast land areas in Southern Kaduna, with no human beings, only animals and few cows. We trekked all through. I particularly trekked without slippers, for those three days. I was barefooted and God just preserved me, there were no blisters,”“Sometimes, thorns pricked my legs and I would have to sit to remove them. But our hearts were pure and God is real; we came out strong, no injuries, just like Shedrach, Meshach and Abednego did. They went through the furnace of fire and there was no smell of smoke. We came out, went to the hospital to run some tests. We are healthy, no malaria.“We trekked throughout the three days. We only rested for a maximum of three hours before moving again. Apart from that, the rest of the journey was done on foot. To stay at a spot for too long? No. They were afraid our location could be traced so we just kept changing locations.”Bako said they were not served real food but according to him, it wasn’t a problem for them as he and his wife were accustomed to fasting. He also said the kidnappers had people who supplied them with food.“We were given LaCasera and Coke with some small pieces of bread. There were times they brought rice for us but we weren’t bothered about the food, we were used to fasting. They had people servicing them. They were not cooking; they had people who brought food for them. They were communicating with people who would bring them food.”“They fired two shots at my vehicle, but God defended me. I was not hurt. There was blood, so a lot of people thought I was killed or injured but it was just a scratch on my hand that spilled that blood but after that, we were calm. We treated them like sons, we were showering them with love, we showed them the love of Jesus. We recognise that they wouldn’t have been in those bushes if not for the challenges of life, survival, so we were not confronting, condemning or attacking them.“Instead, we sympathised with them; we just knew that they needed a means of survival. It is just that they chose the wrong path; they were happy that we didn’t condemn or attack them. That melted their heart. They said their victims should be bitter and angry, but we were blessing them, praying for them, so they could leave the bush and go back to their families.“They complained about the government – the hardship. We told them we are all part of it; if you are hungry, we are all hungry. It’s the same government, there are no different governments for each caliber of persons, all of us are suffering but we don’t need to kill one another to survive, there are other means of livelihood. They asked for prayers, they asked for forgiveness. All through, they were asking for prayers and forgiveness, and we kept praying for them.“When they finally got their ransom, they escorted us to safety, waved us goodbye and told us to take ‘Mummy’ (my wife) to the hospital. They told us to return to the (prayer) camp; our prayer worked. (They said) we must not leave the camp, that there would be no attack. They told us about the operations they had had before and they said that was the end. They said they were tired of it and we were so happy.”Bako said the kidnappers were young men between the ages of 17 and 25, who had no jobs, were uneducated and unemployable.“They are all Fulani. They said they didn’t have cows. They don’t know how to read. They are not employable. They don’t know what next and I just feel that something has to be done to take care of this army of youths that are engaging in these heinous activities. The government has to do more to reach out to them. I had compassion for them, honestly. What kept us praying for them was the compassion we had in our hearts for them because if they were a little bit settled, they would not be doing what they were doing. The situation in the country left them destitute. We see them as people who are frustrated, who have nobody to care for them. If they had fathers to care for them, they would also be doing what their fathers did. Their fathers reared cows; what happened such that they don’t have a single cow, so there’s a disconnect somewhere.”Bako stated further that the government had neglected the grassroots, blaming it for the insecurity in the country.He also said the government should identify ambassadors of peace in communities and not only liaise with political leaders who are only after political interests. The elder brother of Governor Bala Mohammed of Bauchi State, Alhaji Adamu Mohammed Duguri, has recounted his ordeals in the hands of kidnappers. He declared that N50 million ransom was paid to secure his release. Duguri, who regained freedom after spending 13 days in kidnappers’ den, said security agents had… April 22, 2020 In "News" By Shuaibu Tatu   Birnin-Kebbi   -     The Kebbi State Police command says it has rescued a pregnant woman, Hajiya Sadiya Tsoho, from kidnappers’ hideout in the state. The command’s Public Relations Officer (PPRO), DSP Mustapha Suleiman, who confirmed the release of the victim on Sunday said, the police rescued the… July 8, 2018 In "Metro" Gunmen have abducted Danladi Sarkin Noma, Pastor of Salama Baptist Church, Zununko village, the Village Head of Ungwan Maje, Bawa Gwamna, and his son Sunday Bawa. The two villages are in Chikun Local Government Area of Kaduna State. Yohana Janukwai, the Village Head of Zununko, when contacted on Monday confirmed… September 15, 2020 In "News"