The Nigeria Governors Forum (NGF) has stated that Governor Akeredolu did not issue an eviction order to Fulani herdsmen in Ondo State or any part of the South West region.  The Chairman of NGF and Governor of Ekiti State, Dr. Kayode Fayemi, who spoke to newsmen after a meeting with the national leadership of the Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria (MACBAN) today January 25, said the speech of Ondo state Governor, Oluwarotimi Akeredolu, was misconstrued. Some of the governors in attendance include Ondo, Osun, Ekiti, Oyo, and Jigawa, and Kebbi states. Recall that on Monday, 18, Governor Akeredolu ordered all unregistered herdsmen to vacate the state’s forest reserves. This generated a lot of controversies as many people interpreted it as the governor asking the Fulanis to vacate the state. Speaking to newsmen after the meeting with Miyetti Allah members, Governor Fayemi said Akeredolu didn’t talk about herdsmen vacating the state but about the registration of herdsmen who want to operate within the reserves. ”Many members of MACBAN were born in the South-West. So, Akeredolu cannot ask Fulani to vacate Ondo State. The area concerned is the forest reserves and it is about registration and also to work in line with the law. What we are after is the criminals, not Fulani herdsmen, criminals are criminals irrespective of their ethnic group.”he said. Source Ahead of Monday’s meeting between South-West governors and the Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria, groups, including the Yoruba socio-political group, Afenifere and its northern counterpart, the Arewa Consultative Forum, on Sunday called for a peaceful resolution of the eviction notice given to herdsmen in Ondo State’s forest reserves.… January 25, 2021 In "News" It is interesting that the Presidency finally found its voice concerning the security situation in Ondo State. In recent months, Ondo State has been at the centre of grave insecurity in the South West. It was here that a first-class traditional ruler was kidnapped and killed. It was here that… January 21, 2021 In "Opinion" Human Rights writers Association of Nigeria (HURIWA) on Saturday accused the Inspector General of Police, (IGP) Mohammed Adamu of partiality and double standards by ordering the Oyo State Commissioner of Police, Mrs. Ngozi Onadeko to arrest the Yoruba Ethnic Rights Activist, Mr. Sunday Ighoho. But, HURIWA said IGP has refused… January 23, 2021 In "News"