At least 20 people were killed in northern India Sunday after a roof collapsed at a crematorium amid heavy rains, police said. Rescue workers spent hours searching the rubble for survivors of the collapse, which occurred in the city of Ghaziabad on the outskirts of New Delhi. Local media reported that 38 people were rescued, while at least 15 were injured and taken to hospital, according to the Press Trust of India. READ ALSO: Immigration Enforces Ban On 100 Travellers For Violating COVID-19 Protocols “We have a confirmation of 20 bodies thus far but the number may rise,” local police officer Mahipal Singh told AFP, adding that the cremation had been for an elderly individual who was not a Covid-19 victim. “They took shelter under the newly constructed structure… The structure could not bear the rain and collapsed, leaving these persons dead.” Prime Minister Narendra Modi late Sunday tweeted his condolences to the victims’ families. Building collapses are frequent in India. Many firms use cheap materials and bribe officials to evade regulations, while on-site safety is lax. Channels TV New Delhi -  At least 16 bodies have been recovered from the debris of a flyover that collapsed in the Indian temple town of Varanasi on Tuesday. Several people were feared trapped, and the death toll could rise, Varanasi District Magistrate, Y.N. Mishra, said. Four people had been rescued so… May 15, 2018 In "Foreign" There are fears that the death toll will rise further in the building collapse At least 17 people are now known to have died when a building collapsed in southern Indian city of Chennai. Some 22 survivors have so far been pulled from the rubble, and 40 others are feared… June 30, 2014 In "Foreign" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Around 70 people were trapped after the collapse of a hotel used as a coronavirus quarantine facility in eastern China on Saturday evening, officials said. At least 38 people have so far been rescued from the rubble of the 80-room Xinjia hotel in coastal Quanzhou city,… March 7, 2020 In "Top Stories"