LAGOS State Governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Thursday, met behind closed doors with the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), at the Presidential Villa, Abuja.  At the end of the meeting, the governor told State House correspondents that more patients in the state were in need of oxygen, hence the decision of his government to build 10 oxygen tents. Sanwo-Olu regretted that the state remained the epicentre of the COVID-19 in the country, while noting that the second wave appeared more infectious than the first. The governor said, “COVID-19 is with us and it is not just something playing in their heads. We have seen, unfortunately, the fatality rate around the country, even in Lagos. One of the things we have realised is that a lot more people require oxygen attention; they need additional breathing aid. So, we have started building what we call oxygen tents. “We are building about 10 of such facilities; we have inaugurated about four or five of them and we are also building proper oxygen plants, additional to oxygen plants in the state so that we can meet the respiratory requirements.” The governor told newsmen how his government was managing the second wave of COVID-19 in the state and how it was trying to rebuild the infrastructure destroyed during the violence unleashed on the state in the aftermath of last year’s #EndSARS protests. ‌He said, “It is work in progress. To take something down takes one day, to rebuild it takes 10 years. It is a journey, not a destination. And so, it is going to take a while. We are carefully taking a proper study to know what we need to do; taking our time to get it right but we have started something.” Florence Onuegbu Lagos - Gov. Babajide Sanwo-Olu of Lagos State has expressed confidence in the response approach initiated by the state Incident Command Centre to tackle the outbreak of the Coronavirus (COVID-19) Sanwo-Olu said this on Sunday when he visited the state-owned bio-security and containment facility at Infectious Disease Hospital… March 2, 2020 In "News" DAY ONE OF THE RESTRICTION   Lagosians  experienced today the beginning of the 14-day restriction of movement ordered by President Muhammadu Buhari in a bid to stop the Coronavirus pandemic.   I would like to note the high level of our people's compliance with this presidential directive. It has shown… March 31, 2020 In "Top Stories" According to Babajide Sanwo-Olu, governor of the state who broke the news, the patient, a female, was discharged on Tuesday. Sanwo-Olu said the state is resolute in its resolve to fight the coronavirus and asked residents to stay at home for their safety. “Dear Lagosians, I announce with immense joy,… April 7, 2020 In "News"