The Special Adviser on Media and Publicity to the President, Femi Adesina has stated that insecurity in Borno state has reduced since the Buhari-led administration.  Appearing on Channels Television’s Sunday Politics, Adesina argued that people cannot use a few events to rate the government low in terms of securing the people. He also averred that Governor Babagana Zulum of Borno state will admit that the security situation in the state he governs is far better than what it was in 2015. Adesina Said; “You don’t take one, two, three events, and then you conclude that it is all failure; you will get to some other parts of the North and they will tell you that things are a lot better. “Even Governor (Babagana) Zulum who is in Borno State which is like the epicentre of the insurgency will tell you that the situation in that state is far better than what it was in 2015.” He further insisted that the Buhari-led administration has done fair enough beyond what was expected. Source Governor Babagana Zulum of Borno State says despite recent happenings, the security situation in the state and the northeast region is better under the President Muhammadu Buhari administration. Zulum made the comment on Sunday while addressing northern elders from the Arewa Consultative Forum in Maiduguri, the Borno capital. “From statewide… December 7, 2020 In "News" MAIDUGURI - A convoy conveying officials of the Borno State Government has been attacked near Monguno town.   The officials were ambushed by Boko Haram terrorists on Friday while they were journeying to Baga, where Governor Babagana Zulum is expected to receive returning IDPs.   It is still… September 26, 2020 In "Top Stories" By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari has felicitated with Gov. Babagana Zulum of Borno as he hits the golden age of 50. Mr Femi Adesina, the President’s spokesman, who disclosed this on Friday in Yokohama, Japan said the governor got a goodwill message from the President. Zulum is… August 30, 2019 In "News"