Residents of Akure, the Ondo State capital who were at the office of the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) to obtain their National Identity Number on Friday left disappointed as the entrance gate was under lock and key. A security personnel on guard said “We are on strike until further notice.” Some persons who waited for some minutes said it was shameful for NIMC staff to embark on indefinite strike action at a time when Nigerians needed their services. It was however alleged that some Akure NIMC staff demanded between N2000 and N5000 to attend to applicants before the strike action. Some claimed they bought registration forms for N50 and another N2000 to fast track the process. An applicant who simply gave her name as Rachel said she has been visiting Akure NIMC office for the past one week without getting registered. She said a man who claimed to be a staff asked her for N3000. Reports from applicants in others parts of the state like Oka Akoko, Owo and Okitipupasaid they were asked to pay to make photocopies of the forms. The Nation The ongoing National Identity Number (NIN) registration appears to be running into more troubled waters, as Nigerians who have turned up for the exercise have been left unattended at various registration centres. This is because workers at the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) have embarked on strike across the country.… January 7, 2021 In "News" The National Identity Management Commission has warned applicants of the National Identification Numbers against patronising roadside registration centres or individuals requesting money from them for registration. The Commission, however, advised members of the public to be cautious of individuals offering to speed up their NIN enrolment process for a fee.… December 25, 2020 In "News" Isa Pantami, the Minister for communications and digital economy has called for the immediate suspension of some National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) staff accused of extorting applicants at the NIMC Bauchi and Kaduna State offices. Kayode Adegoke, head of corporate communications of NIMC confirmed this in a statement released on… January 4, 2021 In "News"