It will be recalled that Tunde Ednut, the controversial celebrity blogger had his Instagram account suspended for the second time on Wednesday, startling his fans.  This suspension is coming three days after he attained one million followers on the platform. It had been reported on December 22, 2020, his account (@tundeednut), which had nearly 2.6 million followers, was suspended ‘indefinitely’ over claims that it violated the app’s terms and conditions. On January 10, he rejoined the platform with another handle (@kingtundeednut) and in less than three days raked in over 1 million followers due to the overwhelming support from some Nigerian celebrities and entertainers. Before his account got suspended, as at the early hours of Wednesday, when he gathered a million followers, he did a N1million ‘giveaway’. According to The Nation, it was learnt that Ednut’s second suspension came on the back of claims he had put out a series of posts, which allegedly bordered on degrading and body-shaming women, cyberbullying fellow celebrities and engaging in spamming activities that went against Instagram’s policies. Instagram in its ‘account disable policy’ stated: “We disable accounts that have a certain percentage of violating content. We are now rolling out a new policy where, in addition to removing accounts with a certain percentage of violating content, we will also remove accounts with a certain number of violations within a window of time. “Similarly, to how policies are enforced on Facebook, this change will allow us to enforce our policies more consistently and hold people accountable for what they post on Instagram.” Source After amassing 1 million followers in 3 days, Instagram has suspended Tunde Ednut's account again. Recall that the musician turned blogger had his first account (@tundeednut) with over 2 million followers suspended for violating the app's terms and conditions. Ednut rejoined the platform with another handle (@kingtundeednut), on 10th January.… January 13, 2021 In "Social Media Feeds" A popular Nigerian musician has been named as the richest Nigerian on Instagram.  Davido Music superstar, David Adeleke, a.k.a Davido, has emerged the richest Nigerian on Instagram, with his single post valued at over N26 million. According to Instagram Rich List 2019 by Hopper HQ 2019, Davido stands at second position in… July 25, 2019 In "Entertainment" By Joshua Olomu Abuja - Music superstar, David Adeleke, a.k.a Davido, has emerged the richest Nigerian on Instagram, with his single post valued at over N26 million. According to Instagram Rich List 2019 by Hopper HQ 2019, Davido stands at second position in Africa and occupies 38 positions on global… July 25, 2019 In "Entertainment"