Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  The General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God, Pastor Enoch Adeboye has said that a new variant of coronavirus will emerge in 2021 for every Covid-19 vaccine discovered. Adeboye said this will continue to happen until the high and mighty admit that safety is of God. He stated this in his “Prophecies for 2021” released after the church’s virtual crossover service. In the later part of 2020, leading pharmaceutical companies developed a number of vaccines to protect against the coronavirus. Some countries like Egypt and Saudi Arabia have approved the coronavirus (COVID-19) vaccine developed by U.S. pharmaceutical giant, Pfizer and German partner BioNTech for use. However, new variants of the virus have been discovered, with an increased number of cases as countries battle with the second wave of COVID-19. Adeboye said: “Some of the things that happened in 2020 will spill over into 2021. “The world as a whole can only come out of the wounds when they admit the following; “That it is the Most High that rules in the affairs of men not science. Daniel 4:25. “That it is God that gives wisdom to the wise. Daniel 2:20-21. “That God can reduce the so called wisdom of man to foolishness. 1 Corinthians 1:19-20. 4). “That for every vaccine discovered, there is already a variant in the making. This will continue until the high and mighty admit that safety is of the Lord as according to Proverbs 21:31.” According to him, God has said he will begin to deal with nations on an individual basis until they humble themselves and pray. Prophesying about Nigeria, the 78-year-old Cleric said, “God wants us in Nigeria to know that only God can lift a siege. 2 Kings 7:1-end. “The humble who put their trust in God will see the end of the siege. James 4:6.” Meanwhile, the World Health Organisation, WHO, has disclosed that COVID-19 vaccination is no guarantee that the virus would be eradicated. The United States hopes to begin a sweeping program of Covid vaccinations in early December, the head of the government coronavirus vaccine effort said Sunday as cases surge across the worst-hit nation. The beginning of vaccinations could be a crucial turning point in the battle against the virus that has… November 23, 2020 In "Foreign" New Delhi  - Indian Health and Family Welfare Minister Harsh Vardhan said on Thursday that India would have a vaccine against the coronavirus disease by early next year. “We are expecting that our country will have COVID vaccine by the early next year,” Vardhan said in a statement to the… September 17, 2020 In "Foreign" A US-developed vaccine has been shown to be 94.5% effective at protecting people from COVID-19, according to interim results. Produced by Moderna, in collaboration with the US government's "Operation Warp Speed", the vaccine has also been shown to last for up to 30 days in household fridges and at room… November 16, 2020 In "Top Stories"