Anambra House of Assembly Complex has been shut down owing to a COVID -19 scare.  Security operatives have taken over the entire arena to prevent workers and visitors from entering the premises. The social media was awash some lawmakers and staff of the Assembly tested positive for COVID -19, which led to the closure of the complex But Chairman, House Committee on Information, Okechukwu Okoye, has debunked the rumour of coronavirus pandemic in the Assembly Okoye who described the reports as “dangerous rumour” said there was no iota of truth in such stories. However, the lawmaker said the complex was shutdown because of government policy to fumigate some public buildings in the state as a preventive measure against diseases, including COVID19. According to him: “There is no iota of truth in the story. This is dangerous rumour. The truth is Governor Willie Obiano, is fumigating public institutions in the state as a preventative measure against diseases, especially COVID-19. “The Governor started the exercise at the Secretariat. Now it’s the assembly complex.“That’s why we vacated the place and asked workers to also vacate for two weeks because the toxicity of the fumigation. “Nobody has tested positive for COVID19 in the assembly to the best of my knowledge,” Okoye said But Okoye was not on the same page with Speaker Uche Okafor, who told some reporters the complex was shutdown following medical report. He said: “The COVID-19 team in the Ministry of Health came last Thursday to take samples of lawmakers and staff members. “As an institution, we need to lead by example, hence we have decided that the assembly complex be shut for three weeks. “There will be no plenary or committee work and we appeal that those who need to go on isolation should please do so.” When The Nation visited the Assembly complex on Thursday, police men and other security agencies were seen cordoning off the complex. They prevented entry into the place.One of the security operatives said there was instruction that nobody should be allowed into the complex until February 16.  Source By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - House of Representatives has debunked the debunked news making rounds that over 50 Lawmakers tested positive to Coronavirus. The House of Reps described the report as "fake news" and "gross misinformation" and called on the public to disregard the baseless rumour. Recall that… July 8, 2020 In "News" By Lucy Osuizigbo-Okechukwu Awka - The Anambra State House of Assembly has passed a bill to enforce measures initiated to prevent the spread and eradicate Coronavirus (COVID-19) and other dangerous infectious diseases in the state. The Assembly passed the bill during an emergency plenary on Friday, with strict observation of… April 17, 2020 In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - House of Representative on Friday debunked the insinuation that it is sharing cars, describing such media Report as unfortunate. The spokesman for the House of Representatives, Rep. Benjamin Kalu who reacted to the rumour in a statement said members of the house are… March 27, 2020 In "Top Stories"