The federal government’s decision to reopen schools on January 18 has been faulted by the house of representatives panel on basic education and services. Last week, the presidential task force on COVID-19 insisted that the date for school resumption remains January 18. The clarification was made after Adamu Adamu, minister of education, said the federal government was considering shifting the resumption date over rising COVID-19 cases. But in a statement on Saturday, Julius Ihonvbere, chairman of the house committee, said the federal government did not consult the lawmakers before it fixed the date, adding that the cases of the disease are on the rise. Ihonvbere said the resumption of schools should be postponed by three months. “The committee on basic education and services, house of representatives, has received with concern the decision of the federal government to reopen schools on January 18, 2021,” the lawmaker said. “We are particularly concerned that when the infection rates hovered around 500 and under, schools were closed; but now that it hovers well above 1,000 infections daily, schools are being reopened. Why are we rushing to reopen schools without adequate verifiable and sustainable arrangements to protect and secure our children? “They did not consult us; at least in my committee, nobody from the ministry spoke to me. I have been in Abuja. And I am not sure that they spoke to any of my members. “They just don’t see us as part of the critical stakeholders.” Source STATES forced the Federal Government to agree to the reopening of schools on Monday, it was learnt on Thursday. Following the second wave of Coronavirus, the Federal Government through the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19 Control announced in December that schools should not reopen for second term until January… January 15, 2021 In "News" The Federal Government, on Thursday, banned overcrowding and large gatherings such as assemblies and visiting days, as schools reopen on Monday. It also put limitations to class sizes and hostel occupancy and asked the schools to ensure compulsory wearing of face masks by all students, teachers and workers, as well… January 15, 2021 In "Education" State governments on Sunday differed on the Federal Government’s directive that schools in the country should remain shut till January 18 as part of efforts to curb COVID-19 second wave. While states such as Kogi, Anambra, Plateau and Ekiti said their schools would resume on January 18, Rivers, Cross River,… January 4, 2021 In "News"