THE Senate on Monday declined comments on the decision by the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), to ignore its resolution against the sacking of Dr Nasiru Argungu, as the Director General of the National Directorate of Employment.  The Presidency on Monday announced that the President had approved the appointment of Abubakar Fikpo as the acting Director-General of the National Directorate of Employment pending the appointment of a substantive DG. But the spokesperson for the red chamber, Senator Ajibola Basiru, declined comments on the matter when contacted by our correspondent on Monday. Basiru while responding to our correspondent’s enquiry simply said, “The Senate is not in session.” Asked whether the issue would be discussed at plenary on resumption next week, Basiru simply said, “I don’t know.” But the Presidency on Monday announced that the President had approved the appointment of Fikpo as the acting DG of the NDE pending the appointment of a substantive DG. In sacking Argungu last year in the wake of the controversy that trailed the Federal Government’s planned 774,000 jobs, Buhari had directed the Minister of State, Labour and Employment, Festus Keyamo, who supervises the agency to nominate an acting DG for the agency. The Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu, in a statement on Monday said Buhari had approved the nomination made by Keyamo. The statement was titled, ‘President Buhari approves nomination of Abubakar Nuhu Fikpo as the acting DG of the National Directorate of Employment’. Source Malam Abubakar Nuhu Fikpo has been nominated as the acting Director-General of the National Directorate of Employment (NDE). He was nominated by President Muhammadu Buhari contrary to the position of the Senate which on December 10, 2020, according to a report by Punch. The Senate had urged Buhari to rescind… January 18, 2021 In "Politics" By Ismaila Chafe Abuja-  President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Yusuf Magaji Bichi, as new Director-General of the Department of State Service (DSS). The new Director-General replaces Mr. Matthew Seiyefa, who has been acting Director-General since the sack of Lawal Daura, the former boss of the secret service… September 13, 2018 In "Top Stories" Channels TelevisionLIVE TVCHANNELS RADIOPODCASTS 774,00 Jobs: Reps Halt Implementation Of FG’s Special Public Works ProgrammeChannels TelevisionUpdated December 15, 2020 Lawmakers during plenary at the House of Representatives chamber in Abuja (File Photo) House of Representatives has passed a resolution mandating the Minister Of State For Labour Festus Keyamo (SAN), to… December 15, 2020 In "Politics"