….as Minister of Humanitarian Affairs Says 60% of women trafficked in Africa are Nigerians By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Nigeria recorded 717 rape cases in the first 5 months of 2020, the Statistics from Nigerian Police has revealed. This is also as the Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Sadiya Umar Farouk has informed that 60% of women trafficked in Africa are Nigerians, according to WARIF with parents selling their children and family members trafficking their loved ones. Farouk who took to her twitter handle to disclose this, said the statistics made available by the Nigerian Police has it that out of the 799 suspects arrested, 631 of those cases were investigated and charged to court but there were no convictions as at the time of releasing the report. “Young able-bodied African men overcome by the many challenges at home are making the perilous desert or Mediterranean crossing to Europe with deadly consequences, she added. The Minister said she set down the above context regarding her delight at welcoming the new DG of NAPTIP, Imaan Sulaiman-Ibrahim whom she received in audience on Monday. Adding that “NAPTIP is a critical agency because we live in a fraught world in which global imbalances and sundry existential challenges are leading many people down the path of desperation and crime.” The tweets read: Nigeria recorded 717 rape cases in the first 5 months of 2020 according to statistics made available by the Nigerian police. 799 suspects were arrested. 631 of those cases were investigated and charged to court but there were no convictions as at the time of releasing the report. 60% of women trafficked in Africa are Nigerians, according to WARIF with parents selling their children and family members trafficking their loved ones. Young able-bodied African men overcome by the many challenges at home are making the perilous desert or Mediterranean crossing to Europe with deadly consequences. I have set down the above context regarding my delight at welcoming the new DG of NAPTIP, Imaan Sulaiman-Ibrahim whom I received in audience on Monday. NAPTIP is a critical agency because we live in a fraught world in which global imbalances and sundry existential challenges are leading many people down the path of desperation and crime. Chinonso Ugochukwu and Sunday Eyim, two Anambra paedophiles arrested by the police The Nigerian police in Anambra state have arrested two paedophiles in Awka South and Ihiala LGAs, who raped two pre-school girls aged 5 and four years, PM News reports. One of the sexual predators, 27 year-old Chinonso Ugochukwu,… July 18, 2020 In "Metro" By Ikenna Uwadileke Unarguably, cases of rape, child abuse, trafficking in persons and other sexual and gender-based violence (SGBV) have increased in recent times in Nigeria. No doubt, the statistics of women and girls being raped and abused on daily basis from different parts of the country have been very… July 6, 2020 In "Features" As we celebrate Nigerian women who made the headlines in 2020, UN Women in Nigeria defined the Nigerian woman as “a symbol representing – courage, strength, resilience, hope, tenacity and transformational power.” Realising Women’s Rights is about building an inter-generational movement to advance women’s rights and gender equality. It is… January 3, 2021 In "News"