Leader of Boko Haram terror group, Abubakar Shekau, has said the newly appointed service chiefs would fail like their predecessors. He spoke in a nine minutes, 56 seconds-long video, according to HumAngle. The PUNCH had reported that the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), appointed four new service chiefs on Tuesday after much pressure from Nigerians that he bring in fresh hands to pilot the country’s anti-terrorism war especially against Boko Haram in the North-East.  The new service chiefs are Major-General Leo Irabor as Chief of Defence Staff; Major-General Ibrahim Attahiru as Chief of Army Staff; Rear Admiral A.Z Gambo as Chief of Naval Staff; and Air-Vice Marshal I.O Amao as Chief of Air Staff. The failure of the immediate-past service chiefs to conquer the insurgents had ignited the clamour for their removal. In the new audio according to HumAngle, Shekau mentioned the names and the roles of the new service chiefs and called them to repent because they can’t do anything to destroy his terror gang.  “Leo Irabor, the head of the military, you should have sympathy for yourself, repent and convert to Islam. There is nothing you can do,” Shekau reportedly said. The terror group leader also reportedly said Maj-Gen. Ibrahim Attahiru should not deceive himself because he has a Muslim background. “Even if you are Muslim but you conduct polytheistic practices, you are no longer a Muslim,” Shekau was reportedly quoted.  For over 10 years, the Boko Haram terror group had killed hundreds of Nigerians in the North-East. The sect had also burnt down and bombed scores of villages as well as churches. The Nigerian Army and the Presidency had at several times claimed the group had been ‘technically defeated’ and ‘weakened’ but the Shekau’s bloodthirsty faction continues to strike with daring effrontery and crude savagery. (Punch) Air Vice Marshal Isiaka Amao, was born on 14 September 1965 at Enugu. He hails from Oshogbo in LGA of Osun State. He enlisted into the Nigerian Air Force on January 19, 1984 as a member of the 35 Regular Course of the Nigerian Defence Academy. He had previously served… January 26, 2021 In "News" The President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), on Wednesday, met with the newly appointed service chiefs in Aso Villa, Abuja. The PUNCH had reported that the President appointed four new service chiefs on Tuesday after much pressure from Nigerians that he bring in fresh hands to pilot the country’s anti-terrorism… January 27, 2021 In "Top Stories" The exit of Nigeria’s former service chiefs relieved of their duty today by President Muhammadu Buhari has elicited reactions on social media. While many hailed the move by the president, others expressed pessimism that the new chiefs would do little in the fight against insurgency and general insecurity in the… January 27, 2021 In "News"