The feud between two popular Nigerian cross-dressers, James Brown and Idris Okuneye popularly called “Bobrisky” appears not to be ending soon. James Brown, on Friday, called out Bobrisky. He alleged that Bobrisky threatened him, stating that Bobrisky reached out to him recently and he had assumed that the crossdresser simply wanted to check on him. In a viral video, Brown alleged that Bobrisky told him to take down his content as he was copying his works.  Sharing the video, he wrote: “For once in my life, I have never dragged a position with anybody I have always been Jamesbrown they didn’t caught me that everyone knows since day one, So if you have any problem with the content I am putting out for the brands I am working for I don’t give a hoot.  “That’s some period. You already blocked me everywhere for months now on every platform, so why the treat I am just a realistic person and having on my platform…” He further stated that he respects Bobrisky but will not tolerate anyone threatening to kill him or harm him in any form. James said even though he dresses like a lady, he is just a comedian having fun, and that he dresses like a normal guy when he is out with friends. Last year, recall that James Brown took to his page to assure Bobrisky, his colleague, that no one is attempting to dethrone him as the leading figure in the country’s cross-dressing community. The Nation Bobrisky whose gender has always been a confusion to himself and the public has caused further confusion after his debut in a recently released Nollywood movie. His Fans are confused whether to refer him as an actor or actress. You are not a typical Nigerian if you are not aware… May 9, 2019 In "Entertainment" This is a look into the life of Bobrisky, one of the most controversial Nigerians on social media at the moment.  Bobrisky’s story is not easy to tell. The first problem is deciding what pronoun to use. By the circumstances of his birth, ‘he’ is the right pronoun, but by… September 3, 2019 In "Entertainment" Controversial crossdresser, Bobrisky, has once again taken a swipe at Nigerians calling him out to join the #EndSARS protest. While strongly lashing out at all concerned, the social media celebrity who is apparently fed-up with the constant call out, highlighted his reasons for not joining the protest. He noted that… October 13, 2020 In "News"