By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  The Peoples Democcratic Party has expressed saddeness over the death of human right activist and social crusader, Barrister Esther Uzoma. The party described her death as a huge loss to the nation and humanity at large. The PDP which stated this in a statement released via it’s official twitter handle, also commiserated with Barr. Uzoma’s husband, her children and the larger Uzoma family for the irreparable loss. The tweets reads: The PDP stated that the late convener of Nigerian Civil Society Situation Room and National Coordinator of Proactive Gender Initiatives (PGI) was a patriotic Nigerian who dedicated her life towards the entrenchment of democratic tenets of good governance, justice, equity and fairness in all spheres of our national life. Esther was a strong-willed advocate of strict adherence to the rule of law, who also remained steadfast as a voice for the vulnerable and downtrodden till the end. The PDP is sad that our nation has lost one of her bright and promising patriots, especially at this time such voices are needed the most in our collective quest to rescue and reposition our nation for the task ahead. The PDP commiserates with Barr. Uzoma’s husband, her children, the larger Uzoma family, the civil society fold, particularly, the Situation Room Nigeria  as well as the Proactive Gender Initiatives for this loss. Our party prays God to grant eternal repose to the faithful departed and to the bereaved, the fortitude to bear this irreparable loss. By Wandoo Sombo Abuja -  A human rights activist, Mrs Esther Uzoma, says the Nigerian legal system must create an enabling environment to encourage whistleblowers as part of efforts in the fight against corruption. Uzoma made the call in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja… September 18, 2016 In "News" Abuja  -  The Chief Executive Officer, Proactive Gender Initiative (PGI), an NGO, Ms Esther Uzoma, has called on political parties in the country to promote gender equality to deepen democracy in the country. Uzoma made the appeal at a gender debate organised in Abuja by her group to mark the… March 11, 2016 In "News" By Emmanuel Oloniruha Abuja - The national leadership of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) on Wednesday commiserated with Gov. Ahmadu Fintiri of Adamawa over the death of his mother, Hajiya Fatimah Badami. The party, in a condolence message issued in Abuja by its National Publicity Secretary, Mr Kola Ologbondiyan, described… April 29, 2020 In "Politics"