A popular Yoruba activist, Sunday Adeyemo aka Sunday Igboho has offered insights into his strained relationship with Oyo Governor Seyi Makinde.  Igboho, last week attacked the Governor in a viral video over an arrest order him after he placed a quit notice to herders in Igangan, Ibarapa North Local Government area of the State. Speaking in an instagram live chat with popular journalist, Dele Momodu, on Tuesday afternoon, he said he and Makinde used to be very close. He recalled he assisted Makinde to win the 2019 governorship election though their relationship predated that exercise. According to him, the Governor commissioned his house in Soka area of Ibadan, which was razed in the early hours of Tuesday, in 2013. His words: “Governor Seyi Makinde and I have been together for a long time. He commissioned my house that was razed by hoodlums in 2013 and also provided a 500kva transformer for my street. Read Also: I lost properties worth N50m in inferno- Sunday Igboho“I supported him and campaigned for him during the 2019 governorship election in Oyo, I met him through former governor of Oyo State, Rasheed Ladoja. ‘’Rasheed Ladoja encouraged me to support Makinde during the election 2019 and I showed my utmost support because I never rejected any advice from Ladoja but Makinde never kept to his words due to the insecurity in the state and the incessant killings. So i took it upon myself to restore security by issuing the quit notice to the herders in the state.’’ Source Alhaji Saliu Abdulkadir, the Seriki Fulani of Oyo State, on Saturday said none of his children was killed in the alleged attack by youths on his Igangan settlement, SaharaReporters reports. SaharaReporters also learnt on Saturday evening that the attack on the Seriki's house happened shortly after a pro-Oodua Republic agitator,… January 24, 2021 In "News" The Inspector-General of Police, Mohammed Adamu, has ordered the arrest of Sunday Adeyemo aka Sunday Igboho, over an eviction order on Fulanis in Oyo State. The Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu, confirmed this in an interview with BBC Hausa. He told BBC Hausa… January 23, 2021 In "News" Violence erupted in Igangan in the Ibarapa North Local Government Area of Oyo State on Friday when a popular Yoruba activist, Chief Sunday Adeyemo, also known as Sunday Igboho, reportedly stormed the Fulani settlement in the town to eject the Seriki Fulani, Salihu Abdukadir, and some other herdsmen accused of… January 23, 2021 In "News"