Nnamdi Kanu has lashed out at plans to install one Bala Bello Muhammad as the Sarduana of Otukpo in Benue state.  The leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB warned that no part of Biafra land will be surrendered to the Fulani. Kanu stated this while reacting to the report of Benue State government rejecting the proposed installation of one Bala Bello Muhammad as Sarduana Otukpo. DAILY POST had reported that the Benue state government rejected the proposed installation of Muhammad as Sarduana Otukpo. The state Deputy Governor, Engr. Benson Abounu, said he had reached out to the Leader of Hausa Community Otukpo, Alhaji Mamuda and informed him that there is nothing like Sardauna Otukpo in the Benue State Chieftaincy Laws of 2016. He also directed Alhaji Mamuda to call off the intended coronation which he accepted to comply with. Reacting to this, Nnamdi kanu claimed that many tribes in the country had forcibly lost their territories to the Fulani, adding that their next target is Otukpo, in Benue State. “Yoruba lost Illorin, Hausa lost Gobir (present day Sokoto), Nupe lost Bida, Attah of Igala was forcibly converted to Islam with some of his people, Oturkpo will be the next to fall to the relentless march of the [Fulani] as some of you continue to ignorantly mouth your One #Nigeria gibberish or Igbo presidency,” Kanu wrote on his Facebook page. “…Some elements from these Fulani conquered… [areas] are busy helping their conquerors to conquer Biafraland. How pathetic! “I have news for all of you agents of Fulani … in the south, no inch of Biafran territory will be surrendered to your masters from the Sahel. “…In Biafraland we would rather all die that cede our ancestral lands to savages.” Source - Nnamdi Kanu today July 24 visited Ebonyi state - The IPOB leader was massively received in the state - Radio Biafra however said Nigeria federal government will be held responsible should anything happens to Nnamdi Kanu during his visit to the state - Nnamdi Kanu however had to trek… July 24, 2017 In "Top Stories" South-east Governors Forum has warned the leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Nnamdi Kanu, against any other attack on South-east leaders when they travel abroad. In a statement signed by the chairman of the forum and Governor of Ebonyi State, David Umahi, the governors threatened to ensure his… August 21, 2019 In "News" Leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, Nnamdi Kanu, on Wednesday claimed that Southeast governors are aiding and abating ”Fulani terrorists” attacks in the South East. Kanu made the claim while disclosing that armed herdsmen dressed in military uniforms had yesterday attacked residents of Ndegu Orie Umuoguduakpu community in… March 11, 2020 In "News"