Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  Remita, an electronic payment platform, says prospective candidates for the 2021 West African Senior School Certificate Examination (WASSCE) — first series for private students — can buy their registration Personal Identification Numbers (PIN) through any of its channels. The West African Examinations Council (WAEC) recently announced the commencement of the sale of the General Certificate Examination (GCE) registration PINs, which closes on January 29. The examination is scheduled to begin in February. According to a statement issued by the payment platform, intending candidates can obtain the PIN by accessing the Remita website or downloading the mobile app to make payment through their preferred channel such as phone number, electronic wallet, internet banking, account transfer, or designated agent locations across the country. According to Remita, once payment is completed, the registration PIN is delivered to the candidate’s email and also displayed on the receipt. The candidate is then expected to proceed to WAEC’s website or visit any authorised centre to complete the registration with the acquired PIN. Speaking on the ePIN, Osinulu Kayode, head of value added services at SystemSpecs, provider of Remita, said the electronic PINs will provide easier access for student registration. “Prospective candidates for the WAEC GCE have easy access to many convenient payment options when they buy their ePINs on Remita website or the Remita mobile app,” he added. The 2020 West African Senior School Certificate Examination (WASSCE) for Private Candidates, 2020, First Series result has been released 30 days after the conducted of the examination across the federation. This is as the Head of West African Examinations Council, WAEC, Nigeria, Mr Olu Olanipekun at media briefing in Lagos… March 3, 2020 In "News" The 2017 WAEC GCE registration form for November/December WASSCE (Private) exams is out. This is to inform candidates interested in sitting for the exam that WAEC GCE November/December 2017 registration form is out on sale and registration will start on Friday, 28th April, 2017. Registration can be done by following the procedures… April 27, 2017 In "Education" The West African Examinations Council WAEC will begin conducting two series of the West African Senior School Certificate Examination (WASSCE) for Private candidates as from 2018. The First Series will be conducted between January and February while the Second Series will be conducted between August and October every year. The… October 12, 2017 In "Education"