The President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), on Thursday, re-appointed Hadiza Usman as Managing Director of Nigerian Ports Authority for another five years.  He also reconstituted the boards of the agency and that of the Transmission Company of Nigeria. The Special Adviser to the President on Media and Publicity, Femi Adesina, disclosed these in a statement titled “President Buhari re-appoints Hadiza Bala Usman as NPA MD, approves board members for NPA, TCN.” According to the statement, members of the new TCN board will oversee the selection of a new Managing Director for the organisation.  It read, “President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the re-appointment of Hadiza Bala Usman as Managing Director of Nigerian Ports Authority for an additional five-year tenure. “Also approved is the reconstitution of the Non-Executive Board of the NPA, with Mr Emmanuel Olajide Adesoye (from South-west zone) as Chairman. “Other members of the board are Ekenyem Nwafor-Orizu (South-East zone), Akinwunmi Ricketts (South-South zone), Ghazali Mohammed Mijinyawa (North-East zone), Mustapha Amin Dutse (North-West zone), and Abdulwahab Adesina (North-Central zone).  “The President has equally approved board members for the Transmission Company of Nigeria who will oversee the selection of a new Managing Director for the organisation.  “They are Muhammad K. Ahmad, OON, (Chairman), Chief Henry Okolo, Imamudden Talba, Ambassador Usman Sarki, Ali Haruna, Engr. Simeone Atakulu, Zubaida Mahey Rasheed, Dr Mustapha Abiodun Akinkunmi, Engr. Oladele Amoda, and Dr Nkiru Balonwu.  Other members of the TCN Board are Representatives of Ministry of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Ministry of Power, Bureau for Public Enterprise, FGN Power Company Limited, and Executive Management of TCN.  Source ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the composition of the Governing Boards of the Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) and the Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency (NIMASA). A statement by the Director (Press) in the office of the Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Bolaji Adebiyi,… August 26, 2016 In "NIMASA & Maritime" Abuja -President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the composition of the Governing Boards of the Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) and the Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency (NIMASA). This is contained in a statement issued on Saturday in Abuja by Mr Bolaji Adebiyi, Director of Press in the Office of the… August 27, 2016 In "Top Stories" By Ismaila Chafe Abuja, July 14, 2018(NAN) President Muhammadu Buhari will on Sunday depart for the Netherlands to participate in activities to commemorate the 20th anniversary of the adoption of the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court (ICC), at The Hague. Mr Femi Adesina, the President’s Special Adviser on Media… July 14, 2018 In "Top Stories"