 The immediate past Chief of Army Staff Lieutenant General Tukur Buratai said he was nearly retired by former President, Olusegun Obasanjo, 21 years ago at the rank of Major.  He described his attainment of the rank of Lieutenant General and Chief of Army Staff as historic. Buratai, who made the disclosure during his official handover to Major General Ibrahim Attahiru at the Army Headquarters, said the Army will never remain the same after his exit. According to him: “Former President Olusegun Obasanjo almost retired me 21 years ago when I was a Major. My retirement after 40 years of Service is historic,hence, calls for gratitude”. Thanking troops serving home and abroad Buratai insisted the Army will not remain the same owing to his transformational leadership and landmark achievements. He added the Nigerian Army has been better positioned with intelligence gathering techniques and equipment. Read Also: Buratai lauds troops over Marte successBuratai said the security situation across the country is largely stabilised under his watch. He prided his administration will be remembered for improved professionalism, improved responsiveness to personnel welfare and responsiveness to Nigeria’s Democratic system. The new Chief of Army Staff, Major General Ibrahim Attahiru, solicited the support of soldiers and officers to reposition the Nigerian Army. He thanked President Muhamamadu Buhari for finding him worthy, adding he counts himself lucky to have been chosen. Source ...expresses doubt if new army Chief was appointed based on competence By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - International Society for Civil Liberties & Rule of Law (Intersociety) has hailed the belated removal of the four longest serving Service Chiefs since the birth of the 4th republic in 1999. The… January 27, 2021 In "Top Stories" By Segun Giwa Akure - A member of the House of Representatives and the Deputy Chairman, House Committee on Army, Hon. Tajudeen Adefisoye has risen in defence of the Nigerian Army on the recent redeployment of some senior officers. Adefisoye, who is the member representing Idanre/Ifedore Federal Constituency, said in… April 3, 2020 In "Politics" Abuja- The new Chief of Army Staff, Maj.-Gen. Tukur Buratai, on Thursday hinted that his administration’s vision would be partly anchored on the dedication and discipline of officers and soldiers. Buratai said this when he formally took over from his predecessor, retired Lt-Gen. Kenneth Minimah, as the 20th Chief of… July 17, 2015 In "News"