N-Power beneficiaries, who have concluded the two-year job programme, will now be able to access permanent job opportunities or business prospects, the Federal Government has declared.  This is part of the newly-activated N-power exit strategy. The initiative is for Batches A and B of the N-Power programme. Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Sadiya Farouq, gave the update on Wednesday. She spoke at the 4th annual review of the Home Grown School Feeding Programme (NHGSFP). Under the plan, 200,000 beneficiaries will be engaged as financial services operators under the Shared Agent Network Expansion Facility (SANEF). The scheme is operated by the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN). Read Also: Buhari directs increase in N-Power, school feeding beneficiaries“Plans have been concluded for the transition of the N-power Batch A and B through the creation of the NEXIT portal, which would allow those who choose to sign up to access other government empowerment opportunities. “A beneficiary management system for the NSIPs is expected to be deployed in 2021. It would have the capacity to manage payments, address grievances and improve dissemination of information,” Sadiya said. The government said another 30,000 beneficiaries have been engaged as geospatial experts and enumerators in the Economic Sustainability Plan’s Mass Agric programme. Others will have the option of benefiting from the Government Enterprise and Empowerment Programme (GEEP) micro-enterprise loans. Source Abuja - The Federal Government said it has received over 3 million applications from prospective N-power enrollees, in seven days across the country. Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Sadiya Umar Farouq, in a statement, also announced the transitioning of Independent Monitors recruited to monitor Batch A… July 3, 2020 In "News" Federal Government has said that The beneficiaries of the N-power scheme will henceforth serve for less than two years. Sadiya Umar Farouq, the Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development who disclosed this in Abuja on Wednesday (yesterday), at an inter-ministerial dialogue, said this was part of the… June 11, 2020 In "News" By Collins Yakubu-Hammer Abuja - Hajiya Sadiya Umar-Farouq, Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, says no fewer than 473,137 Nigerian youths have been enrolled into the National Social Investment Programme of the Federal Government. Farouq made the disclosure when members of the House of Representatives Committee on… March 2, 2020 In "News"