Nigerians on Facebook and Twitter have reacted to the confession of a 17-year-old prospective Law student of the Benue State University, Makurdi, Alex Esther, on how she set her boyfriend, Chidinma, ablaze after he allegedly made her abort three pregnancies. Esther, who said she couldn’t really explain why she killed her boyfriend, said, “I was just angry over all the issues we had. “Our relationship was really serious to the extent that we had to take a blood oath before I allowed him to deflower me.” However, Esther’s confession has generated a lot of reactions on social media, while some people supported her actions, others condemned the act. Chimex-Azuka Umeh, on Facebook, wrote, “It is so sad anyway. But judging by the lady’s testimony. Men should always realize that they are dealing with humans that have feelings. You can’t be treating a lady the way you freely want and expect to always go free. Until we learn to respect and value each other emotions and feelings, this kind of ugly experiences will not stop.”  “Actions and reactions are equal and opposite, even though I do not support the action she took, it’s undeniable that their relationships had problems. Nobody just wakes up one day and decides to burn another person alive. The lady was as much a victim as the guy himself,” Ephraim Obaze wrote. @Chinwe10395567 Tweeted, “At 17, not only do you have an intent to Kill but also went to actualize it. The law profession isn’t for the type of you. The profession is a noble one, not one that breeds a bunch of inhumane people. The young lady needs a psychological evaluation at this stage of her life.” Another Twitter user @BOtunuga said, “It seems the guy was sexually exploiting her. She’s still a minor and has had three freaking abortions for him. She felt used and worthless. You could see her immaturity in being unable to process her anger, thus leading her to murder.” “She is trying to evade justice by claiming to be 17yrs. Record of her age should be properly investigated. She should desist from claiming she is minor,” Ghazali Isgogo wrote on Facebook.  Ijele Nkechi Udeala wrote, “She’s a minor; this girl may have been abused. She says they beat her up sometimes. This case has to be investigated. She needs mental health evaluation too.” Prince Leo Ozomma stated that “No matter the height of provocation, please never take laws into your hands. Baby lover girl, go face your day in court.” @cyrilemeka tweeted, “Aborted three pregnancy already by age 17.. Took a blood oath and killed the guy as a result of, according to you “forced sex”. The courts won’t see it that way. There was more to it.” (Punch) An eighteen (18) years old girl, Esther from Ado Local Government Area of Benue state, in the early hours of Monday, January 11, burnt her boyfriend, Elvis Chidinma Omah from Nsuka local Government Area of Enugu State to death in Makurdi. Chidinma, a patent medicine dealer who just returned from… January 12, 2021 In "Metro" The alleged real boyfriend of a lady who killed a man in Akwa Ibom state has finally broken his silence. Henry Obiakwa claims to be the real boyfriend of Princess Odume, the corps member who allegedly killed a young man in Akwa Ibom on Sunday with a machete. According to… January 11, 2021 In "News" The police in Lagos, has launched into an intensive investigation to unravel how a 20-year-old lady died and was buried by her friends without the knowledge of her parents and relations in the city. The Nation, quotes spokesman of the Lagos State Police Command, Bala Elkana, as saying that they… May 18, 2020 In "News"