Saudi Arabia on Sunday announced the reopening of borders and the resumption of international flights after a two-week suspension aimed to stem the spread of a new Covid-19 strain.  The government ordered the lifting of “precautionary measures related to the spread of a new variant of coronavirus”, the Ministry of the Interior said, according to the official Saudi Press Agency. Saudi Arabia has recorded more than 363,000 cases, including over 6,200 deaths –- the highest among the Gulf Arab states – but has also reported a high recovery rate. Riyadh suspended international flights and access through land crossings and ports on December 21. Other Gulf countries, Oman and Kuwait, who had taken similar measures, have also lifted them in recent days. But travellers returning from Britain, South Africa or “any country where the new variant of the coronavirus is spreading” are subject to more restrictions, the statement added. Foreigners coming from those countries must spend 14 days in another country before entering Saudi Arabia, and show a negative test. Saudi nationals returning from those countries will be able to enter directly — but must then spend two weeks in quarantine on arrival, and be subject to tests. Last month Saudi Arabia was one of the first Gulf countries to launch a massive vaccination campaign using the Pfizer-BioNTech jab. AFP Riyadh  - Saudi Arabia will allow the Muslim minor pilgrimage, the Umrah, to gradually resume starting in October, around seven months after it was halted due to the coronavirus pandemic. On Oct. 4, Saudis and foreign residents in the kingdom will be able to perform the Umrah, an Interior… September 23, 2020 In "Foreign" Iran, on Monday announced 43 novel coronavirus deaths over the past 24 hours, raising the total to 237. The announcement comes as the Gulf countries take more precautionary measures to help curb the virus. According to a Health Ministry spokesman, Iran’s number of officially recorded infections climbed to 7,161 an… March 9, 2020 In "Health" Dubai - Saudi Arabia said on Monday it would impose a fine of up to 500,000 riyals (133,000 dollars) on people who do not disclose their health-related information and travel details at entry points. This came as the Gulf state works to prevent the spread of coronavirus. The kingdom on… March 9, 2020 In "Foreign"