An American woman who recently shared a video of Africa’s richest man, Dangote lying in bed has claimed she’s is being sued by the billionaire because she refused his money.  The woman who goes by the name Autumn some hours ago took to her social media to cry out as she shared an alleged public lawsuit filed by those she claims are Dangote’s legal team. The lady alleged that Dangote is suing her for something his ex-girlfriend, Bea Lewis did, while stating that she has never talked about them publicly. She also claims that she turned down interviews and talk shows while stating that she only wanted to clear her name after people called her an opportunist. Autumn also claims Aliko Dangote is suing her for $30k for refusing the money he gave her to stay silent after their relationship. Adding that they have been together for 9yrs but no one knew about them and now he’s making their ended relationship a public one by suing her publicly. She then stated that she doesn’t understand why they are making things public and hard because she has stayed silent for long because of her own sanity and not the reputation of someone. In her words; “I have not been served. But since this is public record, let’s discuss it. What are your thoughts? I was insultingly offered 15k and 2,500 a month to sign an NDA but I declined. I gained legal counsel in which we countered his offer. Mind you his first initial offer wasn’t disclosed in the terms of his proposed NDA. Therefore I was pressured and influenced to sign. Which was already a violation of his own NDA ‍♀️ He denied knowing me and our relationship to his lawyers and we’re asked for proof of our affair…now I’m being sued for extortion? This is such a manly egotistical move. I’ve kept it private but you made it public with the lawsuit. ‍♀️. All these claims of interviews and talk show threats will have to be proved in court so… ‍♀️ I haven’t spoke to anyone regarding our relationship” A post shared by 1 of 1 (@allarounda1) We love scandals. By ‘’we’’ I mean both the dramatis personae in a scandal and the spectators sitting in judgment. Why would a superior at a workplace get entangled in a sexual congress with a subordinate if not driven by depravity and adrenaline rush from eating a forbidden fruit? It… January 6, 2021 In "Opinion" Rape is classified as a criminal offence anywhere in the world. The death of 22-year-old Uwa Omozuwa, an undergraduate who was allegedly raped and attacked inside a church premises, death of Bello Barakat in Ibadan and many other rising cases of rape sparked outrage with many Nigerians taking a stand… June 6, 2020 In "News" The Facebook account of the second lady who claimed to have been in a sexual relationship with Suleman Johnson, the embattled overseer of Omega Fire Ministries Worldwide, has been deactivated for violating the medium’s policies which included nudity,  report. The lady, who identified herself as Queen Esther, said she began… March 17, 2017 In "News"