Following the Capitol coup, the North American country’s Department of Homeland Security has hired a private security for $1.6m ahead of Joe Biden’s inauguration as the 46th President of the United States.  Documents obtained by TMZ revealed that the Department of Homeland Security awarded a private security company called Hana Industries Inc. a $1.6 million contract for protective services, effective now until the very end of the month. It was learnt that Hana’s protective security officers will be standing watch in the capital and surrounding areas. The move to hire a private security came directly on the heels of the failed Capitol coup and the contract was awarded 2 days after last week’s siege. Hana which has protected Naval bases and shipyards around Hawaii prior to the new contract, has been recruiting to get more boots on the ground, especially people with 2 to 5 years of military or law enforcement experience and prior certification from the Department of Homeland Security. The need for a private security to support the National Guard and police forces in Washington, came up after FBI warned that domestic terrorists are planning to take action in DC and all 50 states between January 16 through Inauguration Day. Source WASHINGTON - A company that performs background checks for the U.S. Department of Homeland Security said on Wednesday it was the victim of a cyber attack, adding in a statement that "it has all the markings of a state-sponsored attack." The computer breach at Falls Church, Virginia-based US Investigations Services… August 8, 2014 In "News" The United States Secret Service has ramped up the protection provided for the nation’s former vice president and the strong contender for the Washington Office, Joe Biden. Joe Biden based on the election count is leading the incumbent president, Donald Trump. As at the time of this publication, based on… November 6, 2020 In "Foreign" The United States Secret Service has ramped up the protection provided for the nation’s former vice president and the strong contender for the Washington Office, Joe Biden. Joe Biden based on the election count is leading the incumbent president, Donald Trump. As at the time of this publication, based on… November 6, 2020 In "Foreign"