An Indian man has drowned after driving his car into a dam while allegedly following Google Maps Navigation directions. According to the report by Indian Express, Satish Ghule, 34, was driving his employer Guru Shekhar, 42, and his friend Sameer Rajurkar, 44, on Sunday in Akole town, Ahmednagar district in the state of Maharashtra. The outlet reported the trio were going for a trek at Kalsubai, Maharashtra’s highest peak. While driving towards Kalsubai, they lost their way and sought directions from Google Maps. The navigation showed them a way that included a bridge that remains underwater for about 4 months after the authorities release the water from the Pimpalgaon dam. However, the information was not updated on Google Maps so there was no warning on the maps, Cartoq, India auto content company reported. Deputy Superintendent of police Rahul Madhne said, “There is a bridge there, which is operational for eight months. But for four months after the rainy season, the water of the dam is released and the bridge goes underwater, due to which it cannot be used.” The trio accidentally drove into the water. Since it was dark, the trio didn’t notice it and accidentally drove into the water. According to the Police, the three managed to come out after opening a window. But Ghule, the driver, who did not know how to swim, could not rescue himself while Shekhar and Rajurkar swam and came to the shore. Indian Express reported that the locals went to the spot to rescue them, but owing to the darkness, they could not see anything, police said. Ghule’s body was fished out of the water early on Sunday. He was rushed to a nearby public health care facility, where he was declared dead on arrival. Police said they have registered the matter as an accidental death. The Nation Police officers have been caught extorting motorists for using Google map in the city of Lagos.   The Lagos State Police Command has promised to investigate the alleged extortion of a motorist by some of its personnel. The state Police Public Relations Officer, Bala Elkana, told PUNCH Metro that the command… August 23, 2019 In "News" By Chiazo Ogbolu Lagos - Google Nigeria has introduced dedicated travel mode in Google Maps to provide directions and navigation for motorcycles, cars in a Nigerian voice.The Google Nigeria Country Director, Mrs Juliet Ehimuan-Chiazor disclosed this in Lagos while announcing newly introduced products and features by Google in Nigeria and… July 25, 2019 In "News" By Philomina Attah Abuja - The FCT Sector Commander of the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), Mr Ayuba Gora says driving with the aid of Google map using mobile phones is a serious traffic offence. Gora said this at the inauguration of the 2019 Ember Months Campaign by Lugbe Unit… November 27, 2019 In "Metro"