ABUJA – The Managing Director/Chief Executive Officer of the Nigeria Export Processing Zones Authority (NEPZA), Prof. Adesoji Adesugba has described the N1.5 billion investment brought into the Kano Free Trade Zone by Sunbelt Free Zone Enterprise as an offshoot of sustained intervention by the Federal Government to maintain the zone as an investors’ attractive anchorage.Adesugba made the remark when he played host to the Executive Director and one of the promoters of the enterprise, Alhaji Murtala Jega recently in Abuja.Sunbelt which specialises in the manufacturing of fabrics and textiles was licensed on December 12, 2019 as a partnership firm jointly owned by four Investors including three Chinese and a Nigerian.The NEPZA Chief Executive explained that the Authority and the Ministry of Industry, Trade and Investment had so far collaborated seamlessly in executing President Muhammadu Buhari’s directive on using the scheme to generate employment for the country’s teeming youth population.According to him, when operational, Sunbelt has the capacity of engaging 3000 direct and indirect labour.We are happy with this feat. This is the kind of investment the Federal Government is expecting us to sustain. It is the Authority’s desire at this stage to position Nigeria for competitiveness in order to benefit maximally from the new Africa free trade regime made possible by the African Continental Free Trade Zone Agreement (ACFTA). It is our fervent prayer to diligently work within the purview of the mandate of actualizing the country’s industrialization. In doing this, we shall not disappoint the president and the nation, Adesugba said.On the N1.4 billion approval given by the Federal Executive Council on Wednesday for the upgrade of electricity facilities at the Calabar Free Trade Zone, Adesugba said the development was a genuine disposition of president Buhari’s commitment to use the zone scheme as one of the key drivers of the nation’s economy.He also acknowledged that similar overture had been extended to the Kano zone for upgrade of the zone’s electricity to 25 Megawatts scalable to 150 megawatts as the need expands, adding that the two public zones had the capacity to scale up local production significantly when fully supported. The Ebonyi State Government has described the approval given to it for the establishment of Special Economic Zone in the state by President Muhammadu Buhari as a worthyoverture capable of harnessing the economic potentials of the entire eastern region. Gov. David Umahi said this while handing over the original copy… November 19, 2020 In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The Managing Director of the Nigeria Export Processing Zones Authority, NEPZA, Prof. Adesoji Adesugba has reiterated that the present huge investments in the nation’s economy by private operators of the Free Trade Zones, (FTZs) remained a positive indicator of the scheme’s capacity to significantly contribute… September 17, 2020 In "Business" …Says the Authority Has Enjoyed Considerable Increase of Budgetary Allocation Since President Discovered the Need to Support the Sector to Perform Optimally By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundoiata Post) - Acting Managing Director, Nigeria Export Processing Zones Authority, NEPZA, Mr Bitrus Dawuk had expressed satisfaction over President Muhammadu Buhari’s special commitment… June 29, 2020 In "News"