Colombians have been thrown into a state of national mourning following the death of the country’s Defense Minister, Carlos Holmes Trujillo.  The highranking government official died on Tuesday of complications stemming from Covid-19. “Carlos Holmes Trujillo died at dawn today, after complications in his health while he was battling Covid-19,” President Ivan Duque said in a video posted on Twitter. Trujillo, 69, had first been hospitalized January 11. Four days later, he was taken into intensive care at a Bogota military hospital suffering “acute lung function deterioration,” the defense ministry said in a statement. Trujillo has been replaced by Fernando Navarro, who was previously head of the Colombian armed forces. Colombia has reported more than two million Covid-19 cases, according to Johns Hopkins University, including almost 52,000 deaths. The South American nation has kept its land and river borders closed for nearly a year and will keep them shut until at least March 1. Source Bogota - Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro on Wednesday rejected plans to send international humanitarian aid into his country as a “political show,” while preparations to deliver food and hospital supplies past soldiers guarding the border continued. The aid deliveries would be a disguise for a U.S. military intervention in Venezuela,… February 6, 2019 In "Foreign" By Thompson Yamput Jos - The Plateau Government on Sunday confirmed that the death of a National Assembly (NASS) staff, Joel Dewus, was not from COVID-19 as suspected but from other health complications.The State Commissioner for Health, Mr Lar Noam, who confirmed the death in an interview with News Agency… April 5, 2020 In "Politics" By Abujah Racheal Abuja -. The Minister of Foreign Affairs, Mr Geoffery Onyeama, has described how he contracted and survived the COVID-19 infection for three weeks. Onyeama spoke on Thursday in Abuja at the joint national briefing of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19. The News Agency of Nigeria(NAN)… August 14, 2020 In "News"