A popular Yoruba rights activist, Sunday Adeyemo, well known as Sunday Igboho, has narrated his encounter with a chieftain of the All Progressives Congress, Bola Tinubu. He spoke on Tuesday in an Instagram Live Chat with popular journalist, Dele Momodu.  According to Igboho, he met Tinubu during the build-up to a governorship election in Ondo State involving a former governor of the state, Olusegun Mimiko. He said a former governor of Oyo State, Rasheed Ladoja, told him that Tinubu requested to see him at his Bourdillon residence in Lagos. Igboho said he travelled to Lagos and met with Tinubu, who persuaded him not to support the Peoples Democratic Party in the election because the party impeached Ladoja as governor of Oyo State in 2006. The activist revealed that Tinubu gave him a sum of N2m to fuel his vehicle back to his base. Igboho also said he never made his money from thuggery, adding that he is a businessman and he deals in cars. He said, “I once met with Tinubu during the build-up to the governorship election of Mimiko in Ondo State. I supported his opponent during the campaign but my father, Senator Rasheed Adewolu Ladoja, told me Bola wanted to see me. Ladoja also asked me to please Tinubu in every way. “Tinubu later called me on the phone and asked me to meet him at his Bourdillon residence in Lagos. I honoured the invitation and went to Lagos. “At his residence, Tinubu urged me not to support the PDP in the Ondo State Governorship Election. He told me that the PDP frustrated Ladoja in office as governor and eventually impeached him. Tinubu added that it was payback time for the PDP. “I pledged my cooperation and left the place but before leaving his residence, he gave me N2m to fuel my vehicle. That was the last time I met him. Tinubu is still alive and he can attest to this.” Punch A popular Yoruba activist, Sunday Adeyemo aka Sunday Igboho has offered insights into his strained relationship with Oyo Governor Seyi Makinde. Igboho, last week attacked the Governor in a viral video over an arrest order him after he placed a quit notice to herders in Igangan, Ibarapa North Local Government… January 26, 2021 In "Features" Igboho - The All Progressives Congress (APC) in Orelope State Constituency of Oyo State has expressed confidence in winning the Aug. 20 bye-election into the State House of Assembly. This is contained in a statement jointly signed by Mr Dauda Kolawole, the Chairman of Mr Jimoh Gbadamosi Campaign Committee, and… August 14, 2016 In "Politics" •Governor Godwin Obaseki and Asiwaju Bola Tinubu ABUJA - Governor Godwin Obaseki of Edo State was in talks with the National Leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Ahmed Bola Tinubu, on Sunday, as part of his last-ditch effort to pick the party's ticket in the upcoming primaries in… May 31, 2020 In "Politics"