The President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), on Wednesday, met with the newly appointed service chiefs in Aso Villa, Abuja. The PUNCH had reported that the President appointed four new service chiefs on Tuesday after much pressure from Nigerians that he bring in fresh hands to pilot the country’s anti-terrorism war especially against Boko Haram in the North-East. The new service chiefs are Major-General Leo Irabor as Chief of Defence Staff; Major-General Ibrahim Attahiru as Chief of Army Staff; Rear Admiral A.Z Gambo as Chief of Naval Staff; and Air-Vice Marshal I.O Amao as Chief of Air Staff. Also in attendance at the meeting on Wednesday include the Special Adviser on Media and Publicity to the President, Femi Adesina; as well as the Chief of Staff to the President, Ibrahim Gambari, amongst others. Although details of the meeting was unknown as of the time of filing this report, it might, however, not be unconnected to the nation’s anti-terrorism war in the North-East. The failure of the immediate-past service chiefs to conquer the insurgents had ignited the clamour for their removal.  For over 10 years, the Boko Haram terror group had killed hundreds of Nigerians in the North-East. The sect had also burnt down and bombed scores of villages as well as churches. The Nigerian Army and the Presidency had at several times claimed the group had been ‘technically defeated’ and ‘weakened’ but the Abubakar Shekau’s bloodthirsty faction continues to strike with daring effrontery and crude savagery. See photos below: Punch Juliana Taiwo-Obalonye, Abuja Following the recent attack on the convoy of Governor Babagana Zulum of Borno state, six governors of the northeast states and heads of security agencies are currently meeting with President Muhammad Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja. The meeting is taking place at the Council Chamber, Presidential… August 10, 2020 In "News" President Muhmmadu Buhari has sworn into office four newly appointed Permanent Secretaries of the Federal Civil Service. The ceremony took place on Wednesday. The permanent secretaries were sworn in during a short ceremony before the commencement of the virtual meeting of the Federal Executive Council (FEC) at the presidential villa,… September 30, 2020 In "Politics" Chief John Nnia Nwodo, a Nigerian lawyer who is also the immediate past President-General of Ohanaeze Ndigbo has reacted to the new appointment of service chiefs by President Buhari. President Buhari bowed to pressure and replaced the service chiefs. The appointed new Service Chiefs include Major-General Leo Irabor, Chief of… January 27, 2021 In "News"