By Chibuike NwabukoAbuja (Sundiata Post) –  Nigeria has dropped to 149 on Transparency International’s 2020 Corruption Perception Index to become the second most corrupt country in West Africa, scoring 25 out of 100 points. This indicates that corruption in the country has worsened as it is the worst ranking Nigeria has received in two years. Nigeria follows Guinea Bissau who finished on 165 as the most corrupt nation in the sub-region scoring 19 points. Fellow African countries Somalia and South Sudan are perceived as the most corrupt nations on earth. Of the 49 countries assessed in Sub-Saharan Africa, only 12 are more corrupt than Nigeria. They are Zimbabwe, Chad, Eritrea, Burundi, Congo, Guinea Bissau, Democratic Republic of Congo, Libya, Equatorial Guinea, Sudan, Somalia and South Sudan. Both Somalia and South Sudan. The report explains that the COVID-19 pandemic created structural gaps in national health care systems, corruption risks associated with public procurement and the misappropriation of emergency funds. Malaria Consortium is proud to announce its partnership with University of Nigeria in Nigeria and University of Pretoria in South Africa, to continue Dr Sylvia Meek’s legacy through the Dr Sylvia Meek Scholarship for Entomology. Application Deadlines: For University of Nigeria: Sunday 27th August 2017. For University of Pretoria: Friday 29th September 2017. Eligible… July 27, 2017 In "Education" Up to two full scholarships are available for applicants to full-time master’s or DPhil courses in any subject at the University of Oxford. Application Deadline: 8th or 19th January, 2018 Offered annually? Yes Eligible Countries: Countries in sub-Saharan Africa and the EEA To be taken at (country): University of Oxford, UK Eligible Fields of Study:… October 16, 2017 In "Education" TechCrunch is looking for Sub-Saharan Africa’s best innovators, makers and technical entrepreneurs to participate in TechCrunch Battlefield Africa 2017. Application Deadline: 14th July, 2017 at 5pm PST Eligible Countries: African countries. See list of countries below To be taken at (country): San Francisco, USA About the Award: TechCrunch is hosting its first startup competition in… June 12, 2017 In "Education"