Coalition of Northern Elders for Peace and Development (CNEPD), has appealed to Hausa/Fulani youths to remain calm with respect to the happenings in Oyo and Ondo states. Ondo State government last week asked herdsmen not registered to vacate its Forest reserves while a quit notice was issued to herders in Oyo state by Sunday Adeyemo otherwise known as Igboho. The coalition of elders noted that reprisals on some select ethnic group will only exacerbate the situation. It condemned the burning of the home, livestock and cars of the Sarkin Fulani of Oyo State, Alhaji Saliu Abdulkadir by some youths in the state. In a statement by its National Coordinator, Engr. Zana Goni, the coalition cautioned youths across the country against engaging in acts of violence. While suing for national unity and tolerance in the country, the coalition called for the arrest and prosecution of those who burnt down Abdulkadir’s home, cars and his livestock. The statement said: “We condemn in totally the senseless, provocative and disturbing act of arson targeted at the home of the Sarkin Fulani of Oyo State, Alh. Saliu Abdulkadir, by youths suspected to be Yoruba. “As elders, we are alarmed that the home of the Sarkin,his livestock and 11 cars would be burnt in that manner at a time the country needs urgent healing and reconciliation.  “We maintain that violence remains inimical to the progress of any society and her people, as it retards socio-economic development on all fronts. “Furthermore, we wish to make a passionate appeal to all the Fulani and Hausa youths in the north to once again disappoint this enemies of national unity by remaining peaceful and wait for government to act in a manner that will bring justice to those affected.” They tasked security operatives to go after perpetrators of the wicked act, even as they insisted that security around the Hausa/Fulani community in the state must be heightened, to avoid further needless attacks. “We charge the police and other law enforcement operatives to ensure adequate security protection for the Hausa/Fulani community in the state, who may be prone to further attacks. “Finally, we wish to commend the Governor of Oyo state on his stands on the incident; particularly the order to arrest Mr Sunday Igboho. We also urge the Oyo State government to activate measures to compensate all those affected by this mindless act, to assuage their pain,” the elders said. The Nation ‌ Three senior lawyers and groups, including Afenifere and the Yoruba Council of Elders, on Wednesday, criticised the Presidency over its stand on the Ondo State Government’s ultimatum to herdsmen in the state’s forest reserves. But the Northern Elders’ Forum directed the Fulani herdsmen to disregard the notice to quit… January 21, 2021 In "Politics" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - A socio-political organisation, the Yoruba Youth Council, has rejected the agitation for grazing reserves for Fulani cattle rearers across the country, with a call on southerners to go and defend their lands against external aggressors. The group also condemned the recent atrocities of Fulani herdsmen in… May 2, 2016 In "Top Stories" Enugu Youth Coalition has in a statement signed by their National Coordinator, Dr. Edwin Obune refuted any allegation that Fulani Herdsmen were chased from the state. Read full statement below: Our attention has been drawn to a distorted video trending online which suggests that herdsmen are been chased out of… July 17, 2019 In "News"