The President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), has approved the posting of ambassador-designates to Nigerian Missions abroad.  The list includes 43 career ambassadors and 52 non-career ambassadors. This is coming six months after the envoy-designates were confirmed by the Senate. The PUNCH had reported the delayed posting of the 95 ambassadors which had left the nation’s foreign missions without leadership. Sources attributed the delay to the intense lobbying by non-career ambassadors, who are candidates of powerful politicians, including governors. They were said to have lobbied for the Nigerian missions in the United Kingdom, the United States and other Western European countries, thus delaying the deployment of the envoys. Announcing the postings in a statement on Tuesday, the Permanent Secretary in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Amb. Gabriel Aduda, said with the development, the process of requesting agreement from the prospective host countries had commenced. The statement reads partly, “There will be an induction course for the Ambassador-designates and their spouses which will hold on a date to be announced shortly to prepare and facilitate the movement of the envoys to their respective missions.” Source Ninety-six days after the Senate confirmed the nomination of 42 career ambassadors, the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), has yet to assign them portfolios, The PUNCH has learnt. Similarly, the 39 non-career ambassadors and one additional career ambassador, who were confirmed on July 22, 2020, by the Senate have… September 17, 2020 In "News" Donald Trump has announced his appointment of Richard Grenell, the current US ambassador to Germany, as the acting director of national intelligence. In a tweet on Thursday, February 20, 2020, Trump named Grenell, a staunch supporter of his policies, into the role which essentially oversees all the spy agencies of… February 21, 2020 In "Foreign" By Lizzy Okoji Abuja - Amb. Mary Beth Leonard, new U.S. Ambassador to Nigeria has pledged to leverage U.S. diplomacy, foreign assistance, and the private sector to partner with Nigeria to expand economic growth, increase security, and counter corruption. Leonard made the pledge during her confirmations hearing on Tuesday in… December 24, 2019 In "Foreign"