Actress Juliet Ibrahim has revealed that she has a natural pot belle that protrudes anytime she eats.  She said this while begging her fans to stop making women feel less beautiful when they do not look like their favorites who edit their photos or get perfect angled photos. Juliet broke her silence while responding to a fan on Twitter who praised her for not having a protruding stomach. The fan shared a photo of Juliet Ibrahim in a swimming pool with the caption: ”Ratio’d with a picture of a thick baby with no belle!!” Juliet spotted his comment and immediately corrected the impression that she doesn’t have a protruding stomach. Juliet responded; ”FYI, I do have belle! I have a Natural pot belle oo, and it protrudes every time I eat too much, bloat or stop working out, know why?Because I AM A WOMAN! Stop making women to feel less beautiful when they don’t look like your favorite celebrities edited or perfect angled photos dear” The fan appreciated her for the enlightenment and thanked her for it. The fan wrote; “I appreciate your sincerity.. Thanks for the enlightenment.. x100 love for you queen” Priscilla Osaje Abuja - Ghanaian actress, Juliet Ibrahim on Wednesday advised women involved in unwholesome marriage to quit and save their lives. Ibrahim stated this on her instragram handle @julietibrahim, as she opened up her divorce issue with her ex, Kwadwo Sofa ather book launch titled “A Toast of Life”.… August 14, 2019 In "Entertainment" Priscilla Osaje Abuja - Ghanaian actress, Juliet Ibrahim says she is set to give love a chance in 2020, hoping it works out for her this time. The renowned actress made this known on her Instagram page, where she prayed that her next relationship would be the one she had… December 17, 2019 In "Relationship" Beautiful Nollywood actress Juliet Ibrahim, took to her Instagram page to share her thoughts on how she regards a man and a woman being best friends. According to Juliet, being best friends with someone of the opposite gender gives room for one to cheat on their spouse. In her post,… May 31, 2018 In "Entertainment"