The US President, Donald Trump has revealed that he will not be physically present to witness Joe Biden’s inauguration.  The President said Friday he won’t attend President-elect Joe Biden’s inauguration on Jan. 20, undercutting his message a day earlier that he would work to ensure a “smooth, orderly and seamless transition of power” to his successor. Trump offered no clues for how he would spent his final hours in office, and will be the first incumbent president since Andrew Johnson to skip his successor’s swearing-in. Traditionally, the incoming and outgoing presidents ride to the U.S. Capitol together for the ceremony, as a symbol of the nation’s peaceful transition. Trump’s comments come two days after a violent mob of his supporters occupied the Capitol for several hours as lawmakers were tallying the electoral votes that certified Biden’s victory. Biden will become president at noon on Jan. 20 regardless of Trump’s plans. “To all of those who have asked, I will not be going to the Inauguration on January 20th,” Trump tweeted. The move had been widely expected, as Trump for months falsely claimed victory in the election and promulgated baseless claims of voter fraud. His own administration said the election had been fairly run. Vice President Mike Pence is still expected to attend the inauguration. Biden’s transition team had no immediate comment on Trump’s announcement. But Jen Psaki, the president-elect’s incoming White House press secretary, said last month that whether Trump attended the inauguration was not top of mind for Biden.  Washington — Embattled President Donald Trump Thursday promised to institute an orderly transition process to inaugurate President-elect Joe Biden.This was after Vice President Mike Pence announced that President-elect Joe Biden had won the presidency after Congress completed the counting of the Electoral College votes. What was largely seen as a… January 7, 2021 In "Foreign" Donald Trump has said he will leave the White House if Joe Biden is formally confirmed as the next US president by the electoral college. The president has refused to accept defeat in the 3 November vote, and told reporters on Thursday it would be "hard" to concede. He also… November 27, 2020 In "Foreign" Donald Trump's insistent denial of reality following his loss in the 2020 US presidential election threatens to do still more damage to American democracy, even though it comes as no surprise. Like the southerners who never could get over their loss in the American Civil War, Trump has nothing left… November 15, 2020 In "Opinion"