There was pandemonium in Abuja as one person was reportedly killed during a clash between the police and members of the Islamic Movement in Nigeria (IMN) popularly known as Shi’ites in Abuja.  The group on Tuesday staged the protest near National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) junction in Maitama with placards to demand the unconditional release of their leader, Ibraheem El-Zakzaky and his wife from Kaduna Correctional Center. Trouble started when a detachment of armed policemen sighted the protesters near Transcorp Hilton junction fired teargas canisters and live bullets to disperse them. One of the protesters was shot in the stomach in the process, leaving many others with injuries. The situation caused pandemonium in the area as motorists and passersby scampered for safety to avoid being caught in the saga. The area was also crowded as motorists were seen following alternative routes. Kaduna State High Court in 2019 ordered the Department of State Services (DSS), to transfer the Sheikh EI-Zakzaky and his wife, Zeenah to the Nigerian Correctional Centre, Kaduna. Kaduna State government is prosecuting the IMN leader and his wife for alleged culpable homicide, unlawful assembly and disruption of public peace and among other charges. Source According to The Nation, one passerby was killed when the police allegedly fired gunshots and tear gas canisters to disperse a protest by members of the Islamic Movement in Nigeria (IMN) otherwise known as Shi’ites around Berger area of Wuse in Abuja. The procession, which started at Utako ended at… January 21, 2020 In "News" Usman Umar, deputy commissioner of police in charge of operations in the federal capital territory (FCT), has been killed. Umar was reportedly killed during a protest by members of the Islamic Movement of Nigeria (IMN), also known as the Shiites, in Abuja on Monday. He was said to have been… July 22, 2019 In "Top Stories" A sub-station of the National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) at the federal secretariat, Abuja, is currently on fire. Two vehicles of the agency have been consumed while firefighters are currently battling to put out the inferno. A witness told TheCable that aggrieved members of the Islamic Movement in Nigeria (IMN)… July 22, 2019 In "Top Stories"