THE Public Relations Officer of the Nigerian Immigration Service, Edo State Command, Bridget Esene, has said that she was meant to be killed but her abductors sold her to suspected Fulani herdsmen.  Esene, who was released by her abductors on Tuesday, said she suffered at the hands of the kidnappers. Speaking on Wednesday through the telephone, she said, “The armed men numbering five trailed me to my church at Ikhueniro near Benin City where I was kidnapped.  “I was forced into their car and driven out of the church premises by my abductors who later sold me to another set of kidnappers, who are suspected herdsmen. I saw hell and l don’t wish my enemy such.” She said upon sighting the kidnappers, she had attempted to escape but was intercepted at gunpoint by the hoodlums. Esene stated that the armed men later took her into the forest and some other hardened kidnappers were on the ground to receive her.  She added, “I was later sold to another set of gunmen who then took me deep into the forest.” Mrs Esene said she was later rescued by the police and the vigilante. Source ABUJA - A student of the Nigerian Law School, Abuja, Miss Motunrayo Rafiu, who was abducted by suspected kidnappers in the Kabba area of Kogi State, on Tuesday said her abductors were Fulani herdsmen. Miss Rafiu, who is a graduate of the Olabisi Onabanjo University, Ago Iwoye, noted that the… February 12, 2020 In "Metro" The only female among the five persons kidnapped in Ogbere area of Ijebu-Ode last Thursday, Mrs. Ibelegbo Chidimma, has narrated how she escaped from their kidnappers, Saturday Punch reports. Chidimma, a pastor at the Redeemed Christian Church of God, was kidnapped alongside four others (all male) on Thursday around the… August 4, 2019 In "Metro" It has been revealed that the army captain who ordered the killing of three IRT officers had 191 phone chats with the notorious kidnapper they freed.   The Nigerian Army Captain who allegedly ordered soldiers on security check-point along the Ibi-Jalingo Expressway in Taraba State, to attack and kill police operatives… August 14, 2019 In "Metro"