Presidential aspirant, Atiku Abubakar has reportedly been selling off his shares in Intels, a company he co-founded with an Italian national, Gabriele Volpi, to provide integrated logistics services for Nigeria’s maritime, oil and gas sectors.  Intels signed an agreement with the Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) in 2010 to collect revenue on behalf of the federal government agency on some port operations, but there has been many issues from the deal on grounds of alleged illegalities. In a statement released on Monday, January 4 by his spokesman Paul Ibe, the former Vice-President accused the federal government of going after his business. Insisting that there should be a marked difference between politics and business, Atiku added that he is redirecting his investment to other sectors of the economy for returns and creation of jobs. The Statement Read; “Co-founder of Integrated Logistics Services Nigeria Limited (Intels), Atiku Abubakar, has been selling his shares in Intels over the years. “It assumed greater urgency in the last five years, because this Government has been preoccupied with destroying a legitimate business that was employing thousands of Nigerians because of politics. “He has sold his shares in Intels and redirected his investment to other sectors of the economy for returns and creation of jobs.” The business dispute between the Nigerian government and the Integrated Logistics Services Nigeria Limited, Intels, is now a subject of litigation, with Intels accusing authorities of breaching agreements and sabotaging its multi-billion dollar ports investments through de-categorization of terminals, court papers sighted. The Nigerian Ports Authority had in May conveyed… June 23, 2017 In "News" (Sundiata Post) – The Director General of the Nigeria Maritime Adm i n i s t rat i o n and Safety Agency (NIMASA) Dr Dakuku Peterside, has lauded INTELS Nigeria Limited for its investment in the development of multi-billion dollar oil and gas logistics Free Trade Zone in Onne… July 5, 2017 In "News" By Wendell Simlin Over the last couple of weeks, Atiku has been making the news from running “one of the best campaigns in Nigeria’s history”. He’s probably been basking in that halo of “assembling great teams”. I think this is not very true. His media team seems decent, but I… November 18, 2014 In "Opinion"