 THE National Examinations Council (NECO) has fixed new date for the 2020 Senior Secondary School Certificate Examination (SSSCE) for external candidates.  The council said the new date followed requests by candidates to have more time to complete their registration for the examination. According to NECO, the examination, which was earlier scheduled to begin on Monday, February 1, 2021 and end on Wednesday, March 3, 2021, will now start on Monday, February 8, 2021, and end on Wednesday, March 10, 2021.  The statement reads: “The Council hereby informs those candidates, who missed some papers during the 2020 SSCE (Internal) due to the #EndSARS protests in some states, to take note of these new dates and report for the examination accordingly at their various examination centers to be designated.” The statement advised candidates to access the revised examination timetable on the Council’s website: www.neco.gov.ng. Source The National Examinations Council has fixed new dates for its examination after candidates requested for more time to complete the registration process for the 2020 SSCE (External). In a statement by the Head, Information and Public Relations Division, Azeez Sani, the Council noted that the examination which was earlier scheduled… January 26, 2021 In "Education" THE National Examination Council on Wednesday announced the release of the 2020 Senior School Certificate Examination (internal) results. But a total of 233,000 candidates, who were prevented from taking the NECO examination in some states due to the #EndSARS protests, would be accommodated in the external examination scheduled for between… January 14, 2021 In "Education" By Funmilayo Adeyemi Abuja - The National Examination Council (NECO), has assured the public of its commitment to ensure effective and efficient conduct of all its examinations. This is following complaints by some schools whose candidates are unable to sit for the ongoing Basic Education Certificate Examination (BECE) that commenced… August 26, 2020 In "Education"