….Says it markes strong point of cooperation and support for Nigeria as well as the African continent By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  President Muhammadu Buhari warmly welcomes inauguration of Vice President JoeBiden and Sen. Kamala Harris as President and Vice President of the United States of America on Wednesday. Buhari in a statement released  by his Senior Special Adviser (Media and Publicity) Garba Shehu, expressing hope that their presidency will mark a strong point of cooperation and support for Nigeria as well as the African continent. President Buhari therefore congratulated the leaders, and entire country on the successful transition, which marks an important historical inflection point for democracy as a system of government and for the global community as a whole. “We look forward to the Biden presidency with great hope and optimism for strengthening of existing cordial relationships, working together to tackle global terrorism, climate change, poverty and improvement of economic ties and expansion of trade. “We hope that this will be an era of great positivity between our two nations, as we jointly address issues of mutual interest,” the President added. President Buhari and all Nigerians rejoice with President Joe Biden, sharing the proud feeling that the first woman elected Vice President of the United States has an African and Asian ancestry, the statement added. New Delhi — None of Kamala Harris' relatives still live in her ancestral village in southern India, but that didn't dampen the festive mood there on Wednesday as she prepared to take the oath as the first South Asian Vice President of the United States. Harris will also be the… January 20, 2021 In "Foreign" The inauguration of Joe Biden and Kamala Harris as President and Vice President on Wednesday took place amid a slew of firsts: Unprecedented security, in the aftermath of the storming of the Capitol on January 6; an audience without people, barring dignataries; the swearing in of the first African-American, Asian-American,… January 20, 2021 In "News" President-elect Joe Biden has arrived at the US Capitol where he would be sworn-in as the 46th US President. He was accompanied by his wife Jill Biden. The incoming Vice President Kamala Harris has also arrived and accompanied by her spouse Douglas Emhoff. Also present to grace the ceremony is… January 20, 2021 In "Foreign"