Abuja (Sundiata Post) –   The Academic Staff Union of Universities on Tuesday insisted Nigerian universities are not ready to re-open in the middle of a second wave of the coronavirus pandemic. The National Universities Commission (NUC) had earlier directed universities to resume academic activities on January 18. But ASUU is asking the federal government to review the decision, as more COVID-19 cases continue to be reported across the country On Monday, the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) reported 1,244 new cases and three more deaths. “Our concern is rooted in the safety of our members,” ASUU’s National President, Biodun Ogunyemi, said on Sunrise Daily. “What happens to congested hostels, crowded classrooms? What flexible arrangements are in place? It is a situation of emergency. I’m not sure the Universities can cope. When asked if e-learning was an option for universities, the ASUU President said the necessary infrastructure was not in place. “We are aware that some universities are putting measures in place, with alternative learning models,” he said. “Some are even trying blended classes, virtual and physical. “But these efforts are limited. They get to a point they can’t go further. “ASUU has been talking about revitalisation since 2012. These are some of the areas where the assistance would have helped. Universities need huge funds to do this. “People are saying start virtual classes, but more than 60 percent of our students will run into trouble – they can’t afford data or smartphones.” ASUU recently called off a ten-month-old strike over demands related to salary structure and government support for universities.(Channels TV). Branches of the Academic Staff Union of Universities on Sunday assessed COVID-19 protocols in the universities and said the institutions were not ready for safe reopening. The chapters of the union, in separate interviews with The PUNCH, commented on the directive of the National Universities Commission that universities could resume… January 11, 2021 In "Education" Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU), Kaduna State University (KASU) chapter, has kicked against the university management’s plan to reopen the school after many months of lockdown due to COVID-19 pandemic.   The state chapter of the ASUU said it is not yet safe to reopen the institution because of… October 17, 2020 In "News" Universities in Nigeria have been told to resume academic activities on the 18th of January. The directive was issued by the National Universities Commission (NUC) directing vice-chancellors of universities to commence academic activities on January 18, in accordance with the directive of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) team on Covid-19.… January 8, 2021 In "Education"