…..Says Obiozor Has Track Records of Integrity, Honour, Courage and Intellectual capacity By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  The Minority Leader of the Senate, Senator Enyinnaya Abaribe has congratulated Ambassadors George Obiozor and Okey Emuchay on their emergence as the President General, and Secretary General of Ohaneze Ndigbo Worldwide respectively. He said Professor Obiozor who is widely acknowledged for his track record of excellence, honour, intellectual capacity and courage in public service, qualities that greatly qualifies him as the preferred choice to lead the apex Igbo socio-cultural organization, will no doubt inject such attributes to further reinvigorate and build an actiist-driven Ohaneze in the face of current realities in Nigeria. Abaribe sent the goodwill message on Monday in a state signed by his Media Adviser, Uchenna Awom made available to Sundiata Post in Abuja. Senator Abaribe said the choice of the duo is indeed most heart warming and will no doubt sustain the progressive trajectory, which the immediate past executive built. “I am confident that the new executive, known for their consumate love for the Igbo race, particularly the President General who has been at the frontline in articulating interest of Ndi-Igbo, would continue to exhibit courage and forthrightness in not only pursuing our collective interest in Nigeria, but also weave Ndigbo as a nation bonded in love, peace and unity”, said Abaribe The Minority Leader also advised other contestants who are also eminently qualified to accept the outcome of the election and look at the bigger picture with regards to the importance of unity in the pursuit of the interest of Ndigbo. He however, cautioned those bent on using falsehood to engender disunity among Ndigbo to desist forthwith.  A former Nigerian ambassador to the United States, Israel and Cyprus, Prof. George Obiozor, has emerged the President-General of Ohanaeze Ndigbo. Obiozor emerged in an election held at Dan Anyim Stadium in Owerri, the Imo State capital. This was even as other candidates for the position boycotted the election. Chief… January 11, 2021 In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Former Deputy President of the Senate, Senator Ike Ekweremadu, has congratulated the minority principal officers of the 9th Senate on their emergence. The Media Aide to the former Deputy President of the Senate, Uche Anichukwu disclosed this on Saturday in a statement sent… June 15, 2019 In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  Contrary to reports in some online media, (not Sundiata Post), the Federal lawmaker resenting Abia South senatorial district at the National Assembly, Senator Eyinnaya Abaribe has not been released from detention, Sundiata Post authoritatively reports.   Recall that the Department of State Services, DSS,… June 25, 2018 In "News"