Chief Sunday Adeyemo, popularly known as Sunday Igboho, has estimated the damage and loss suffered in the early Tuesday morning fire at his residence at Soka, Ibadan, at N50million.  Speaking with journalists shortly after the fire incident, suspected to have been caused by arsonists, Igboho described the perpetrators as cowards. Igboho was recently in the news for giving an eviction notice to herdsmen in Igangan, Ibarapa North LGA of Oyo State. The notice followed allegations of killings, rapes and kidnappings levelled against the Fulani herdsmen in the community. He said that the house attacked by the suspected hoodlums was an old residence, adding that the perpetrators did not have the guts to attack where he lives. “When the fire started, they called me and by the time I got there, the arsonist had fled. “They are cowards. Why can’t they come to where I live. You would have seen evidence because they won’t escape,” he said. On the speculation that he has been tipped to be the Commander of Western Nigeria Security Network (WNSN) codenamed Amotekun, he said he was not interested in such. “I don’t seek such relevance. What I am saying is that the Fulanis herders that are terrorizing my people should leave the area. “We want peace and that is all. I don’t need any political appointment or money from anybody. We only want peace in our area,” he said. Some residents, who spoke to NAN on condition of anonymity, said the suspected hoodlums came in a Toyota bus and Micra car around 3am on Tuesday. They told NAN that the suspected hoodlums shot sporadically into the air to scare away residents before setting the house on fire.  (NAN) •Photo courtesy of The Nation  One of the houses of Yoruba rights activist, Chief Sunday Adeyemo a.k.a Sunday Igboho in Soka, Ibadan, capital of Oyo State, has been burnt down by suspected arsonists, according to a breaking news by The Nation. The incident was said to have occurred in the… January 26, 2021 In "Top Stories" Yoruba activist, Sunday Igboho has warned that those who razed down his house worth N50 million will run mad within 48 hours. Recall that his house was razed by unknown arsonists who came in two buses, fired gunshots sporadically before setting the house ablaze. This happened just five days after… January 26, 2021 In "News" Nigerian politician and writer, Femi Fani-Kayode has warned against intimidation and victimization of Yoruba activist, Sunday Igboho following his antics over the weekend. He also condemned the Nigerian army for beating Ogun residents who rejected Fulani herdsmen. Here is FFK's article below: For soldiers to escort murderous Fulani herdsmen back… January 25, 2021 In "Opinion"