Ebonyi State Governor, Dave Umahi speaks at the Government House in Abakaliki on January 5, 2021. The South-East Governors Forum have accused desperate politicians of aligning with bandits to distabilise Nigeria. Chairman of the Forum and Ebonyi State Governor, Dave Umahi, made the comments on Tuesday after a virtual meeting with the five governors of the region in attendance. “The governors are so worried about the killings and kidnappings that are going on by our people in the southeast, killing our own people and the security agencies,” he said. “The situation is being heightened by the activities of very desperate politicians, this time irrespective of party affiliations. “There are so many desperate politicians in all the political parties that are so desperate for power and they have aligned with some bandits in the southeast to destabilise the nation.” Governor Umahi explained that the five southeast states dissociated themselves from a bi-partisan meeting convened by some stakeholders from the region on the security situation. The Ebonyi governor urged them to instead speak out and condemn killings within their domain. He also seized the opportunity to shed more light on a viral social media video, relating to the eviction of some Nigerians from the northern part of the country resident in Ebonyi State.  “The Fulani settlement that decided to move to Taraba State and retained some of the family members in Ebonyi State and of course, the man is still here. “Politicians as we have intelligence gathering went to put a voice and said it is the Igbos that are chasing away the herdsmen from Ebonyi State. “Such a video went very wide and was causing panic in other parts of the country. That was very much uncalled for because we also have over 11 million of our people living in the north. “We have so many of our people living in south-south and south-west. When people do this, they think they are doing it to pull down a particular governor, not knowing that they are doing it to start killings against our people.” Channels TV Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria (MACBAN) Thursday endorsed Governor Dave Umahi for the presidency of Nigeria come 2023. At the well-attended South East Security Summit in Enugu, the national president of the group, Alhaji Muhammadu Kirowa told the gathering without mincing words that Umahi is the next president… June 20, 2019 In "Top Stories" The leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, Nnamdi Kanu has come under intense attack from the Governor of Ebonyi state, David Umahi. Umahi attacked Kanu for creating a new security outfit. Umahi is also the Chairman of Southeast Governors Forum. Nnamdi Kanu had in a statement released a few… December 21, 2020 In "News" •IPOB Leader Nnamdi Kanu By Pamela Eboh, Awka  The leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, has insisted that former Deputy Senate president, Ike Ekweremadu, was among some Igbo elites that played active role in the plot to assassinate him and kill the dream of an… August 21, 2019 In "Top Stories"