The Federal Government on Tuesday said the country has the capacity to store up to 400,000 doses of the expected COVID-19 vaccine. The Executive Director of the National Primary Health Development Agency, Dr Faisal Shuaib disclosed this during a tour of the National Strategic Cold Store in Abuja. Nigeria is expected to receive 100,000 doses of the Pfizer COVID-19 vaccine by the end of January.  The Pfizer vaccines must be stored at the ultra-cold temperature of -70°C. The NSCS houses three ultra-cold chain equipment. The three pieces of equipment have a combined capacity of 2,100 litres and operate at a temperature of -85 degrees Celsius, according to Dr. Shuaib. Recently the Director-General of the Nigerian Institute of Medical Research (NIMR), Babatunde Salako, in an interview with Punch Newspaper, said the country does not have enough freezers to store the Pfizer vaccine. More photos from the facility tour: Channels TV Virologists and other medical experts have warned that 100,000 doses of the COVID-19 vaccine the country is expecting may become useless, if proper arrangements are not made for their transportation and storage. The experts, including the Chief Executive Officer of the Institute of Human Virology, Nigeria, Dr Patrick Dakum; a… January 18, 2021 In "Features" The President of the Pharmaceutical Society of Nigeria, Mazi Sam Ohuabunwa, has cautioned the Federal Government to consider Nigeria’s storage facilities and situation of electricity before procuring COVID-19 vaccines. He said this in an exclusive interview with The PUNCH on Thursday. According to him, it is safer for the country… January 14, 2021 In "News" Nigeria does not currently have enough freezers to store thousands of doses of Pfizer/BioNTech vaccine when they are delivered to the country, according to the Nigerian Institute of Medical Research (NIMR). Faisal Shuaib, executive director of the National Primary Health Care Development Agency (NPHCDA), had said the country would receive… January 17, 2021 In "News"