A response has been given by the Presidency after pigeons released by President Muhammadu Buhari refused to fly during the Armed Forces Remembrance Day ceremony.  Recall that Buhari was mocked on social media over the incident. President Muhammadu Buhari’s Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Femi Adesina while giving an insight why the pigeons could not fly, said it was because they had been kept in a cage for a very long time. As a mark of peace, the president usually released white pigeons from a cage during the Armed Forces Remembrance Day ceremony. But during the 2021 edition of the ceremony, the pigeons refused to fly after Buhari released them from their cage. This drew negative reactions from Nigerians who described the development as a bad luck. However, Adesina in an article titled: “Reflections from a wreath laying ceremony”, said: “When birds and some other roaming animals have been circumscribed for a while, they get accustomed to their new status as lawful captives. Therefore, when you offer them freedom, they first baulk, thinking it’s too good to be true. It’s a natural phenomenon. “President Buhari opened the cage that held the pigeons, about a score or so. One hesitated, then flew, followed by another. “The others temporized a bit. And then, two, three minutes later, they all took to the sky. Nothing extraordinary in the development, you would think.” Source President Muhammadu Buhari has been ridiculed on social media after pigeons refused to fly during the armed forces remembrance on Friday. President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan and Speaker of the House of Representatives, Femi Gbajabiamila who graced the event had laid wreaths during the Armed Forces Remembrance Day celebration… January 15, 2021 In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The twitter has been buzzing with reactions from Nigerians after a mild drama today at the National Arcade, Eagle Square, Abuja as President Muhammadu Buhari's pigeons released to mark the Armed Forces Remembrance Day refused to fly. President Buhari, after laying the wrath… January 15, 2021 In "Social Media Feeds" The Presidency, on Thursday, assured that President Muhammadu Buhari is busy working to keep Nigerians safe from the ravaging Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Pandemic. Special Adviser to the President on Media and Publicity, Mr Femi Adesina, in a tweet on his Tweeter handle, @FemAdesina, also lashed out at some people, whom… March 26, 2020 In "News"