The Federal Government on Tuesday said the late presentation of COVID-19 patients at approved treatment centres had largely contributed to the number of deaths recorded in the country.  The Minister of State for Health, Dr. Olorunnimbe Mamora, said this on Monday during the press conference of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19. He said, “The various approved treatment centres have scaled up activities as directed and quality of care continues to improve. A major factor contributing to the mortality of cases is the late presentation at the approved treatment centres. “We, therefore, appeal to caregivers not to hold on to suspected cases who fit the case identification protocol for longer than necessary and refer promptly. This will greatly improve treatment outcomes and drive our case fatality rate further down.”  The minister also said that the Federal Government has been making spirited efforts at ensuring availability of oxygen on a short term basis through collaboration with CACOVID while still pursuing the process for immediate intervention for nationwide equitable and sustainable oxygen availability at the Federal Tertiary Hospitals as well as state-owned Hospitals. He said, “We acknowledge with thanks the provision of 100 cylinders of medical oxygen per day by a donor company for the needed support of patients in the Isolation and Treatment Centers in the FCT. “It is important to state that the ultimate plan in terms of medical oxygen supply is based on systematic oxygen assessment and gaps identification in the country bothering severe disequilibrium, uneven storage/demand ratio, distribution logistics challenges and equipment and plant dilapidation. “Our oxygen availability intervention plan is targeted at immediate, medium and long term plans with special attention to the COVID-19 high burden areas like FCT, Lagos, Kaduna.” Mamora said that it was imperative during the second wave to strictly adhere to the non-pharmaceutical interventions of wearing face mask, physical and social distancing; hand washing with soap and water and use of hand sanitizers where necessary. He said that in this regard the taskforce is liaising with state governments, National Orientation Agency and other relevant MDAs to intensify sensitization of the general public on the need to comply with the existing COVID – 19 protocols. Source Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The federal government has directed that all confirmed cases of virus in a state must be treated in such state to further limit the spread of COVID-19, This was one of the resolutions adopted at the end of a virtual Emergency National Council of Health (NCH)… April 22, 2020 In "News" The Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, on Thursday, said COVID-19 patients, who spent a long period at isolation centres were at the risk of depression, The PUNCH reports. Ehanire, who stated this in Abuja at the press conference of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19, said government planned to… May 22, 2020 In "News" A negative laboratory test result of COVID-19 patients is no longer required for such patients to be discharged, a Nigerian official has said. The Director-General of the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), Chikwe Ihekweazu, made this known at the daily Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19 briefing on Thursday.… June 5, 2020 In "News"