 The Chairman of the Senate panel who issued the directive on Thursday, Senator Ayo Akinyelure, said the committee observed that by that action, the NPA has tampered with the implementation of the 2018 budget of the agency.  He said the agency, by doing so, had “shortchanged innocent Nigerians who retired from the services of NPA after a 35 years meritorious service to the Nation”. The senate panel acted on a petition brought to it by one Isa Usman Kunini and three retired workers on behalf of 126 other ex-officers of the NPA over the non-payment of a significant portion of their gratuity by the NPA after their retirement in 2018.  In the petition, the retired workers requested that the Senate should look into the matter and urge the NPA management to include the sum of N1,160, 732, 309.43 being the outstanding amount that accrued to the ex-officers in the 2020 budget for immediate payment. Kunini and three others appeared before the Committee and made a presentation on 17th December, 2020, but NPA management did not show up. Akinyelure flayed the action of the NPA management and warned that his committee would no longer sit back and allow any government agency alter the implementation of the budget duly passed by the National Assembly. ‌ He said some management staff of the agencies hid under the guise of board approval, which ran contrary to the Appropriation Act signed to law by the President of Nigeria. Briefing journalists shortly after the Public Hearing, Akinyelure said, “It is highly embarrassing that NPA Management Board would sit in their boardroom and alter a budget which has already been passed by the National Assembly and signed to law by the President. He said, “The NPA by their action, has shortchanging the helpless retirees with high level of impunity.” Akinyelure said that apart from the MD, the Chairman, and Secretary of the NPA board must appear before his Committee on the 4th February, 2021 at 1pm. He said, “They should come and explain the rationale behind their illegal act to deliberately deny the retirees of their legitimate gratuity entitlements amounting to N1,160,732,309.43 covering the period of 1st Jan. -11th July 2018.” By Grace Alegba Lagos - Towards finding lasting solution to gridlock in Apapa, the Senate Committee on Works on Friday advocated co-operation of various government agencies to make port operations easier. The committee during an emergency meeting with stakeholders in Lagos as part of its oversight functions condemned extortion of… April 27, 2019 In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Maritime Workers Union of Nigeria (MWUN) will begin a nationwide strike on Wednesday, July 3, after the expiration of a two-week strike ultimatum issued by the union on June 13 over non-payment of stevedoring contractors. Mr Abdul-Waheed Adeyanju, the President-General of MWUN made this known in… June 30, 2019 In "Top Stories" By Felix Onajite These are not the best of times for the Managing Director of the Nigerian Ports Authority, Hadiza Bala-Usman, as an audit report conducted by the Auditor-General’s office has allegedly indicted the her for various questionable transactions, according to Per Second News. However, the management of NPA has… May 23, 2019 In "Top Stories"