The Bishop of Sokoto Diocese, Matthew Hassan Kukah has been honoured with a new appointment by Pope Francis.  The head of the Catholic church appointed Kukah as a member of the Dicastery for the Promotion of Human Integral Development. This is contained in a statement signed by Director, Social communications, Catholic Diocese of Sokoto, Reverend Father Christopher Omotosho, in Sokoto on Monday evening. The statement said the appointment was contained in a letter to Bishop Kukah dated 11th December, 2020, and signed by Peter Cardinal Turkson, the Prefect of the Dicastery. “By this appointment, Bishop Kukah will join other members of the Dicastery drawn from different regions of the world to advise and promote the pope’s concerns on issues of justice and peace, human rights, torture, human trafficking, care of creation and other issues related to the promotion of human dignity and development. “The appointment, which is renewable, is for an initial period of five years. The Council will be formally inaugurated on a later date. “The Dicastery for the Promotion of Integral Human Development and was created on January 1, 2017, when four Dicasteries, namely, the Pontifical Councils for Justice and Peace, Cor Unum, Pastoral Care of Immigrants and Itinerant People and Health Care of Workers, were all merged by the Holy Father.” Omotosho further said that “This appointment adds to Bishop Kukah’s string of national and international engagements within the universal Church. “He was first appointed a Consultor and later a Member of the Pontifical Council for Inter-Religious Dialogue, Vatican City and served under three Popes. “He is currently, Chairman, Dialogue Committees of both the Regional Episcopal Conference of West Africa (RECOWA) and the Catholic Bishops’ Conference of Nigeria (CBCN). He was a member of the official Delegation of the Holy See that met with the Emir of Qatar when that country opened diplomatic relations with the Holy See in 2002.” Source Ibadan - Bishop Mathew Hassan-Kukah will on Tuesday, July 26, in Ibadan give a critical accounts of the findings from the Nigeria’s Truth Commission 2011, popularly known as `Oputa Panel’ This is contained in a statement signed by Dr Festus Adedayo, and made available to newsmen in Ibadan on Sunday.… July 24, 2016 In "News" By Habibu Harisu Sokoto -  The Catholic Bishop of Sokoto Diocese, Bishop Matthew Kukah, on Tuesday donated relief materials to victims of flood disaster in Jibia Local Government Area, Katsina State. Rev. Father Lawrence Emehel of the Justice, Development and Peace Centre (JDPC), who represented Kukah, disclosed this to the… July 24, 2018 In "News" •Bishop Matthew Hassan Kukah LAGOS - The Guild of Corporate Online Publishers (GOCOP) has announced Catholic Bishop of Sokoto, Most Rev Dr. Matthew Hassan Kukah, as the keynote speaker at its third annual conference holding on Friday, October 4, 2019 at Sheraton Hotel, Ikeja, Lagos State. A statement signed by… September 16, 2019 In "News"