MINNA – Six people have been killed and three others kidnapped when bandits invaded two local government areas in Niger State. Five of those killed were at Babban-Rami village, while the sixth person killed was at Sabonrijiya in Mashegu Local Government Area of the state. Those kidnapped were ladies and they were abducted from their house at Barakuta in Bosso Local Government Area of the state. An eyewitness told THISDAY that the first incident occurred on Thursday at about 11.30am, while the kidnap case at Barakuta in Bosso Local Government Area occurred Friday evening. Those killed at Babanrami, according to an eyewitness, were returning from their farm in a Toyota Canter vehicle after harvesting some grains when they were waylaid by the gunmen. It was gathered that the bandits, who were riding on motorcycles, raced after the vehicle and sporadically shot at those in the vehicle killing five of them with one person escaping with gunshot injuries. According to the report, the bandits did not go with the harvested grains after killing the farmers. The person killed at Sabon Rijiya was also shot by the bandits. The raid at Barakuta village in Bosso Local Government Area took place at about 8pm on Friday, according to an eyewitness. The bandits were said to have invaded the community also riding on motorcycles and shot sporadically. In the confusion that followed, the three ladies were taken away by the gunmen, it was learnt. The police could not be reached for comments, however, the Secretary to the State Government, Alhaji Ahmed Ibrahim Matane, confirmed the incidents and condemned the attack on innocent farmers by the bandits. Matane said the Niger State Government is on top of the situation. (THISDAY) One person has been confirmed killed, three others are seriously injured, while 20 people have been kidnapped in a bandit raid on some communities in Borgu Local Government area of Niger State, according to a report by ThisDay. It was also gathered that the Imam of the emir’s palace mosque… February 4, 2020 In "Metro" An early morning bandits attack in Erena in Shiroro local government area of Niger state has left two people dead and about 2,000 cattle stolen. Many people were injured in the attack where over 100 bandits were said to have invaded Erena and its environs shooting sporadically and brandishing dangerous… April 27, 2020 In "News" By YUSHA’U ADAMU IBRAHIM & HABIBU UMAR AMINU KATSINA - It was a terrifying moment for residents of Yankara village in Faskari Local Government Area of Katsina State when dozens of armed bandits stormed the village and kidnapped a bride-to-be and her best friend 48 hours to her wedding Fatiha.… May 24, 2020 In "Metro"