Benue State Security Council has imposed a dusk-to-dawn curfew in Ukum and Katsina-Ala local government areas as part of efforts to contain banditry, kidnapping and robbery and other criminal activities in the area. Briefing reporters at the end of the meeting, the Deputy Governor Benson Abounu said the curfew remains in force from 8:00 p.m. to 6:00 a.m. daily. He also stated that the council resolved to sustain the ban on the use of motorcycles of all kinds in the area, pending further review of the security situation. Abounu, however, said movement of patients and expectant mothers among others would be allowed after thorough investigation. According to him, the council observed that motorcycle operators had migrated from areas affected by the ban to neighbouring rural communities where they cause mayhem, even as he urged security agents to intensify surveillance in those areas. Abounu said the decision to ban the use of motorcycles in Sankera followed heinous attacks on residents in Ukum and Katsina-Ala which resulted in the death of many people, stressing that the ban is successful. The Deputy Governor confirmed cases of burning of some motorcycles in Sankera by security agents, adding that the action was stopped immediately it was brought to the attention of the leadership of Operation Whirl Stroke. By Emmanuel Antswen Makurdi - The Benue Government on Monday imposed a 24 hours curfew on Katsina-Ala town in Katsina-Ala Local Government Area (LGA) of the state. This is contained in a statement signed by the Chief Press Secretary to the Acting Governor Mr Ede Ogaba and made available to… April 22, 2019 In "News" Abuja -   The National Economic Council (NEC) says the security situation in Benue Sate has improved. Benue State Deputy Gov., Mr Benson Abounu, briefed State House correspondents after NEC meeting presided over by the Acting President, Prof. Yemi Osinbajo on Thursday. Abounu said that the National Security Adviser, Babagana… August 16, 2018 In "News" The authorities of Guma Local Government Area of Benue State on Tuesday imposed a curfew on the troubled Daudu community over allegation of missing genitals. Chairman of the local government, Hon. Caleb Abba said that the curfew will run from 8.00 pm to 6:00 am on a daily basis until… November 11, 2020 In "News"