By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The twitter has been buzzing with reactions from Nigerians after a mild drama today at the National Arcade, Eagle Square, Abuja as President Muhammadu Buhari’s pigeons released to mark the Armed Forces Remembrance Day refused to fly. President Buhari, after laying the wrath to honor the country’s fallen heroes, tried releasing the white pigeons into the sky but they refused flying. At first, Buhari was giving one bird to make it fly, but it refused even after he released it into the air. Buhari, who was eager to let the white pigeons fly, opened the roof of the cage in a bid to send them all out but the birds remained adamant and decided to sit on top of the cage’s roof. The President, who appeared tired of trying, soon left the birds and returned to his seat. Moments after the President had left, however, some of the birds flew. The ritual of releasing doves is to commemorate the life of a departed loved one and is common at significant events like funerals or memorials. It also signifies peace. What happened has really sparked mixed reactions on twitter. Sundiata Post captured some of these reactions: President Muhammadu Buhari has been ridiculed on social media after pigeons refused to fly during the armed forces remembrance on Friday. President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan and Speaker of the House of Representatives, Femi Gbajabiamila who graced the event had laid wreaths during the Armed Forces Remembrance Day celebration… January 15, 2021 In "News" Dear Editor, NatGeo, I am a great fan of your magazine, National Geographic, and your sister platform, National Geo Wild, and your coverage of natural history, particularly the behaviour of animals in the wild. I must commend you and your organization for the high level of commitment, attentiveness to details… February 13, 2018 In "Opinion" By Ismaila Chafe   Abuja   -      President Muhammadu Buhari on Tuesday led Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, the leadership of the National Assembly, and the Judiciary to lay wreath at the National Memorial Arcade in Abuja. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the event marked the climax of the… January 15, 2019 In "News"