Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  The US House joined the Senate in rejecting an objection to Arizona’s electoral votes Wednesday, an expected rebuke of Republicans’ and Trump’s efforts to overturn Joe Biden’s victory. The objection failed 303-121, with a much larger percentage of House Republicans voting to uphold the objection (121 voted to uphold vs 83 joining with Democrats) compared their Senate colleagues, where only 6 out of 51 Republicans voted to uphold. Republican and Democrats clap while House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy commends Capitol Police and law enforcement for their work after rioters supporting President Donald Trump breached the US Capitol [Erin Schaff/Pool via Reuters]The House and Senate will return to a joint session to continue tallying each state’s certified electoral votes, eventually culminating in the affirmation of Biden’s election as president and Kamala Harris as vice president. Prior to the day’s riots at the Capitol, Republicans had discussed objecting to several states’ electoral votes. It is unclear if they will stick to those plans, which will result in just delaying the inevitable certification of the 2020 election results. (Aljazeera). US federal election officials have said the 2020 White House vote was the "most secure in American history" - rejecting President Donald Trump's fraud claims. "There is no evidence that any voting system deleted or lost votes, changed votes, or was in any way compromised," the committee announced. They spoke… November 13, 2020 In "News" Joe Biden has said President Donald Trump's refusal to concede victory in last week's White House election is "an embarrassment". But the US president-elect - who has been making contact with foreign leaders - insisted nothing would stop the transfer of power. Mr Trump meanwhile tweeted he would ultimately win… November 11, 2020 In "Foreign" American politician, Kamala Harris has reacted the triumph of Joe Biden over Donald Trump. Harris, Joe Biden's running mate, made after making history as the first woman and black person to be named vice president-elect after Biden was named President-elect. It will be recalled that Joe Biden became the 46th… November 8, 2020 In "Foreign"