By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The federal lawmaker that represented Kaduna Central Senatorial District at the 8th Senate, Senator Shehu Sani has written Sokoto Muslim Forum over the threat issued to the Catholic Bishop of Sokoto Diocese, Matthew Hassan Kukah to quickly and quietly leave the caliphate. Recalls that Kukah in his Christmas message was quoted to have accused President Muhammadu Buhari-led administration of not living up to expectation due to mounting economic and security challenges confronting the nation. The threat by the forum came barely 24 hours after Kukah accused the Jama’atu Nasril Islam (JNI), the umbrella body of Muslim groups, of inciting violence against him over the Christmas message. Shehu Sani in his letter released via his twitter handle urged the Muslim Forum Sokoto to go in peace and meet Kukah in his Parish, engage him in a debate and defeat or win him over with their superior argument; engage him in a debate and defeat or win him over with your superior argument; be a tolerant host, no need to threaten or ‘expel him’. Don’t set a precedent for “Quit noticing the messenger”. The letter reads in full: My Dear Muslim Forum Sokoto, go in peace and meet Kukah in his Parish, engage him in a debate and defeat or win him over with your superior argument; be a tolerant host, no need to threaten or ‘expel him’. Don’t set a precedent for “Quit noticing the messenger”Thank you There was a new twist to the lingering crisis between Catholic Bishop of Sokoto Diocese Matthew Kukah and the Muslim Solidarity Forum (MSF), on Tuesday as the Islamic group warned the cleric to “quickly and quietly leave” Sokoto, the seat of the caliphate. MSF said Kukah’s “innuendos and parables” in… January 13, 2021 In "News" The Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) has expressed displeasure over the call by the Muslim Solidarity Forum on the Bishop of Sokoto Catholic Diocese, Bishop Matthew Kukah, to apologise for his alleged attack on Islam and Muslims or leave the Caliphate. The forum, which labelled itself as an umbrella body… January 13, 2021 In "News" A popular Islamic group identified as Jama’atu Nasril Islam (JNI), have been accused by Catholic Bishop Matthew Kukah of Sokoto Diocese of inciting violence against him. Recall that the Islamic group had accused Kukah of “firing a poisoned arrow at the heart of Islam and Muslims in Nigeria” after his… January 12, 2021 In "News"