Pat Utomi, a Nigerian professor of political economy and management expert has revealed why Northern leaders are scared of restructuring.  Utomi who spoke at virtual media parley ahead of the ‘Never Again’ conference to mark 51 years after the civil war, noted that the north largely relies on the federal government for their share of revenue which “has made them really unproductive”. He added that northern politicians are scared of restructuring because they are formless outside Nigeria. Utomi Said; “There is a real crisis in the north that the south does not understand. They are painters of people who hate each other very much; that is the truth of the matter. That is why they are scared of restructuring because they don’t know where it will lead them, and outside of Nigeria, they are formless; there is no north.” The Nigerian Professor who stressed that restructuring will help the north become productive and move away from the poverty status, also announced that the second edition of the ‘Never Again’ conference which will feature Matthew Kukah, bishop of Sokoto Catholic diocese as the keynote addresser and former President Olusegun Obasanjo as the special guest of honour, will be chaired by Ayo Adebanjo, Afenifere leader and Kalu Idika Kalu, a former finance minister. Utomi Added; “It is recalled that Nigeria fought a bitter and internecine 30-month civil war that left in its wake a sharply divided nation with mutual suspicion, hatred and resentment across racial and regional lines. An estimated one million victims were killed immediately before and during the war. “The conference will x-ray the issues that led to the civil war and the need for patriots to work together to achieve national cohesion, especially in light of several centrifugal tendencies within the polity.”  Source Notable elder statesmen and socio-cultural leaders on Saturday converged, saying Nigeria was long overdue for restructuring while warning the Federal Government that the country was bleeding from bad leadership and poor policies.   The statesmen added that the government must not take Nigerians for granted, as the security and socioeconomic… November 1, 2020 In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  Ahead of the All Progressive Congress, APC gubernatorial primaries billed for September 29th, leaders, elders and stakeholders of the party in Delta North Senatorial district of the state have endorsed Prof. Pat Utomi as its Consensus candidate to square up with other governorship… September 27, 2018 In "Top Stories" *Only enemies of Nigeria oppose restructuring— Afenifere*We’re not surprised by Northern Elders’ commentsBy Dapo Akinrefon, Omeiza Ajayi & Olayinka AjayiThe Northern Elders Forum, NEF, has described Nigeria’s presidential system of government as “totally useless,” and expressed its readiness to engage other parts of the country in a debate on Nigeria’s… December 28, 2020 In "News"