Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Contrary to the claims on social media, Moyo, widow of Tunde Thomas, has finally reacted, says she never told her husband that he was not the father of her children. Social media has been awash with claims in a petition that the children of Moyo, a former employee of First City Monument Bank (FCMB), were fathered by Adam Nuru, the bank’s managing director. It was alleged that Moyo had informed her husband that she was leaving Nigeria for the United States with the kids — only to call him upon arrival that the children do not belong to him. Thomas was said to have died as a result of trauma after learning of the incident. Friends and family of Moyo had taken to social media to speak in her defence. But in a statement in Friday, Moyo finally broke her silence on the matter. In her statement, she denied ever telling her late husband that he was not the father of her children. “I write in reference to all the allegations and accusations that have recently been making the rounds on the internet and various social media platforms. I have refrained from responding to this matter for various reasons, one of which is to preserve the memories of Tunde who departed to be with his maker on December 16, 2020. Memories, not only to me, but to his children, who are still young, and to everybody who had a relationship with him,” she said. “Just like any marriage, Tunde and I had a lot of differences in our marriage, some of which even led to police intervention. But I remain committed to keeping only positive memories of him. No one can ever understand what transpired between us or what each of us experienced in the marriage; like they say, it is he who wears the shoes that knows where it pinches. In all of it, I never for once wished him bad. His untimely and sudden death is still a shock to me as it is to many others. “On no occasion did I ever tell him he was not the father of our two children. It is therefore deliberate falsehood and certainly malicious to allege and insinuate that I informed him that the children are not his. The children still bear his name. Only God knows why he died in an untimely period. It is not in my place, or anyone’s place to play God and talk with certainty as to the cause of his death, without proven medical facts. “Despite our separation, we never allowed our differences affect the relationships we respectively have with the children. He still had conversations with the children like any father will, up until his sudden and unfortunate death. It is quite sad and disheartening to see the pictures of these innocent children splashed all over the internet with very disparaging and weird comments. “I do wish his family and friends the fortitude to bear the unfortunate loss and I ask that we all be allowed to grieve his loss in peace. He has now been laid to rest and we implore all and sundry to please respect our privacy and allow those grieving his loss, including the children and I, to do so in peace.” Nuru has since opted to go on leave as the bank investigates the allegations. TheCable understands that he has denied all allegations on the paternity claims. (The Cable). The Managing Director, First City Monument Bank Limited, Adam Nuru, has volunteered to go on leave to enable the bank to investigate the paternity allegations against him. This was disclosed in a statement by the bank on Tuesday. The statement read, “We are aware of several stories circulating across several… January 6, 2021 In "Business" At least 1,927 persons have called for the sacking of the First City Monument Bank Managing Director, Adam Nuru, over alleged infidelity with a former worker with the bank, Moyo Thomas. The petition is requesting the Central Bank of Nigeria and the FCMB board to dismiss Nuru on ethical grounds.… January 3, 2021 In "Business" The Managing Director of the First City Monument Bank, Adam Nuru has been dragged mercilessly by Nigerians after he was accused of sleeping with and impregnating another man's wife who worked at the bank. The woman has since been identified as Moyo Thomas. Nigerians who took to social media described… January 3, 2021 In "Social Media Feeds"