LAGOS (Sundiata Post) – The Nigerian Ports Authority says its electronic call-up system for trucks has taken off.  This was contained in the authority’s official Twitter page and a statement on Friday. It tweeted: “The Authority is pleased to announce the commencement of Eto, the Electronic Truck call-up system, designed for the management of truck movement and access to and from the Lagos Ports Complex and the Tin Can Island Ports, Apapa, Lagos. “All trucks doing business at the ports will be required to park at the approved truck parks until they are called up into the port through the Eto app. “The Eto app will be responsible for the scheduling, entry and exit of all trucks into the ports with effect from February 27. “Therefore, all transporters, truck owners and truck drivers will be required to download the Eto App from Google play store or sign up at https://t.co/fYbOgUQKhD before the commencement date to enable them register accordingly.” In the statement signed by the Assistant General Manager, Corporate and Strategic Communications, Ibrahim S. Nasiru, the NPA said: “As part of efforts aimed at finding a permanent solution to the problem of truck congestion around Apapa and its environs, the Authority is pleased to announce the commencement of Eto, the Electronic Truck call-up system designed for the management of truck movement and access to and from the Lagos Ports Complex and the Tin Can Island Ports, Apapa, Lagos. “All trucks doing business at the ports will be required to park at the approved truck parks until they are called up into the port through the Eto app. “The Eto application will be responsible for the scheduling, entry and exit of all trucks into the ports with effect from 27th February 2021. “Therefore, all transporters, trucks owners and truck drivers will be required to download the Eto App from Google play store or sign up at http://eto.ttp.com.ng before the commencement date to enable them register accordingly. “In addition to this, cargo owners should please note that empty containers can only be returned to the ports through the approved holding bays of shipping companies using the Eto Platform. It is the responsibility of the shipping company to move empty containers from their holding bay to the Port. All cargo owners have to do is drop their empty containers at the holding bay of the shipping company. The shipping company will then make the necessary bookings on the Eto platform to return empty containers to the Port. “The management of the NPA solicits the cooperation of transporters, truck drivers, cargo owners, clearing agents shipping companies and all port users in the implementation of the project, which will bring order and sanity to the ports access roads. “Non-compliance to the use of Eto and its guidelines will result in denial of access into the Ports, impounding of trucks and withdrawal of registration/operating licence.” Lagos - An electronic call-up system to sanitise the movement of trucks and tankers operating in the Lagos ports will take off soon, its initiators said on Monday. Chief Chris Orode, Chairman of FT Logistics Global Services Ltd., a platform for electronic call-up solution for trucks and tankers made the disclosure while… November 23, 2015 In "News" The presidency has issued a directive for the immediate clearance of Apapa Port Congestion and emergency clean-up of gridlock on Apapa road. This was disclosed in a statement signed on Tuesday by the Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, the office of the vice president, Laolu… May 22, 2019 In "News" Lagos  -  A firm, FT Logistics and Global Services Ltd. on Wednesday said it would commence an electronic multi truck call-up system in first quarter of 2016 to address the gridlock on port access roads. The Chairman of the company, Chief Chris Orode made the disclosure in an interview with… January 13, 2016 In "News"