 Seventeen travellers who were plying the Abuja/Keffi road between Gudi and Akwanga local government area of Nasarawa State, have died following an accident on Saturday.  The Federal Roads Safety Commission, (FRSC) unit Commander in Akwanga, Assistant Corps Commander Ebere Onyegbaduo confirmed their death to Channels Television via telephone on Sunday. He said, “we received a distress call of a ghastly accident by 7:00 pm around Agwada Town, which is between Akwanga and Gudi Towns”.  “We rushed to the scene and found a Commercial VW Sharon Bus and a Private Toyota Sienna Bus both engulfed in flames with the occupants inside the burning vehicles. We called for Fire Brigade, the fire was contained by 11:00 pm and we completed the rescue by 2:00 am.” Ebere added that preliminary investigations showed that the Sharon Bus was coming from Abuja and the driver had tried to overtake another vehicle while on a hill when he ran into the Sienna and both vehicles went up in flames. He said the occupants of the Sharon Bus have been deposited at the Akwanga General Hospital while those of the Sienna have been taken to the Dalhatu Araf Specialist Hospital, ( DASH) in Lafia. Source By Yemi Adeleye Lagos - The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), Nasarawa Sector Command, says it has recovered and returned N900,000 belonging to victims of a fatal accident that occurred on Monday. The Sector Commander, Mr Hammed Mohammed, who disclosed this in a statement on Wednesday, said that the accident… August 12, 2020 In "News" Rev. Fr. Augustine Ashigabu, a Catholic Priest in Nasarawa State, has thanked God for his release, as he narrated his ordeal in the hands of abductors. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) recalls that the priest, who was kidnapped on April 7, regained his freedom on April 9. He told… April 29, 2020 In "News" ABUJA - The Federal Road Safety Commission (FRSC) said it would help accident victims or relations of persons who died in road accidents to seek redress and get compensation. [pro_ad_display_adzone id="10"] The commission said this would serve as means of stemming the rate of road accidents in the country. This… February 10, 2015 In "News"