By  Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  The opposition Peoples Democratic Party has reacted to the announced hike in electricity tariff by the ruling All Progressives Congress, urging President Muhammadu Buhari to Rescind the increase. The PDP in a statement released via it’s official twitter handle said the reasons adduced by NERC is not enough to warrant such an increase in electricity tariff, especially at the time Nigerians are looking up to government for economic recovery programmes and packages. The statement reads in full: PDP rejects the New Year ‘gift’ of hike in electricity tariff as approved by the APC-led Federal Government and urge President Muhammadu Buhari to immediately rescind the increase. The party describes the 100 percent hike in electricity tariff from N2 to N4 per kWhr, as announced by the National Electricity Regulatory Commission (NERC), as insensitive, anti-people and will worsen the economic hardship being faced by Nigerians at this time. The party contends that the reasons adduced by NERC is not enough to warrant such an increase in electricity tariff, especially at the time Nigerians are looking up to government for economic recovery programmes and packages. The PDP urges the APC and its government to note that such electricity tariff hike, at this critical time, will bear more pressure on homes and businesses, impact negatively on our national productivity and make life more unbearable, particularly at this period of insufferable economic recession. What our nation needs at this point are positive policies that will encourage Nigerians in their productive endeavours and cushion the hardship they face on daily basis instead of wicked policies that will only worsen their situation. It is imperative for the Federal Government to note that Nigerians are already weighed down by high costs and weak purchasing powers and as such should not be further burdened with high electricity costs. Nigerians have roundly rejected the resolve of the industry regulators to hike electricity tariffs across board from April 1, 2020. They described as epileptic and grossly unavailable power supply to all end users across the country that make any rate hike inadvisable. To avoid any untoward actions, they citizens appealed… January 6, 2020 In "News" By Emmanuel OloniruhaAbuja - The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has advised the Federal Government against increasing electricity tariff. A statement signed by PDP National Publicity Secretary, Mr Kola Ologbondiyan in Abuja, described the over 200 per cent increase as draconian and completely against the interest and wellbeing of Nigerians. Ologbondiyan… January 6, 2020 In "News" There is tension in the camp of the Senate President, Ahmad Lawan, over increasing protests from lawmakers, following recent actions taken by President Muhammadu Buhari-led administration. The fear, Daily Sun gathered, is borne of claims that some of the lawmakers drawn from the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and the ruling… September 4, 2020 In "Politics"