As Nigerians struggle to acquire the National Identity Number, NIN, from offices of the National Identity Management Commission, NIMC, across the country it has come to the knowledge of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, that some unscrupulous persons are cashing in on the excercise to induce enrollees to sell their NIN for a fee. The buyers of the numbers are also trading with them to persons whose motives are anything but noble. The EFCC wishes to alert Nigerians that it is not only illegal to sell their NIN, they stand the risk of vicarious liability for any act of criminality linked to their NIN. In other words, they risk arrest and prosecution for any act of criminality linked to their NIN whether or not they are directly responsible for such crimes. The Commission warns members of the public against selling their NIN and to report anyone seeking to buy their NIN, to the nearest office of the EFCC or other law enforcement agencies. Wilson Uwujaren Head, Media & Publicity 7 January, 2021. From PRNigeria By Jacinta Nwachukwu   Abuja   -     National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) has called on Nigerians and legal residents in the country to enrol in the National Identity Database for their National Identity Number (NIN) to forestall embarrassment. Mr Aliyu Aziz, the Director-General of NIMC, made the call in an interview… June 24, 2018 In "News" Abuja - Mrs Hadiza Dagabana, General Manager Legal Services, National Identity Management Commission (NIMC), on Saturday made some clarifications on the planned enforcement of the use of the National Identification Number (NIN). In an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja, Dagabana said it would be enforced… January 9, 2016 In "News" The Federal Government has deepened the SIM card registration policy to now include the National Identification Number (NIN) from the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC). A statement made available to Business Hilights weekend from the office of the Technical Assistant (Information Technology) to the Minister of Communications and Digital Economy,… February 10, 2020 In "News"