Nengi, a former Big Brother Naija housemate, has reacted to the decision by the Governor of Bayelsa State, Douye Diri’s to replace her with Ebizi Blessing Eradiri as the Face of Bayelsa Girl Child.  Governor Diri removed the Big Brother Naija star and replaced her with Eradiri, the first female First Class graduate from the Faculty of Law at the Niger Delta University, NDU. Eradiri also finished First Class from the Nigerian Law School. The decision of the Governor to pick Nengi for the position had met strong criticism on social media as many believed that the double First Class Law Graduate, not only made Bayelsans proud but also the entire Izon nation. And the Governor on Monday announced Eradiri as the New Face of Bayelsa Girl Child. Eradiri and her father were at the Government House, Yenagoa, where the Governor also, among other things, gave her automatic employment to lecture at the NDU’s Faculty of Law. Reacting to the development, Nengi tweeted, “Congratulations to Barr. Ebizi Eradiri. It’s amazing how you were able to pull that thru! “Special thanks to my Governor for also finding her worthy for the honour. It is without doubt that we will both work together to see how we can front for a better welfare for the Girl child.”  Ebizi Eradiri, the first female first-class graduate from the Faculty of Law of the state-owned Niger Delta University (NDU) has been honoured by Bayelsa State Governor Douye Diri on Monday. The Governor announced scholarship to Ebizi Eradiri for her master’s and doctorate degrees in any university in Nigeria or abroad.… January 12, 2021 In "Politics" The governor of Bayelsa state, Douye Diri has been called out by veteran musician, Charly Boy for ignoring a first class graduate and appointing an ex-BBNaija housemate, Rebecca Nengi Hampson as political aide. He said such an act is wrong and a true reflection of a misplaced priority. Nengi recently… November 17, 2020 In "Social Media Feeds" Rebecca “Nengi” Hampson, a Big Brother Naija housemate, has said she will not address anything that happened in the house when she comes out of the show. The Bayelsa-born former model revealed this on Wednesday during a conversation with Kiddwaya in the garden. According to her, she would not address… September 10, 2020 In "Entertainment"