Aides of President Donald Trump have begun clearing their desks at the White House ahead of Wednesday’s inauguration of President-elect Joe Biden. Already, 20,000 National Guard troops have descended upon Washington to protect the capital from pro-Trump protests expected in the coming days.  Some Trump’s aides were seen removing a bust of President Abraham Lincoln from the West Wing. Assistant to the president Peter Navarro was also seen carrying a framed photograph out of the White House on Wednesday, despite his insistence that Trump had won the election.  “The Democratic Party did violence to this country by attacking a president who I believe was legally elected on November 3,” Navarro said in an interview with Fox Business host Maria Bartiromo. While Trump himself has yet to acknowledge that Biden won the election, on Wednesday he called on his supporters to refrain from violence. The Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Department of Justice have issued alerts about armed protests by Trump supporters leading up to Biden’s inauguration on Jan. 20. The Pentagon will not host a farewell tribute to Trump, as is customary for an outgoing commander in chief, Defense One reported Thursday. The Nation Joe Biden said he expects the military to escort President Trump out of the White House should the incumbent lose the 2020 election and refuse to leave. The former vice president, who last week secured enough delegates to clinch the Democratic nomination, told The Daily Show host Trevor Noah late… June 11, 2020 In "Foreign" President Donald Trump appeared to excuse the violent occupation of the U.S. Capitol by his supporters Wednesday, hours after they stormed the symbol of American democracy in an effort to disrupt the formalization of his electoral defeat. Trump, who had encouraged his supporters to march on the Capitol to protest… January 7, 2021 In "News" WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump will try to put his bout with COVID-19 behind him when he returns to the campaign trail on Monday, beginning a three-week sprint to the Nov. 3 election with a rally in the vital battleground state of Florida. The event at an airport in… October 12, 2020 In "Foreign"