The Presidency has been advised against the planned arrest of Sunday Adeyemo also known as Sunday Igboho. The National President of Yoruba Youth Socio-Cultural Association, Olalekan Hammed, who said this in an interview with our correspondent said arresting Igboho will trigger a crisis in the area. He said Igboho offered to do what security agencies had not been able to do for the people, saying many indigenes of the land had been maimed and killed for so long by herdsmen.  According to him, arresting Igboho will make the people lose confidence in the Federal Government. He said, “Ibarapa youths may react violently if Sunday Igboho is arrested. They will also lose hope in both the federal and the state government. “Ibarapa and other communities across Yoruba land seriously need to be guaranteed safety. So, any attempt to arrest Igboho will make the people think the government wants the menace of bandits in their communities to continue.” He said the police should not arrest Igboho because he did not ask Fulani to leave Yorubaland but criminals. He added, “The President’s body language which is boosting criminal herders’ moral has already pushed the entire country in a state of anarchy.” Punch Violence erupted in Igangan in the Ibarapa North Local Government Area of Oyo State on Friday when a popular Yoruba activist, Chief Sunday Adeyemo, also known as Sunday Igboho, reportedly stormed the Fulani settlement in the town to eject the Seriki Fulani, Salihu Abdukadir, and some other herdsmen accused of… January 23, 2021 In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State has ordered the Police to arrest Sunday Igboho and others causing tension in the state. On Friday, Igboho went to Igangan to restate his ultimatum to Fulanis to leave. Igangan is a community in Ibarapa North Local Government Area. The… January 22, 2021 In "Top Stories" Human Rights writers Association of Nigeria (HURIWA) on Saturday accused the Inspector General of Police, (IGP) Mohammed Adamu of partiality and double standards by ordering the Oyo State Commissioner of Police, Mrs. Ngozi Onadeko to arrest the Yoruba Ethnic Rights Activist, Mr. Sunday Ighoho. But, HURIWA said IGP has refused… January 23, 2021 In "News"