Sonia Acevedo, 41, suffered a ‘sudden death’ at home on New Year’s Day 48 hours after receiving the jab. An autopsy is expected to take place later today or tomorrow.  The mother-of-two, who worked in paediatrics at the Portuguese Institute of Oncology in Porto, is not said to have suffered any adverse side-effects after being vaccinated. Ms Acevedo’s father Abilio Acevedo told Portuguese daily Correio da Manha: “She was okay. She hadn’t had any health problems.“She had the Covid-19 vaccine but she didn’t have any symptoms. I don’t know what happened. I just want answers. “I want to know what led to my daughter’s death.” Ms Acevedo’s employers confirmed the dead woman had been vaccinated against coronavirus on December 30 and said they had not been notified of any ‘undesirable effect’ when she was jabbed or in the hours afterwards. The Portuguese Institute of Oncology said in a statement: “With regards to the sudden death of an operational assistant from the Porto IPO on January 1, 2021, the Board of Directors confirms the event and expresses sincere regret to family and friends in the certainty that this loss is also felt here.” It added: “The explanation of the cause of death will follow the usual procedures in these circumstances.” (Dailymail UK) Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The man appointed interim president of Guinea-Bissau by the side beaten in the December presidential election has stepped down because of death threats, less than two days after being nominated. “Given the death threats against me and my bodyguards, I have decided to give up the… March 1, 2020 In "Top Stories" NEW YORK – Pregnant women in their third trimester can safely receive the whooping cough vaccine to prevent infections in newborns, a recent study from the UK suggests. Whooping cough, or pertussis, is a highly contagious disease. Its symptoms are initially mild but it can lead to serious and fatal… August 1, 2014 In "Health" Treatment of a common form of advanced lung cancer with Bristol-Myers Squibb Co's experimental immunotherapy nivolumab led to a one-year survival rate of 41 percent in a midstage clinical trial, according to data to be presented at a medical meeting, sending the drugmaker's shares up 8.8 percent. While the study,… October 31, 2014 In "Health"