A yet-to-be-identified woman on Saturday morning struck her husband to death with the heel of her shoe in Ugbuwangue community, Warri, Delta state. The deceased, identified as Etsebanghanro Ighomi, was a father of two children, information on his Facebook page, suggest. It was gathered that the incident happened at about 11 am, close to the community’s town hall. The deceased was reportedly a member of the Ugbuwangue community executive, also.  Details surrounding the incident were still sketchy as of the time of filing this report.  According to feelers, the couple had been quarreling over alleged infidelity on the part of the deceased. Sunday Nation learnt that the woman had approached the husband were he sat and struck him at the back of his head with a block-heeled shoe. The husband, spitting out saliva, reportedly fell on the ground immediately and died before he could be rushed to a hospital. A source who resides in the area said the woman is currently being held by the Police and confirmed the couple had at least one child together. When reached for comments, the spokesperson of the Delta State Police Command said the Police are awaiting an official complaint from the family. The Nation WARRI, Delta State - An angry husband has reportedly killed his mother-in-law, in Arubayi Street of Warri, Delta state (both yet-to-be identified). The incident was said to have occurred few hours after the shout of the New Year. It was gathered that the assailant later drank poison after committing the… January 2, 2020 In "Metro" In what will come across as a really shocking development, a man has shot his own brother-in-law dead in Delta.  One of the burnt buildings According to a report , the residents of the NDDC Road in Amukpe, Sapele Local Government Area of Delta State, are mourning the alleged killing of… August 5, 2019 In "Metro" The Police Command in Abia state has confirmed the death of a native doctor who reportedly committed suicide near his shrine located at the back of his house. According to Abia Police Commissioner, CP Ene Okon the deceased identified as Onyeonoziri Friday was said to have committed suicide in front… April 6, 2020 In "News"