The Lagos State Government has ordered all public and private schools in the state to reopen for the second term of 2020/21 academic session from Monday, January 18, 2021.  Commissioner for Education, Mrs Folasade Adefisayo, announced this on Monday in a statement by the Head, Public Affairs, Ministry of Education, Kayode Abayomi. In the statement titled, ‘All public and private schools in Lagos State to resume 18th January 2021’, schools were also asked to make virtual learning available. She said this was in line with the Federal Government’s directive coupled with the second wave of the COVID-19 Pandemic. “All public and private schools below the tertiary level in Lagos State should be reopened for the second term 2020/21 academic session from Monday, 18th of January, 2021. “Schools should have flexible plans where students and teachers who feel sick can teach or learn from home via available online platforms. Schools should also strive to avoid any COVID-19 infection among all students and staff,” the statement read in part. She also asked “all schools to make efforts to comply with all the outlined COVID-19 requirements for resumption of schools. “Not just for the improvement of overall school operations but for the safe reopening of academic activities to support the Lagos State Government’s quest for a full return.” The commissioner enjoined teachers, students, and visitors to wear facemasks at all times, observe physical distancing, embrace regular handwashing with soap under running water and maintain a high standard of personal hygiene within the school premises.  Source Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Public and private schools in Lagos state have been asked to vacate on Friday. The directive was given by the Lagos State Government. This was contained in a statement, on Thursday, titled LASG directs schools to vacate on Friday, December 18, 2020′. In the statement,… December 18, 2020 In "Top Stories" State governments on Sunday differed on the Federal Government’s directive that schools in the country should remain shut till January 18 as part of efforts to curb COVID-19 second wave. While states such as Kogi, Anambra, Plateau and Ekiti said their schools would resume on January 18, Rivers, Cross River,… January 4, 2021 In "News" The Education Quality Assurance (OEQA) unit of the Lagos State Ministry of Education has warned the public to disregard a resumption time table flying around the social media. The time-table claims to be the 2020/2021 academic calendar, states that the first term of the session would start September 21, 2020… August 31, 2020 In "News"