Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  Iran’s supreme leader’s office has posted a photomontage of former US president Donald Trump playing golf under the shadow of a warplane alongside a pledge to avenge a deadly 2020 drone strike he ordered. The post on Ayatollah Ali Khamenei’s @khamenei_site Twitter account late Thursday warned there was no escape from payback for the US strike outside Baghdad airport which killed Iran’s storied foreign operations chief General Qasem Soleimani and his Iraqi lieutenant. “Revenge is inevitable. Soleimani’s killer and the man who gave the orders must face vengeance,” it said. “Revenge can take place at any moment.” Trump left office on Wednesday and flew straight to his Mar-a-Lago golf club in Florida, without attending the inauguration of his successor President Joe Biden. Iranian officials have pledged repeatedly that Soleimani will be avenged. Earlier this month, on the first anniversary of his killing, judiciary chief Ebrahim Raisi warned that not even Trump was “immune from justice” and that Soleimani’s killers would “not be safe anywhere in the world”. Source •Donald Trump By Harrison Arubu New York - President Donald Trump on Friday said the United States killed top Iranian military commander Qasem Soleimani to stop a war. Addressing newsmen in Florida, Trump alleged that Soleimani was “plotting imminent and sinister attacks on American diplomats and military personnel, but we… January 4, 2020 In "Foreign" •Donald Trump Baghdad and Washington - U.S. President Donald Trump has threatened to hit 52 Iranian sites “very hard” if Iran attacks Americans or U.S. assets after a drone strike that killed Iranian military commander Qassem Soleimani and an Iraqi militia leader, as tens of thousands of people marched in… January 5, 2020 In "Foreign" Dubai - A stampede among mourners during the funeral ceremony for a slain Iranian commander in the southeastern city of Kerman killed 35 people and injured 48 on Tuesday, media reports. This is according to the Young Journalists Club website, which is affiliated to state television. Tens of thousands of… January 7, 2020 In "Foreign"