By Chibuike NwabukoAbuja (Sundiata Post) – President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan has congratulated Professor Maimuna Waziri on her appointment as the third Vice Chancellor of the Federal University, Gashua, Yobe State. Lawan in a statement he personally signed and made available to Sundiata Post on Sunday also congratulated the Governing Council of the University for arriving at the appointment without rancour under the guidance of due process and best university tradition. “With the appointment of Professor Waziri, the Governing Council has sustained the steady sail of Federal University, Gushau towards  becoming a true citadel of learning and research, Lawan said. According to the President of the Senate, Professor Waziri has served with merit in three universities, including the Federal University, Gashua where she was the Deputy Vice Chancellor until this new appointment. Stressing that her credentials thus amply recommend her for this appointment and underscore the popular expectation that she will discharge the onerous tasks of the office with distinction. “Professor Waziri’s attainments in academics and leadership are an inspiration to women in the North and other parts of Nigeria who have dreams of distinguishing themselves in their professions and of making remarkable contributions to national development.’ Lawan therefore, urged her to continue to be exemplary by bringing her vast administrative and academic experience to bear in working with the Management and Staff to take her University to higher academic rankings and wishing her a successful tenure.  ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The Federal Government has sacked all the vice chancellors of 12 federal universities that were established by the administration of ex-President Goodluck Jonathan. No reason was given for the action. Also affected by the sack is the Vice Chancellor of National Open University of Nigeria (NOUN), Prof.… February 13, 2016 In "Top Stories" Abuja - The Committee of Vice-Chancellors (CVC) has expressed concern over what it described as infringement by the Minister of Education, on the powers of governing councils of universities in recent appointment of vice-chancellors for 12 Federal Universities. CVC raised this concern in a statement made available to the News… February 16, 2016 In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - A civil society group, Education Awareness Support Organisation, has accused the Minister of Education, Mallam Adamu Adamu of systematically destroying the foundation of tertiary education in the country. Specifically, members of the group who are stakeholders in the country’s education sector accused the minister of arbitrarily… July 23, 2016 In "News"