doctor has dropped dead after taking Pfizer vaccine against coronavirus.  According to Dailymail, the tragic incident happened in the United States a little more than two weeks after he was vaccinated. Heidi Neckelmann, the widow of Dr. Gregory Michael, said her husband was vaccinated on 18 December and died 16 days later. He was 56 years old. “He was in very good health. He didn’t smoke; he drank alcohol once in a while but only socially. He worked out, we had kayaks, he was a deep sea fisherman,” she added. In addition, according to a recent health check, Gregory Michael was absolutely healthy. Three days after vaccination, small spots began to appear on Gregory Michael’s feet and hands. In response, he went to the emergency room at Mount Sinai. As his blood count was not in the normal ranges, he was admitted to the intensive care unit, according to Heidi Neckelmann. Unfortunately, he suffered a stroke and died. According to Darren Caprara, director of operations at the Miami-Dade medical examiner’s office, Gregory Michael’s death is the first that the medical examiner’s office has investigated where a COVID-19 vaccine could have played a role. Earlier, Carlos Palestino, the brother-in-law of Mexican doctor Karla Cecilia Perez, was paralysed hours after receiving the Pfizer/BioNTech COVID-19 vaccine, according to reports. There are currently two coronavirus vaccines which have been granted emergency use authorisation in the United States — Pfizer’s and the one developed by US pharmaceutical company Moderna, whose dosing regimen is also two full shots, one month apart. Source The United States hopes to begin a sweeping program of Covid vaccinations in early December, the head of the government coronavirus vaccine effort said Sunday as cases surge across the worst-hit nation. The beginning of vaccinations could be a crucial turning point in the battle against the virus that has… November 23, 2020 In "Foreign" A Nigerian doctor, Dr. Onyema Ogbuagbu, is at the centre of the Pfizer-led research, development and trials that have culminated in a breakthrough for COVID-19 vaccines. Pfizer, after the conclusion of its trials, recently announced that its COVID-19 vaccine was more than 90 per cent effective. A few days after,… November 22, 2020 In "Health" Dr Onyema Ogbuagu, a Nigerian doctor has been showered with encomium after helping in the development of a COVID-19 vaccine. He has been identified as a key figure in the research that led United States pharmaceutical company, Pfizer, to develop the first effective COVID-19 vaccine. Pfizer, after the conclusion of… November 24, 2020 In "Health"