Barely three weeks after the Speaker of the Delta State House of Assembly, Rt. Hon. Sheriff Oborevwori, survived Covid-19 disease, the Majority Leader of the Assembly, Hon. Tim Owhefere has been reported dead.  The fourth-time lawmaker who was representing Isoko North Constituency on the platform of PDP, was said to have died on Wednesday night at the Federal Medical Centre, Asaba as sources have linked the death to suspected Covid-19 complications. Although there is yet to be an official statement from the leadership of the House of Assembly or his family as at the time of this report, a post on the Facebook credited to his Media Assistant, Mr. Palmer Nathaniel Ogheneyole, eulogized the late lawmaker, describing him as a good man whose legacy will remain for ever in his memory. “Before us you stood gigantically tall. And in your absence your memories will forever illuminate. Your death marks the end of an era. Your death opens a new chapter.“ “You were a good man in every sense of the word. May St. Christopher whom you served in his knighthood join in the heavenly choir to receive your soul. Bye bye, Boss.” The New Diplomat gathered that he has been indisposed for about three weeks now and has been receiving treatment in the American Private hospital, Asaba from where he was transferred to the Federal Medical Centre, Asaba where he eventually gave up the ghost last night. Our source also revealed that the lawmaker has been on ventilator before he passed on at the medical facility. Asaba -Two members of Delta House of Assembly, have been suspended for alleged desecration of the hallow chamber. The members, who were suspended during plenary on Tuesday are: Mrs Pat Ajudua, Chief Whip and Mr Johnson Erijo, member representing Isoko South II constituency. The suspension of the two legislators followed… November 10, 2015 In "News" By Mercy Obojeghren Asaba - The Delta House of Assembly has urged Gov. Ifeanyi Okowa to direct security agencies to mount surveillance in Aniocha North Local Government area of the state and other areas under the siege of Fulani herdsmen. The call was contained in a resolution passed by the… March 10, 2020 In "Politics" By Mercy Obojeghren Asaba - Gov. Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta has nominated Cdr. Samuel Idah (rtd) for confirmation as Director-General of the State Traffic Management Agency (DETSMA). The nominee’s name was contained in a letter read by the Speaker of the state House of Assembly, Chief Sheriff Oborevwori, during plenary,… November 28, 2019 In "News"