Former Speaker of the Kaduna State House of Assembly, Dr. Aminu Shagali, has asked the Governor, Mallam Nasir El-Rufai, to broker peace between the senator representing Kaduna Central Senatorial District, Uba Sani, and incumbent Speaker, Yusuf Zailani.  The two are said to be in a supremacy battle over the control of the party in the Kaduna central senatorial district. The former Speaker asked the two chieftains of the All Progressives Congress in the state to sheathe their swords and allow peace to reign in the party. Shagali, who confirmed the crisis to newsmen at a press conference in Kaduna, insisted that there was no point to fight over who controls the party in the state. According to him, only the governor, Malam Nasir El-Rufai, who is the leader of the party in the state, has control over the party structure. He urged the governor to broker peace among the feuding members of the party ahead of the 2023 general elections. Shagali maintained that while the Senator operates from Abuja to ensure that his state and constituency benefited from the dividends of democracy, the Speaker should join hands with the governor to develop the state. He said, “I think looking at the scenario and what’s going on, the Senator is representing Kaduna Central Senatorial District while the Speaker is the Speaker of the Kaduna State House of Assembly. ‌“I think there is no need for them to quarrel on any issue because what the senator has done over the years right from the time he assumed office, I think its unprecedented. “The issue of taking over or control of the party is the sole responsibility of the governor of the state. “The governor remains the leader of the party in the state. So, nobody has power to control the party other than the governor. “Only the governor can control the party because he is our leader and for each and everyone of us, we must abide by his decision. “And for me, I think there is no reason why there will be quarrel and this cold war between them.” Source I am repeating this once again: Nigerians should pay attention to the bogus figures APC churned out from its primaries. They were a template for rigging in 2019. Don't be surprised when INEC starts allocating figures to them next year. How could a party that could not muster 300,000 votes… October 10, 2018 In "Social Media Feeds" The Kaduna State House of Assembly has rejected Aliyu Jafaaru Abubakar, one of the commissioners nominated by the State Governor, Mallam Nasir el-Rufai. Abubakar was said to have been rejected for criticising governor el-Rufai on social media. According to the Speaker, Aminu Abdullahi Shagali, who presided over the screening of… July 11, 2019 In "Politics" Kaduna (Sundiata Post) - The Kaduna state House of Assembly on Friday passed the religious preaching regulation bill. The executive bill which was proposed by the state governor, Nasir el-Rufai, in 2016, was passed, on Friday just before the eighth assembly was dissolved. The bill which the state assembly had… June 8, 2019 In "News"