The eighteen Kano Kantim Kwari traders abducted on their way to Aba in Abia State have regained their freedom.  Recall that the traders were kidnapped on Sunday, January 10, in Okene, Kogi State, on their way to Aba to buy textile materials President, Arewa Youth Traders Association of Nigeria, Alhaji Abubakar Babawo confirmed the release of the traders in a telephone interview with The PUNCH in Kano on Sunday. He said that the abducted traders were released by their kidnappers on Saturday evening. “The 18 Kano traders who were among the 27 traders regained their freedom on Saturday evening. They slept in Kaduna and they are now on their way to Kano. ‘’We are expecting them today in Kano as we have been communicating with them. ‌ “We communicated with some of them. All of them are released. They are fine and en route to Kano.” he said. Babawo who confirmed that ransom was paid however declined to state the amount paid to secure their release. “I cannot tell you the amount paid to secure their release but a ransom was paid before they were released,” he added. Source 18 Kano traders headed to Abia State to purchase goods have been abducted by bandits. DailyTrust reports that the traders who are all from the popular Kantin Kwari textile market, were en route their destination when the assailants attacked their vehicle and forcefully took them into the bush where they… January 14, 2021 In "News" Hauwa Kana Hauwa Kana, a Nigerian university student, who was abducted by kidnappers in Nasarawa, Local Government Area of Nasarawa State, has regained freedom after paying ransom. It was gathered that Kana, a 300 level Veterinary Medicine student of the Usman Danfodio University, Sokoto (UDUS) was kidnapped on Saturday, January… January 24, 2020 In "Metro" . . . Kidnapped wives of Nasarawa commissioner freed ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - A former foreign Affairs minister, Mr. Bagudu Hirse, was kidnapped in front of the Kaduna residence of Mamman Daura, President Muhammadu Buhari’s nephew, on Sunday. Hirse was said to have been accosted by the kidnappers who forced… November 20, 2016 In "Top Stories"