Nigerian playwright, poet and essayist in English language, Prof Wole Soyinka, has stated that he would rather not talk about the Buhari-led administration for the sake of his sanity.  Soyinka said this during a recent interview with Kaftan TV, the Nobel Laureate said he would not like to talk about Buhari’s government because he imagined the regime doesn’t exist. He, however, hailed the new Lagos-Abeokuta-Ibadan standard gauge train, describing it as marvellous and long overdue. When asked whether the new train was a plus to Buhari’s regime, he said, “I don’t want to talk about Muhammadu Buhari’s administration. I think it is best for my sanity just to avoid that overall question. I can take bits and pieces of Nigeria’s present predicament but I think for one’s sense of balance, one must forget the existence of the Buhari administration.” The playwright said for years Nigeria had seen the roads turn to a death trap while rail transport had been neglected. He said on two occasions he had spent over six hours on the road from Lagos to Abeokuta. Speaking highly of the new train, Soyinka said, “It is a work in progress but it is a very impressive work in progress considering the difficulty of really executing anything in this country… I think we are looking at a virtual transport revolution which is long overdue.” The Nobel laureate said the rail revival would not only change the people’s mentality but boost commerce. He recalled how as a young boy he rode on trains but at some point Nigeria abandoned the rail transport. “I have spent hours on the road between Lagos and Abeokuta. A few weeks ago at the launching of my novel in Abeokuta, I left Lagos…. The journey took about seven hours,” Soyinka said. The playwright said the traffic congestion had deteriorated to the extent that women now give birth in traffic and even name their children after the cars in which they give birth. He said the new train was marvellous and he was glad to ride in it. Soyinka added, “I had an engagement in Lagos which I nearly postponed because of the road but for some time I have been saying wait a minute, this thing (train) is supposed to be running and I checked the timetables and I said if I catch the train in Abeokuta I would be in Lagos in an hour and a half, I would be picked up, run around quickly, do my business and here I am. “I left Abeokuta this morning, I am going back to Abeokuta to eat my Ilafun (yam/cassava flour) and I am going to sleep in my bed this evening. It is marvellous. That is what one has been doing in Europe. Why has it taken so long for that to happen here? It is sad but at the same time, let’s be glad it is happening.” Source Lagos - Nobel Laureate, Prof. Wole Soyinka, on Saturday expressed confidence that President Muhammadu Buhari’s administration would fight corruption conclusively. Soyinka said this when the Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, visited him at his home in Lagos. He said that the level of exposure concerning corruption under… January 9, 2016 In "News" By Ignatious Okpanachi When Brian Froud, a British fantasy illustrator and Jessica Macbeth co-authored a strange work of fiction entitled ‘Faeries’ Oracle’, they knew they would ruffle many feathers in the literary world. This was because the book focused on magic, surrealism, divination, spiritism and extraordinary powers, in an era… December 11, 2015 In "Opinion" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Nobel laureate Professor Wole Soyinka has vowed not to vote for President Muhammadu Buhari and former vice-president Atiku Abubakar  in the forthcoming presidential election. President Buhari of the All Progressives Congress (APC) and Atiku Abubakar of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) are the two leading candidates. Soyinka spoke at an… January 31, 2019 In "Top Stories"