The Oyo State Security Network Agency known as Amotekun has said its officer, Ibrahim Ogundele, did not intentionally shoot a police constable, Fatai Yekini.  The Commandant of the Amotekun corps in Oyo State, Col. Olayinka Olayanju (retd), said this in a statement made available to our correspondent in Ibadan on Monday by the media officer of the security outfit, Mrs Ayolola Adedoja. Olayanju said Amotekun corps were invited by the police to join them in dismantling a carnival stage which the police had warned against. He said in the process, the Amotekun officer’s gun accidentally discharged itself and the bullet hit the policeman in the thigh. He said, “Amotekun operatives were invited by the police to join hands with them to dismantle a carnival stage. The carnival was held against the earlier warnings to the organisers by the police. “The carnival stage was dismantled unchallenged, but after this, the gun with Ogundele Ibrahim discharged accidentally and hit the community police officer in the thigh. The cause of this ( accidental discharge) has not been known. “Yekini Fatai was rushed to the General Hospital in Oyo town where he was treated and he has been discharged. “I want to state categorically here that there was no feud of any kind between Ogundele Ibrahim and Yekini Fatai to warrant shooting him.” He also confirmed that the Amotekun officer had been handed over to the police for proper investigation into the incident. Olayanju said Amotekun had come under unfair criticisms despite the contributions of the agency to make the state safe. Source Governor of Oyo State Governor, Seyi Makinde has urged the federal government to restructure the country. He made the speech on Tuesday as he said adequate security of lives and properties as well as restructuring, is what matters most to Nigerians and not who occupies the seat of the president.… December 16, 2020 In "Politics" •NBA wants operation manual published as SANs back govs•It’s a good move to protect their people, says IPOB•Northern youths kick, insist it’s military wing of OPC Tobi Soniyi in Lagos, David-Chyddy Eleke in Awka and Kemi Olaitan in Ibadan Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Following controversies that have greeted the setting… January 12, 2020 In "Top Stories" •Amotekun officers AKURE - The Ondo State Security Network Agency, also called Amotekun Corps is not relenting in flushing out criminals from the state, as its men have arrested one-armed herdsman and two cattle rustlers in some parts of the state. Addressing journalists on Wednesday at the headquarters of the… December 10, 2020 In "Top Stories"