Yemisi Edun has been named as the new Acting Managing Director of First City Monument Bank, FCMB.  This follows the suspension of embattled Adam Nuhu. Recall that Mr. Adam Nuru proceeded on voluntary leave to allow the bank board investigate the alleged sex scandal involving him and a former staff of the bank, Ms. Moyo Thomas. Nearly 2,000 persons had signed the petition calling on the Central Bank of Nigeria and FCMB to sack Nuru over alleged infidelity with a former employee of the bank Moyo Thomas. Yemisi Edun holds a Bachelor’s degree in Chemistry from the University of Ife, Ile-Ife, and a Master’s degree in International Accounting and Finance from the University of Liverpool, United Kingdom. She is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Nigeria and a CFA® Charter holder. She is also an Associate Member of the Chartered Institute of Stockbrokers; an Associate Member of the Institute of Taxation of Nigeria; a Member of Information Systems Audit and Control, U.S.A; and a Certified Information Systems Auditor. She began her career with Akintola Williams Deloitte (member firm of Deloitte Touché Tohmatsu) in 1987, with the main focus on Corporate Finance activities. She was also involved in the audit of Banks and Other Financial Institutions. She joined FCMB in the year 2000 as Divisional Head of Internal Audit and Control before assuming the role of Chief Financial Officer of the Bank and now as CEO. Source The Managing Director of the First City Monument Bank, Adam Nuru has been dragged mercilessly by Nigerians after he was accused of sleeping with and impregnating another man's wife who worked at the bank. The woman has since been identified as Moyo Thomas. Nigerians who took to social media described… January 3, 2021 In "Social Media Feeds" The Managing Director, First City Monument Bank Limited, Adam Nuru, has volunteered to go on leave to enable the bank to investigate the paternity allegations against him. This was disclosed in a statement by the bank on Tuesday. The statement read, “We are aware of several stories circulating across several… January 6, 2021 In "Business" At least 1,927 persons have called for the sacking of the First City Monument Bank Managing Director, Adam Nuru, over alleged infidelity with a former worker with the bank, Moyo Thomas. The petition is requesting the Central Bank of Nigeria and the FCMB board to dismiss Nuru on ethical grounds.… January 3, 2021 In "Business"