A Nigerian footballer, Sunday Chinedu has gone missing.  His club, Kano Pillars FC put up a message declaring him missing from the club for the past two weeks now. Chairman of the club, Alhaji Surajo Shaaibu Yahaya Jambul said Sunday Chinedu was missing in the club camp for the past two weeks without any reason. According to the chairman, Sunday Chinedu was permitted by the technical adviser of the club, Emmanuel Lionel Soccoia to see his family for medical reason on 28th December, 2020 for four days and he was given leave after the Sai Masu Gida’s Match Day One away to Adamawa Utd at the Pantami stadium. Alhaji Surajo Shaaibu said since then, nobody know the whereabout of the player and has never communicated to anybody at the club. The club has now given him between now to the next three days to report back to the camp, failure to do so will attract stiffer punishment from the part of the club. Alhaji Surajo said the club will not allow any act of indiscipline from any player and would do anything possible to deal with such behavior. ‘The management of the club is doing its very best in protecting the interest and welfare of the players and will not accept any move from any quarter to sabotage our efforts’, Jambul explained. He warned all the players in the club to remain focus on the task ahead of them and assured that the management would continue doing its possible best in moving the club forward. Source By Olanrewaju Akojede   Lagos,    -       Top Nigeria Professional Football League (NPFL) side, Kano Pillars FC, on Wednesday announced the appointment of former Flying Eagles coach, Kabiru Baleria, as the interim head coach of the club. Kano Pillars FC, runners up in the 2018 AITEO Cup, said that Baleria’s appointment… November 8, 2018 In "Sports" ABUJA - Coach Peter Ahmedu of Mark Mentors Basketball Club of Abuja said on Wednesday that the team was in a high spirit for the Men’s African Club Basketball Championship in Tunisia. Ahmedu told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja that they were just putting finishing touches to… December 3, 2014 In "Sports" Ilorin - The Technical Adviser of Kwara United Football Club of Ilorin, Tunde Abdulrahman, on Wednesday extolled the performance of centre referee Patrick Nworie from Enugu State during their match. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Nworie was in charge of the Match Day 27 tie between Kano… September 3, 2015 In "Sports"