A list of 62 prominent Nigerians who are responsible for the problem of the country have been listed by Nnamdi Kanu, the leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra.  He made the claim in a post on his Facebook page. “Let us not forget former US President Barrack Obama and former UK Prime Minister David Cameron and all members of the Redeemed Christian Church of God,” Kanu’s Facebook post read. According to him, those people take the full responsibility of what Nigeria has turned into today, owing to the roles they played in kicking out former President Goodluck Jonathan and installing President Muhammadu Buhari in 2015. Top on Kanu’s 62-man list are: Former Minister of Education, Dr. Oby Ezekwesili; former Vice President, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar; Publisher of SaharaReporters, Omoyele Sowore; Rev. Father Ejike Mbaka of the Adoration Ministries, Enugu, and former President Olusegun Obasanjo. The IPOB leader said that those whose villages, cities, or town are currently under siege by Fulani herdsmen should hold these people responsible. His list also has the likes of Fela Durotoye, Donald Duke, Professor Charles Soludo, Pastor Tunde Bakare, Pastor Sunday Adelaja, Professor Yemi Osibanjo, Professor Tam David West, Professor Wole Soyinka, Rev. Chris Okotie, Professor Pat Utomi and Nasir El-Rufai. Others in his list include, Dino Melaye, former Senator, Lai Mohammed, Rochas Okorocha, Rotimi Amaechi, Adams Oshiomhole, Dr. Bukola Saraki, Aminu Tambuwal, Bola Ahmed Tinubu, Raji Fashola, Dr. Chris Ngige, Rabiu Kwankwaso, Ibikunle Amosun, Rauf Aregbesola, Kayode Fayemi, Sanusi Lamido, Deacon Femi Adesina, Pastor E.A Adeboye, Pastor W.F Kumuyi, Dr. Ogbonnaya Onu, Kenny Ogungbe, Dato Adeneye, Magnus Abbey, and former Rivers State governorship aspirant, Dakuku Peterside. Also in the list are Nigerian musician, 9ice, Kenny St. Ogungbe Brown, Tunde Disu, John Momoh, Maupe Ogun, Chamberlain Usoh, Suleiman Aleide, Monday Onyekachi Ubani, Iffy Ubani, Labourous Osuoma, Citizen Useni Jones (Radio continental 102.3FM), Joe Igbokwe, Dele Momodu, Abike Dabiri, Professor Attahiru Muhammadu Jega, Muazu, Emeka Ojukwu Jnr., Timpre Silva etc., Victor Umeh, Wasiu Ayinde (Kwam 1), T.Y Danjuma, Lauretta Onochie and actor, Jide Kosoko. Continuing, Kanu said, “These people went to school [they claim they are educated], many if them are professors. Some claimed to have direct access to God. Some are gifted with ‘prophesies.’ “They read history. They understood international relations. They understood how societies work or so we thought. “They were more than 20 years old in 1983 when Buhari shot himself to power. They saw Buhari destroy the economy in 1983. They saw the role Buhari played in Abacha’s government. “They read all the threats of violence by Buhari against the nation. They saw Buhari harass Lam Adesina the Oyo State Governor due to Fulani herdsmen conflicts with locals in Oyo State. “They saw Buhari lead the sharia protest that claimed the lives of innocent Nigerians in 2001. “They saw Buhari and his minions open the gate of hell on innocent Nigerians when he lost the presidential election in 2011. “If Buhari was not speaking and defending his Fulani heritage he would be fighting to defend his religious heritage. Source Former Kaduna Central Senator, Shehu Sani, has spoken to the federal government to treat all Nigerians with fairness irrespective of tribe, as he says that is the only way to defeat supporters of IPOB leader, Nnamdi Kanu. This comes as IPOB led by Nnamdi Kanu has been at the forefront… June 10, 2020 In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - Chief Femi Fani-Kayode, former Minister of Aviation, has said the Nigerian Army has invaded the house of Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), in Afara-Ukwu, Umuahia. In a tweet he released on Sunday using his Twitter handle @realFFK, the former Minister… October 8, 2017 In "Top Stories" By Teddy Nwanunobi Abuja (Sundiata Post) — Leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Nnamdi Kanu, was, on Tuesday, granted bail on health reasons in an Abuja Federal High Court 4 presided over by Justice Binta Nyako. Nyako, however, denied bail to three other pro-Biafra agitators, Chidiebere Onwudiwe, Benjamin Madubugwu… April 25, 2017 In "Top Stories"