Twenty-six youths from Takum local government area of Taraba state were on Wednesday abducted by gunmen along Wukari-Takum road.  A source in Takum told The Nation the youths who were between 18 and 22 were returning from a wedding programme in Wukari in a Toyota Hummer bus at about 8.30am when they ran into a group of gunmen between Chechenji and Kofai Ahmadu villages. It was gathered the gunmen hijacked the vehicle they were travelling with and drove the 26 passengers, including the driver of the bus to an unknown destination. The Nation further gathered the gunmen drove from Kofai Ahmadu village in Taraba and headed for Benue axis. According to sources, all accusing fingers are being pointed at the notorious Ghana boys said to have been flushed out of Benue due to activities of operation Whirl- Stroke going on in Benue State. When contacted, Taraba spokesman, DSP David Misal, confirmed the incident. He said the police received a report that the 26 persons were missing. He said the police was yet to establish whether it was a case of kidnap, adding that the police have commenced investigation into the matter. The PPRO further disclosed there was no communication between the criminals and either the relations of the victims or the police since their disappearance on Wednesday morning.  Source An army officer was abducted with his wife and two children along Wukari-Ibbi road on Sunday. It was gathered that the officer in civil dress was traveling in his personal car with his wife and two children when he was abducted by unknown Gunmen at Ibiwa village in Ibi Local… April 28, 2019 In "News" There was jubilation in the southern part of Taraba state on Wednesday following the news of the killing of the Benue most wanted warlord, Terwase Kwaza alias Gana by soldiers. Youths, women, and the elders took to the streets of Takum, Wukari, and Donga local government areas dancing and singing… September 9, 2020 In "News" No fewer than two persons were killed and several houses burnt when gunmen suspected to be Jukun militia attacked Ibua village along Wukari-Ibi Road in Ibi Local Government Area on Thursday night. Residents, who spoke to our correspondent, said the attackers invaded the village about 7:30pm, killing two persons and… February 7, 2020 In "News"