Nnamdi Kanu has stated that the idea that Nigeria is one is a deceit perpetuated by the ruling class.  The leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, spoke on Thursday while speaking at the ‘2nd Never Again Conference: 51 Years After Nigerian-Biafra Civil War’ organised by an Igbo think-tank, Nzuko Ummuna. The IPOB leader insisted on the secession of Biafra, adding that the entity called Nigeria has failed. Kanu said the 1966 war was not an Igbo war but a revolution from conscious members of the society. He noted that only the South can carry out a revolution because of the way the North is structured. Kanu blamed the structural problems of the country on the founding fathers of Nigeria who according to him, failed to interrogate the amalgamation of the Southern and Northern protectorates at the onset. He said there cannot be oneness in Nigeria when cattle-herders slaughter people all over the country, yet the Federal Government has not designated Miyetti Allah as a terror group. Kanu said, “We are in a country where the Fulani massacre people on a daily basis. They were called terrorists and later insurgents and now they are called bandits. But these are Fulani herders killing people. Nobody has ever designated Miyetti Allah as a terrorist group. “We live in these lies and deceit and some people have the guts to say, ‘One Nigeria’. Nigeria that came into existence only 60 years ago. How about the ethnic nationalities that existed before Britain was formed? “Nobody has the guts to interrogate the formation called Nigeria. How then do you want the country to move forward? How do you expect healing and reconciliation? How is that possible? You and I know that that is not going to be possible.” Source ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has raised an alarm over the recent call by former President Olusegun Obasanjo that the leader of IPOB, Nnamdi Kanu, must be stopped at all costs if Nigeria was to avert a war. In a statement issued on Thursday and… July 6, 2017 In "Top Stories" By Teddy Nwanunobi Abuja (Sundiata Post) — Leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Nnamdi Kanu, was, on Tuesday, granted bail on health reasons in an Abuja Federal High Court 4 presided over by Justice Binta Nyako. Nyako, however, denied bail to three other pro-Biafra agitators, Chidiebere Onwudiwe, Benjamin Madubugwu… April 25, 2017 In "Top Stories" The federal government has been called out for trying to create disunity among Ndigbo. According to the Indigenous People of Biafra, the federal government created a fake Igbo group and used it to call for the repatriation of its leader, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu. Recall that there were reports that an… January 11, 2021 In "News"