BEIRUT, (Sundiata Post) – Interpol has issued red notices for the captain and owner of the ship that carried the chemicals which devastated Beirut in an explosion in August, killing 200 people, Lebanon’s state media said. Five months since one of the biggest non-nuclear blasts on record, big questions remain about the ammonium nitrate that detonated after being stored at the port for years. The Interpol notices, which are not international arrest warrants, ask authorities worldwide to provisionally detain people pending possible extradition or other legal actions. Interpol issues them at the request of a member country. State news agency NNA said on Tuesday that Interpol also issued a notice for a Portuguese trader who examined the cargo at Beirut port in 2014, without giving a name or futher details. The Interpol global police coordination agency says it does not confirm or deny red notices that are not publicly available on its website. An Interpol spokesperson said if there was a notice and it was not published online, that meant it was for law enforcement only. Lebanese officials have faced accusations of negligence, with some port and customs employees detained in connection to the blast, which injured thousands of people. Families of the victims are still waiting for results of the investigation. Lebanon’s public prosecution asked Interpol in October to issue arrest warrants for two people it had identified as the Russian captain and owner of the Rhosus ship which arrived in Beirut in 2013, security and judicial sources said. Their names did not appear on the public list of Red Notices on Interpol’s website on Wednesday. Boris Prokoshev, the captain at the time, has said the chemicals ended up in Beirut after the ship’s owner told him to divert to pick up extra cargo, and that Lebanese.(Reuters) Moscow - Saudi King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud has ordered emergency assistance to be sent to Beirut in solidarity with the Lebanese nation.The assistance is to help the latter cope with the consequences of Tuesday’s powerful explosion in the port capital city’s port, state news agency SPA reported.Along with… August 6, 2020 In "Foreign" Abuja （Sundiata Post）- The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission has not applied to the International Police for the arrest of fleeing former Chairman of the Presidential Task Team on Pension Reform, Abdulrasheed Maina. It was gathered on Saturday in Abuja that the anti-graft commission had not made a formal request… November 26, 2017 In "Top Stories" Over 100 people have died and more than 4,000 injured in the graphic blast that occurred in Lebanon yesterday. It has been claimed that the huge explosion in Beirut, Lebanon was caused by a welder at work. Close to where the welder was working, there was "highly explosive sodium nitrate"… August 5, 2020 In "Foreign"