The personal doctor of Pope Francis, Fabrizio Soccorsi, is dead.  The medical personnel reportedly died from health complications related to coronavirus, according to the Vatican. The 78-year-old physician, who was being treated for an “oncological pathology,” died at Rome’s Gemelli Hospital, according to Vatican newspaper L’Osservatore Romano. Pope Francis named Soccorsi his personal physician in August 2015, after not renewing the term of papal doctor Patrizio Polisca, who was also head of the Vatican’s healthcare services. Since the pontificate of St. Pope John Paul II, the two positions had been tied together, but Pope Francis diverged from this custom by choosing Soccorsi, a doctor from outside the Vatican. As Francis’ personal physician, Soccorsi traveled with the pope on his international trips. During his visit to Fatima, Portugal in May 2017, Pope Francis laid two bunches of white roses before the statue of the Virgin Mary for Soccorsi’s daughter, who was critically ill, and died the following month. Soccorsi trained in medicine and surgery at Rome’s La Sapienza University. His career included both medical practice and teaching, especially in the areas of hepatology, the digestive system, and immunology. The doctor also did consulting for the health and hygiene office of the Vatican City State and was part of the council of medical experts at the Congregation for the Causes of the Saints. Source •This photo taken and handout by the Vatican Media on April 11, 2020 shows Pope Francis holding the Holy Book of Prayers during Easter’s Holy Saturday Vigil held behind closed doors at St. Peter’s Basilica in the Vatican on April 11, 2020 during the lockdown aimed at curbing the spread… April 12, 2020 In "Foreign" By David Willey Exactly 17 months after his election in Rome as leader of the world's 1.2 billion Catholics, Pope Francis is shifting gear and turning his attention to Asia. This week, he begins the first of three - and perhaps four - long-distance trips to encourage his flock in… August 13, 2014 In "Foreign" Vatican -  Pope Francis on Tuesday in Vatican City, expressed his ``deepest sympathy’’ to those affected by the deadly terrorist bombings in Brussels. His Holiness Pope Francis entrusts to God's mercy those who died and he prays for those who have lost relatives,’’ a statement says. A series of terrorist… March 22, 2016 In "Foreign"