ABUJA – President Muhammadu Buhari has accepted the immediate resignation of the Service Chiefs, and their retirement from service. Those involved are the Chief of Defence Staff, General Abayomi Olonisakin; Chief of Army Staff, Lt-Gen. Tukur Buratai; Chief of Naval Staff, Vice Admiral Ibok Ekwe Ibas; and Chief of Air Staff, Air Marshal Sadique Abubakar. President Buhari thanks the outgoing Service Chiefs for what he calls their “overwhelming achievements in our efforts at bringing enduring peace to our dear country,” wishing them well in their future endeavours. The new Service Chiefs are: Major-General Leo Irabor, Chief of Defence Staff; Major-General I. Attahiru, Chief of Army Staff; Rear Admiral A.Z Gambo, Chief of Naval Staff; and Air-Vice Marshal I.O Amao, Chief of Air Staff. The President congratulates the new Service Chiefs, and urges them to be loyal and dedicated in the discharge of their responsibilities. Femi AdesinaSpecial Adviser to the President(Media and Publicity)January 26, 2021 By Our Reporter With the retirement and removal of the service chiefs and national security adviser President Muhammadu Buhari inherited from former President Goodluck, Nigeria now has a new security team. The removed service chiefs are the Chief of Defence Staff, Air Chief Marshal Alex Badeh, Chief of Army Staff,… July 13, 2015 In "News" President Muhammadu Buhari has appointed new service chiefs and a new National Security Adviser, The Will reports. They are: 1. Major-General Abayomi Gabriel Olonishakin – Chief of Defence Staff; 2. Major-General T.Y. Buratai – Chief of Army Staff 3. Rear Admiral Ibok-Ete Ekwe Ibas – Chief of Naval Staff 4.… July 13, 2015 In "News" By Our Reporter ABUJA - President Muhammadu Buhari has retired Nigeria's service chiefs. Those affected are Chief of Army Staff, Lt. General Kenneth Minimah; Chief of Air Staff, Vice Marshall Adesola Amosu; Chief of Naval Staff, Rear admiral Usman Jibrin, and Chief of Defence Staff, Air Marshal Alex Badeh. The… July 13, 2015 In "News"