A former Big Brother Naija housemate has pledged to fulfill one dream this year.  Diane Russet said she must buy herself a house this year. According to the reality star, she does not know how but she knows she is buying a house this year 2021. Taking to twitter to make this know, the brand-influencer wrote; “Buying my house this year. Don’t know how that’s gonna happen but….yap, doing that so help me God. What he said God I don’t know how, but I will buy my house this year 2021 So help me God” See how some of her fans reacted to this; @VictorO68033706 wrote “Diane you have a house already joor or are you looking to buying another one @Beautif29135826 wrote “You go buy abi you done already buy. Keep moving secretly, supper proud of you” @Nomsa_mthethwa7 wrote “Diane from your mouth to God’s ears my love Folded handsFolded handsFolded hands and I’m planning housewarming” @Fareehat11 wrote “Dee love, I can remember last year you said you will buy ur house this year February, I pray God provide and help u acquire it by February,your testimony will make us enjoy Recordi better.Say Ameen” @simply_amalove wrote “My mind is telling me u don buy house.. e remain make u park in” Big Brother Naija house was heated up on Saturday night after a minor disagreement between Mercy and Gedoni resulted in the smashing of Big Brother’s mobile phone. Two phones have been made available to #bbnaiaja housemates for contestants to take interesting pictures and make memorable videos of themselves. But things… July 28, 2019 In "Entertainment" Ex-Big Brother Naija housemate, Elozonam has revealed why his relationship with fellow housemate, Diane crashed. Speaking on Wednesday’s episode of the Big Brother pepper dem reunion show, the actor told the host, Ebuka Uchendu that he ended the relationship because Diane was disrespectful. Elozonam said although they had decided to… July 1, 2020 In "Entertainment" In a recent interview with NAIJ, former BBNaija contestant, Bisola Aiyeola, spoke about life after the show, how she wants to keep working to maintain her fame, her life before BBNaija and why she could not attend university. . Her words: "Looking back at Big Brother Naija… I wanted that… June 20, 2017 In "Entertainment"