President Muhammadu Buhari has been ridiculed on social media after pigeons refused to fly during the armed forces remembrance on Friday.  President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan and Speaker of the House of Representatives, Femi Gbajabiamila who graced the event had laid wreaths during the Armed Forces Remembrance Day celebration on Friday in Abuja. However, when Buhari was called to release the birds, they refused to fly after several trials. One of the pigeons used in the commemoration of the Armed Forces Remembrance Day when picked up by Buhari and thrown into the air flew back into the cage.9 Reacting, some Nigerians said the refusal to fly was a ‘sign that there is no peace in the country. Here are some comments DAILY POST gathered. @IsimonB, “There’s no peace in Nigeria. There’s no progress being made. And there’s no harmony among us. So the pigeons refused to fly. Unbothered and unhinged, Buhari didn’t hesitate to leave the birds. Like he does with Nigeria and Nigerians.” @Vogunsi, “ I once said that the gods are angry with this administration. You can see the signs already with the pigeons.” @Morris Monye, “I guarantee you. If it was possible, the DSS would arrest the pigeons for such an affront on the President. But really, is there peace, harmony and security in the land?” @Lucasscot101, “If the pigeons had flown from his hands, this government would have named it as one of their achievement.“ @Duruchubuzor, “Today una go lay wreath down, tomorrow una go use una hand lay innocent lives to waste. The pigeons developed stroke and refused to fly in the same country. God is still saying something.” @Saintnicholas, “Shout out to the pigeon that refused to fly, you are a true Nigerian. Our president needs to know things are not okay” @Oldcovenant, “Bad omen!!! It’s unheard of that a pigeon inside a cage refused to fly even when the cage was open.Or maybe, they are afraid of kidnappers.” @dondekojo, “The pigeons said there’s no peace I believe them.” @Oloye, “Pigeons always fly. If they don’t, something is really wrong. And something is really wrong. A lot of things are really wrong.” @Alphabigforreal, “There is a lesson behind this, as pigeon is set free from captive and refused to flee. To me, what it connotes is that it enjoys feeding while in captive or bandage, and what will it be eating if it sets free?Exactly the same situation Nigerians are today with present govt.” See video below: By Ismaila Chafe   Abuja   -      President Muhammadu Buhari on Tuesday led Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, the leadership of the National Assembly, and the Judiciary to lay wreath at the National Memorial Arcade in Abuja. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the event marked the climax of the… January 15, 2019 In "News" Abuja  -  President Muhammadu Buhari on Monday launched the 2016 Emblem for the 2016 Armed Forces Remembrance Day with an announcement of a N10 million Federal Government donation to the Nigerian Legion. Inaugurating the emblem in Abuja, Buhari urged all well-meaning Nigerians and corporate organisations to buy and wear the… November 16, 2015 In "News" By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari on Wednesday in Abuja presided over the wreath laying at the National Memorial Arcade to mark the end of the 2020 Armed Forces Remembrance Day Celebration (AFRDC). News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the president, who arrived the venue of the… January 15, 2020 In "News"