ABUJA – At the end of a review meeting on 18th January 2021, the Technical Implementation Committee under the Ministerial Task Force has reported significant progress in the ongoing NIN-SIM linkage exercise. So far, a total of 47.8 million NINs have been collected by the mobile operators. At an average of three to four SIMs per subscriber, this means many millions will be linked up before the deadline in February 2021. Reacting to the report, the Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr. Isa Ali Ibrahim Pantami, expressed satisfaction with this commendable achievement. He expressed the Federal Government’s appreciation for the commitment demonstrated by all stakeholders and citizens and urged them to submit their NINs before 9th February, 2021 deadline. The minister urged the technical team to fast-track the processes so that the project is delivered soonest. The Technical Committee drew attention to the App developed by Federal Government which allows subscribers to link up to a maximum of seven (7) SIMs to their NIN. The minister concluded by reminding Nigerians to secure and protect their NINs, urging subscribers to desist from selling their NINs or allowing others to use their NINs for registration. “For any action committed with the SIM, good or bad, it will be officially traced and attached to the NIN owner,” the minister warned. Mobile network operators in Nigeria including Airtel and MTN have dismissed claims by subscribers that their SIM cards are being blocked before the deadline set for the linkage with the National Identity Number. The Federal Government through the Nigerian Communication Commission had ordered telecommunications companies to deactivate telephone lines of… January 15, 2021 In "Features" It was also gathered that so far the NIMC had been able to provide about 45 million NINs, as it was able to register about two million people in the last one month after the Federal Government ordered citizens to register their SIMs with valid NINs. Sources at the commission… January 19, 2021 In "Technology" The Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy jolted GSM subscribers back to reality when it ordered Mobile Network Operators (MNOs) to block all Subscriber Identification Modules (SIM) cards without valid National Identification Numbers (NIN) after December 30, 2020. Issuing the directive, the Communication and Digital Economy minister, Dr. Isa… January 8, 2021 In "Opinion"