The River Basin Development Authorities has two new Managing Directors after their appointment was approved by President Muhammadu Buhari.  Buhari also extended the tenure of seven other Managing Directors of the River Basin Development Authorities. This was contained in a statement by the Director, Press and Public Relations in the Ministry of Water Resources, Mrs Kenechukwu Offie. The statement said the appointments took effect from Jan. 5. Prof. Abdulkarim Muhammad, Upper Niger River Basin Development Authority; Dr Adeniyi Aremu, Lower Niger River Basin Development Authority, Ilorin; Saliu Ahmed, Managing Director, Benin-Owena River Basin Development Authority; Muhammad Adra, Managing Director, Lower Benue River Basin Development Authority, Makurdi, were among those whose appointment were renewed. Others are Mr Olufemi Odumosu, Ogun- Osun River Basin Development Authority, Mr Bassey Nkposong, Cross River Basin Development Authority, and Bature Mohammed, Managing Director, Sokoto Rima River Basin Development Authority, Sokoto. Those newly appointed by the President are Ma’amun Da’u Aliyu, Managing Director, Hadejia Jama’are River Basin Development Authority and Mark Darefaka, Managing Director, Niger Delta Basin Development Authority. The President also approved the appointment of Mr Aminu Abba as Executive Director, Agricultural Services, Hadejia Jama’are River Basin Development Authority, Kano. Source By Temitope Ponle Abuja - The House of Representatives has threatened to issue a warrant of arrest to the management of the Niger Delta Basin Development Authority (NDBDA) over its failure to submit its audited Accounts to the Auditor-General of the Federation. Chairman, Committee on Public Accounts, Rep. Wole Oke… February 24, 2020 In "Politics" By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari on Saturday in Abuja said his administration was committed to the revival of Lake Chad and improvement of the hydrology and ecology basin. Buhari made this known in a nationwide broadcast to mark Nigeria’s 56th Independence Anniversary. According to him, this is… October 1, 2016 In "News" Niger Delta Basin Development Authority Inaugurates New Editorial Board May 5, 2017 In "News"