Universities in Nigeria have been told to resume academic activities on the 18th of January. The directive was issued by the National Universities Commission (NUC) directing vice-chancellors of universities to commence academic activities on January 18, in accordance with the directive of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) team on Covid-19. Universities in Nigeria have been closed since following a strike action by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) as well as the Coronavirus pandemic. ASUU suspended its 9-month old strike on December 23, 2020 after the federal government met their demands, including paying the lecturers their outstanding salaries using an older payment platform, GIFMIS, different from the controversial IPPIS. The NUC says following the approval given by the Presidential Task Force on COVID19, universities can now resume academic activities. In a statement released, the deputy executive secretary (Administration) of the NUC, Chris Maiyaki, mandated officers on Grade Level 12 and below to remain at home for a period of five weeks as earlier directed by the federal government. He urged university authorities to safeguard lives by strictly adhering to the extant safety protocols and the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) guidelines, which have been communicated severally to the Nigerian University System through NUC’s circulars. “I am to add that universities on resumption of academic activities, must under no circumstance violate the full cycle of the semester system, consistent with the Benchmark Minimum Academic Standards (BMAS) approved by the NUC, as well as other extant quality assurance standards and guidelines,” the statement added.. n A breakaway faction of the Academic Staff of Universities (ASUU), identified as Congress of Universities Academic (CONUA), at the weekend, urged Vice Chancellors of various public universities in the country to immediately recall students back to campus for academic activities, saying CONUA members across the nation are not on strike.… November 9, 2020 In "News" The Federal Government of Nigeria, FG-ASUU Agreement of 2009 after the prolonged strike has been detailed in this post for the purpose of people who have questions about it. With the resumption of a fresh strike by ASUU in August of 2017, it is important to revisit the agreement made… August 18, 2017 In "Education" By Rukayat Adeyemi Lagos - Dr Tony Dansu, Secretary, Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU), Lagos State University (LASU) Chapter, says lecturers of the institution will resume work on Monday. Dansu in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Friday in Lagos said the development was as… February 8, 2019 In "News"