 PTF Coordinator, Dr Sani Aliyu speaks during a briefing in Abuja.  The Federal Government has said there will be repercussions for Very Important Personalities (VIPs) and government officials who flout travel protocols. In a video posted by the Ministry of Information and Culture on Wednesday via Twitter, the National Coordinator of the Presidential Task Force on Covid-19, Dr Sani Aliyu, vowed to clamp down on officials for failing to obey travel protocols including undergoing compulsory COVID-19 tests after returning into the country. “We want to change people’s behaviour. We’ve shown that we are going to do it. We have done it and we will continue to do it every week until things change. It is not like we want to punish people but if you continue to put our country at risk, we will take action,” he said. “Next week, we will publish another 100, subsequent weeks, we will continue to publish until we see an improvement in terms of the compliance. So, whether you are a VIP, whether you are a government official, whether you are in a leadership position, if you do not follow the travel protocols, there will be repercussions. “We do not publish names because the essence of doing the entire exercise is to force people to comply with our protocols.” Sani’s remarks comes four days after the Federal Government released the passport numbers of 100 travellers who failed to undergo COVID-19 tests after returning into the country. It placed a travel restriction on the passport holders for six months from January 1, 2021, to June 30, 2021. Watch #PTFCOVID19 National Coordinator, @DrSaniAliyu explain #COVID19 protocol enforcement.#TakeResponsibility @DigiCommsNG @NigeriaGov pic.twitter.com/2PTSpVJiMt The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 has revealed it has started reviewing the guidelines for lifting of the ban on interstate travels. The revelation was made on Monday. Speaking at the daily press briefing of the PTF in Abuja, the National Coordinator of the task force, Dr Sani Aliyu, said… June 24, 2020 In "News" The Federal Government has extended the phase two of the ease of lockdown in the country by another one week. Mr Boss Mustapha, the Chairman of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, announced this on Monday. He made the announcement at the briefing of the PTF which held in… July 27, 2020 In "News" ABUJA (SundiataPost) - Nigeria has reduced the nationwide curfew imposes to curb the COVID-19 pandemic to commence from 10pm and end at 4am. It was previously 8pm to 5am. The National Coordinator of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 (PTF), Dr Sani Aliyu, announced this on Monday at the daily… June 1, 2020 In "News"