Both Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo have been voted into UEFA’s Men’s Team of the Year for 2020.  Ronaldo may have won Serie A again with Juventus, but on the European front he and the Bianconeri as a whole struggled, as they were eliminated at the last-16 stage by Lyon. Messi did do slightly better with Barcelona, reaching quarter-final, but at that stage they were destroyed 8-2 by Bayern, which actually led to the Argentine asking to leave the club. In domestic action, Barca surrendered La Liga to Real Madrid in a 2019/20 season which was their first in 12 years without any silverware won. Still, both players were voted in by the public in a front four which includes Robert Lewandowski. The Pole has already won the FIFA Men’s Player of the Year Award and the UEFA Men’s Player of the Year Award for 2020 following his treble-winning season with Bayern in which he scored a ludicrous 55 goals in all competitions.  The other player in the front four is Neymar, who helped PSG to the Ligue 1 title as well as the club’s first ever Champions League final when they were defeated by Bayern. Thiago, now at Liverpool, starred for Bayern in the second half of the 2019/20 season, and makes up the midfield two alongside Man City’s Kevin De Bruyne. Virgil van Dijk, despite having missed near enough the entire 2020/21 season so far, makes the 2020 Team of the Year. Sergio Ramos, Alphonso Davies, and Joshua Kimmich have also been voted in while Manuel Neuer completed the Bayern contingent. Source The 10-man shortlist has been reduced to three, with the Ballon d'Or holder set to battle it out with Bayern Munich duo Arjen Robben and Manuel Neuer for the prize Manuel Neuer, Arjen Robben and Cristiano Ronaldo have been named as the final three nominees for the Uefa Best Player… August 15, 2014 In "Sports" Luka Modric has beaten Cristiano Ronaldo and Mohamed Salah to win the 2018 UEFA Men’s Player of the year. Modric broke the duopoly jinx of Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi who have both won the award for a combined 4 years. The Croatian becomes the fifth player to lift the… August 30, 2018 In "Sports" Abuja - Argentina and FC Barcelona star Lionel Messi on Monday won for the fifth time the FIFA Ballon d’Or, the award for the best player in the world. At the annual event held in Zurich, Switzerland, U.S. midfielder Carli Lloyd also claimed her first-ever FIFA Women’s World Player of… January 12, 2016 In "Sports"