Washington — Embattled President Donald Trump Thursday promised to institute an orderly transition process to inaugurate President-elect Joe Biden.This was after Vice President Mike Pence announced that President-elect Joe Biden had won the presidency after Congress completed the counting of the Electoral College votes. What was largely seen as a perfunctory last step before Mr. Biden’s inauguration had turned into a day of chaos after an angry mob of rioters stormed the U.S. Capitol in an effort to halt the process. Congress had to recess for nearly six hours after the angry mob of President Trump’s supporters stormed the U.S. Capitol, leaving four people dead in the melee and sending members of Congress fleeing from the floor during what Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell had earlier branded “the most important vote I’ve ever cast.” Earlier Wednesday, President Trump had encouraged his supporters to “walk over” to the U.S. Capitol as Congress counted the Electoral College votes, the largely ceremonial final step affirming President-elect Joe Biden’s victory. Although Mr. Trump has lately been insisting Vice President Mike Pence had the authority to overturn the election results, Pence defied Mr. Trump on Wednesday and issued a lengthy statement saying he could not change the outcome. Chaos erupted at the U.S. Capitol a few hours later as an angry mob of rioters — many waving Trump flags or carrying Trump gear — breached the building. D.C. Metro police said one woman was shot and killed by police and three people died from medical emergencies. More than 52 people were arrested, with 47 of those arrested for curfew violations. Mr. Biden gave a speech in Delaware denouncing the violence and called on Mr. Trump to address the nation. Mr. Trump then posted a one-minute video to Twitter, telling the rioters they are “special” but they “need to go home now.” Congress reconvened nearly six hours later after leaving the floor, taking up where it had left off in hearing the objection from Senator Ted Cruz and Congressman Paul Gosar to Arizona’s electoral results. The Senate rejected the objection 93-6, and the House rejected it 303-121. Despite calls from more than a dozen senators who said they would support objections to electoral results in key states, no senators signed onto House members’ objections to the results in Michigan and Nevada. But Senator Josh Hawley followed through on his promise to object to Pennsylvania’s results. The Senate rejected it 92-7, leaving the House to debate it for two hours before it was rejected after 3 a.m. Since none of these objections have a majority, they had no chance of succeeding. Even if there was a majority on any of the objections, it would not change the outcome of the election. Mr. Biden will be sworn in on January 20. Trump says he “totally disagrees” with results but there will be “orderly transition” President Trump issued a statement early Thursday after Congress affirmed President-elect Joe Biden’s victory and it was announced by Vice President Mike Pence. Mr. Trump said that while he “totally disagrees with the outcome of the election, and the facts bear me out, nevertheless there will be an orderly transition on January 20th.” Mr. Trump also vowed to keep fighting to make America great again. The statement was tweeted by White House senior official Dan Scanvio, since Mr. Trump has been restricted from Twitter after his supporters stormed the U.S. Capitol on Wednesday. There were a number of resignations among White House staff on Wednesday, including deputy national security adviser Matt Pottinger and first lady Melania Trump’s chief of staff Stephanie Grisham. Republicans, including Vice President Mike Pence and some of President Trump’s own Cabinet members, have been whispering about whether to move forward with formal proceedings to invoke the 25th Amendment and remove him from office days before his term ends. President Donald Trump appeared to excuse the violent occupation of the U.S. Capitol by his supporters Wednesday, hours after they stormed the symbol of American democracy in an effort to disrupt the formalization of his electoral defeat. Trump, who had encouraged his supporters to march on the Capitol to protest… January 7, 2021 In "News" The electoral college voted yesterday to confirm the election of Joe Biden as the winner of the US 2020 Presidential election. According to AFP, Biden gover over 270 electoral votes against his opponent, the incumbent, President Donald Trump. But with his ability to steal the spotlight still intact, Trump announced… December 15, 2020 In "Foreign" Four people died during violent pro-Trump protests at the U.S. Capitol, the Metropolitan Police Department said Wednesday night. One woman was shot inside the Capitol, and three others died after suffering "medical emergencies," police said. A woman was shot by a plainclothes Capitol Police officer after breaching the Capitol and… January 7, 2021 In "Top Stories"