Nigerians have been called upon to reject the candidature of All Progressives Congress national leader, Bola Tinubu in 2023.  The call was made by Nnamdi Kanu, leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, on Wednesday as he attacked the candidature of the APC leader. He said Nigerians should reject the presidential ambition of Bola Tinubu as he warned that Nigeria will be doomed if Tinubu is allowed to sail through with his presidential ambition. The IPOB leader issued the warning in a statement he signed personally. In the statement, the separatist leader also insisted on referendum. “If AMOTEKUN fails to drive away this Fulani army of darkness from Yoruba forests, as #ESN is now gallantly doing in the East, the whole of Yoruba land or what is left of it after the loss of Illorin to the caliphate will be lost to the Fulani conquistadors forever. “Remember how they took Illorin from you. Don’t allow history to repeat itself. “Reject Tinubu presidential ambitions or else you are doomed. Insist on #REFERENDUM,” the statement read.  Source The leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra IPOB, and Director of Radio Biafran, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu has accused the National Leader of the All Progress Congress, APC, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, of spreading falsehood targeted against the Igbo race. The IPOB leader alleged that the chieftain of Lagos politics’ intention… July 15, 2019 In "Top Stories" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The 2023 Campaign Posters of the national leader of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Bola Ahmed Tinubu and Former House of Reps Speaker, Yakubu Dogara have emerged online. The posters, which have elicited different reactions from Nigerians online has strengthened rumours that Tinubu may nurse a… August 16, 2020 In "Top Stories" •Elder Statesman, Senator Edwin Clark Elder Statesman and former Federal Commissioner for Information, Senator Edwin Clark, said, weekend, that it was uncalled-for and hypocritical for Northern politicians to argue that there was no rotation of power between North and South. He also said President Muhammdu Buhari is presently serving his… July 31, 2020 In "Politics"