Ishola, who is from Ogun State, is also an ally of a former Governor of the state, Senator Ibikunle Amosun.  Also, the Editor-in-Chief of The Guardian, Debo Adesina, will serve as the Ambassador to Togo. The postings are included in a list sighted by The PUNCH on Sunday. About 11 ambassadors were re-appointed but eight were retained in their current countries of posting while three others were redeployed. The current Nigerian Ambassador to Ireland, Dr Uzoma Emenike, who is also a career diplomat, was posted to the United States as the ambassador, while M.I. Bashir will serve as deputy ambassador. In all, there are 52 non-career envoys posted out by the President and 43 career ambassadors based on the confirmed list from the Senate. According to the list, the eight ambassadors that will remain at their duty posts include: Mohammed Rimi (United Arab Emirates), Jidda Baba (China), Gani Bura (Lebanon), Yusuf Tuggar (Germany), Baba Madugu (Switzerland) and Deborah Illiya (Congo). Ambassador Tijani Muhammmad-Bande will also retain his position as the Permanent Representative to the United Nations, New York while Adeyinka Asekun will remain the High Commissioner to Canada. However, Modupe Irele, who is the current Ambassador to France, will be redeployed to Hungary while Eniola Ajayi, the Ambassador to Hungary is expected to be redeployed to the Netherlands. For non-career diplomats, Ms Ijeoma Chineyerem will resume as the Ambassador to Ireland, Oma Djebah will be posted to Thailand, Abdulahi Shehu (Russia), Haruna Manta (South Africa), Kayode Laro (France), Paul Adikwu (The Vatican), Abubakar Moriki (Japan), Mrs. Opunimi Akinkugbe (Greece) and Ali Magashi (South Korea) Other postings include M.O. Abam (Italy), N.A. Kolo (Israel), A. Sule (India), G.Y. Hamza (Ghana), A.N. Madubike (Australia) and O.C Onowu (Belgium). The remaining appointees will be expected to serve as deputy ambassadors or heads of mission. They include A.E. Alleboy (Deputy Ambassador to France), G.E. Edokpa (Deputy Permanent Representative to The UN), Ben Okoyen (Cuba), G.M. Okeke (Deputy Head of Mission to Switzerland), S.Sani to London, (Deputy High Commissioner to UK), I.A Iwejuo (Ethiopia as Deputy Ambassador), I.A. Alatishe (Deputy Ambassador to Russia) and I.R. Ocheni (Germany). The PUNCH had reported last year how the ambassadorial nominees had been waiting for their postings several months after they had been confirmed by the Senate. The President, however, approved their postings last week. Source The President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), has approved the posting of ambassador-designates to Nigerian Missions abroad. The list includes 43 career ambassadors and 52 non-career ambassadors. This is coming six months after the envoy-designates were confirmed by the Senate. The PUNCH had reported the delayed posting of the 95… January 13, 2021 In "Politics" Ninety-six days after the Senate confirmed the nomination of 42 career ambassadors, the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), has yet to assign them portfolios, The PUNCH has learnt. Similarly, the 39 non-career ambassadors and one additional career ambassador, who were confirmed on July 22, 2020, by the Senate have… September 17, 2020 In "News" By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari has approved renewal of the appointments of 12 non-career ambassadors, assuring Nigerians of fairness in representation and inclusiveness in all matters of governance. Malam Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, confirmed this in a statement in… July 2, 2020 In "Top Stories"