Veteran Nollywood actress, Joke Silva has revealed that she was adopted by her parents.  But even at that, she made a success out of life. She made this known in an interview on Funmi Iyanda’s Public Eye. The iconic actress revealed that she is an adopted child and it shattered her when she found out. She said, “It is something that one is just getting to the point where one is just sharing it in the public arena. It is something I found out when I was much younger because mine was a secret adoption. When I mean secret, I mean it was legal because it was done through the Red Cross and all that; but it was not something that my parents discussed. “My aunt wanted me to travel with her to Kenya and my mother was not around so she said ‘do you know where your passport is?’ and I told her ‘yes. I know where my mother keeps all the important documents.’ I go to this important suitcase that has all the document. I found my passport and also found my adoption certificate. I was about 10 or 11 years and it was a bit earth-shattering. It was tough. You know how you are, you are very sensitive as a child in the sense that there was just something in it because if it was something they wanted to discuss, they would have discussed it with me but there was just nobody to discuss it with.” The actress said, “Over the years, we got to a particular point where we were able to discuss it especially me and my mother. We discussed it at some point. What was actually interesting is that she found it easier to discuss it with my older son than she did with me. “When I found the document, I did not discuss it with them for a long time because I realized that there was just something instinctive in me that knew that if it was okay to discuss it, I would have been told about it. But my mum was not comfortable with talking about it so I did not bring it up.” Source Tunji Bosun, Abeokuta A seven-year-old boy, Joshua Joseph, who was declared missing two years ago, has been found with his adopted mother, Blessing Ozor, who allegedly paid N1.05m for his ‘adoption’. Joshua was declared missing by his parents, who live in Ijebu-Ode, Ogun State, in 2017, but he was found… August 19, 2019 In "Metro" Enugu -  Some state in the South East region have adopted the Child Rights Act to stop abuses in the process of child adoption, the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports. The states included Enugu, Imo and Anambra, while Ebonyi and Abia states were yet to respond to a survey… September 11, 2018 In "News" Nigerian activist, Lolo Cynthia Ihesie has revealed that she recently discovered that she was circumcised and she was hurt by the discovery. The former Rave TV presenter said she was teaching her younger sisters about Female Genital Mutilation (FGM) when she found out that she had been circumcised when she… June 24, 2020 In "News"