Nigeria’s Minister of Niger Delta, Godswill Akpabio has broken his silence over allegations that he bribed the Attorney General of the Federation, Abubakar Malami.  It was alleged that Akpabio gave Malami $5million as bribe to secure the appointment of a Sole Administrator for the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC). Malami is also the Minister of Justice with $5million But, Malami had denied the report, saying those behind the report should provide evidence to backup their claim. Reacting, Akapbio also described the reports as false. A statement by Akapbio’s Chief Press Secretary, Anietie Ekong, insisted that the report was the handiwork of mischief-makers. The statement sent to DAILY POST reads: “Senator Godswill Akpabio said his attention has been drawn to a piece of fake news which claimed that he paid $5 million bribe to the Attorney General and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami and others to secure the appointment of a Sole Administrator for the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC). “The Honourable Minister of Niger Delta Affairs stated categorically that ‘this is a piece of malicious concoction manufactured from the pit of hell by mischief-makers. It is a figment of the imagination of the author of the fake news. Senator Akpabio denies the story in its entirety. The authors of the fake news should be ready to back up their claim or face the full wrath of the law.’”  Source 5 prominent fights among Buhari’s appointees Since its inception, President Muhammadu Buhari’s administration has recorded shocking, unending fights among appointees, especially Ministers and Heads of Departments and agencies. While many Nigerians have expressed worries over this ugly trend, the unending fights among the appointees have become a sort of distraction… August 4, 2020 In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The tenure of Nsima Udo Ekere as Managing Director and Chief Executive of Niger Delta Development Co­mmission (NDDC), had elapsed, his appoin­tment letter obtained from the Office of the Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF) on Thursday, has confir­med. The appointment lett­er dated November… November 16, 2017 In "Top Stories" A nonpartisan group advocating development in the Niger Delta region, the Global Forum for Accountability and Transparency, Nigeria, has restated its call for the disqualification of the Minister of Niger Delta Affairs, Godswill Akpabio from supervising the forensic audit of the Commission. It said that the findings of the National… August 1, 2020 In "News"