Nigerian music star, Wizkid has said he is against any of his children wanting to follow in his footsteps.  Recall that the musician is a father of three. According to him, he wants his kids to be better human beings. Wizkid made this revelation in a virtual chat with Zane Lowe on Apple Music, while he spoke about parenting, music and family. According to the super star dad his desire is to see his children, namely, Boluwatife, Ayo and Zion, better than him. In his words, “First of all, it’s a crazy generation we’re living in, and as time goes by as they are exposed to everything. So it is very, very important to let my kids understand life and understand themselves. “I wouldn’t want them to emulate me, be even better human beings. That is my own important role to be able to raise great, amazing human beings, man. But I mean from the soul, cause whenever I meet a great person, I’m happy. “Like I feel I go out and like there’s a whole lot of us around. You feel me? So I would just want to always in the midst of everything, in the midst of the madness, in the midst of how fast the world is growing as I would just always want my kids to stay true to that. Just by me just staying true to who I am, so yeah.” As kids, we all fantasized about growing up and becoming rich and famous. Talent surely has no age barrier as long as you are willing to showcase such talent to the world. Such was the case of these 6 Nigerian children-celebrities who have created a niche for themselves in the… October 12, 2019 In "Entertainment" By Anita Eboigbe Abuja - Some fans of Mavin Record’s latest signee, Rema say he sings like Afropop star, Wizkid. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the 18-year-old fast became a fan favorite since the release of his debut EP ‘Rema’. However, fans have also pinned Wizkid as the… May 23, 2019 In "Entertainment" Abuja  -  Fans of popular Nigerian music star, Wizkid have congratulated the star on his upcoming appearance at the tour of award winning American music star, Chris Brown scheduled to hold in June. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Chris Brown had announced Wizkid as a special guest… June 1, 2016 In "Entertainment"