The parents of Don Davies, the 11-year-old victim of alleged sexual molestation in Uyo campus of the Deeper Life High School in Idoro, Akwa Ibom State, have demanded N100m compensation for the torture their son was allegedly subjected to in the school. The parents, Mr and Mrs Archibong, made the demand in a letter they addressed to the principal of the school, entitled ‘Gross child abuse, palpable molestation, serial bullying, criminal starvation, malicious oppression, and dubious maltreatment of Master Don-Davies Archibong (11 years old) by the Principal and Boarding Master, of Deeper Life Secondary School, Uyo.’ The letter, a copy of which was obtained by our correspondent on Friday, was sent through their solicitors, Eagle-Eyes Network Chambers, and signed by David Okokon, dated December 22, 2020. According to the letter, the school was given 21 days to pay the N100m compensation. It read in part, “We are solicitors to Mr. and Mrs, Iniobong Archibong, resident in Uyo, Akwa Ibom State and herein after referred to as our client. We have the firm explicit and unequivocal instructions to write to you on the above subject matter. “It is indeed provocatively heartbroken, morally suicidal and religiously hypocritical that our client’s 11-year-old son was torrentially bombarded with physical and inhuman torture of debilitating dimension with resultant castration of his human person, dignity and childhood innocence. “We respectfully demand the payment of N100,000,000 within 21 days of the receipt of this letter as compensation to assuage the dehumanising, horrendous torture and indignity our client’s son was subjected to and for his medical checkup and medication. “We demand that Deeper Life High School, Idoro, Uyo, publish an unreserved apology to our clients in two national Newspapers;PUNCH, THISDAY, and any other two local newspapers circulated within Akwa Ibom State and its environs.” Meanwhile, Akwa Ibom State Government has pulled out of the investigation into the alleged sexual molestation of the boy. The state government in a statement by its Information Commissioner, Mr. Ini Ememobong, on Thursday explained that it withdrew from the matter to allow the police carry on with its investigation. Ememobong, however, said the government was committed to unraveling the truth and appealed to members of the public to exercise patience while the police carried out a thorough investigation. He added, “The state government will upon receipt of the report take necessary actions thereto.” (Punch) Bring Back Our Girls convener and human rights activist, Aisha Yesufu has lambasted the founder of the Deeper Christian Life Ministry, Pastor W.F.Kumuyi, for keeping mute about the alleged molestation of a schoolboy, Don Davis, in the school owned by the church in Uyo. 11-year-old Don Davis, a pupil of… December 30, 2020 In "News" A father, Mr. Godwin Jeremiah, from Ikot Udota, Eket Akwa Ibom State has been arrested by security operatives for allegedly having carnal knowledge of his 13-year-old daughter. Godwin Jeremiah The victim, Emem Jeremiah, a Junior Secondary School(JSS) 1 student said her father severally molested and had sexual relationship with her.… April 27, 2020 In "Metro" Uyo - Fortune, aged 20, has narrated to policemen how her father started having sex with her when she was 13 years old, and that he would demand sex before paying her school fees. Her father, the Presiding Pastor of Mount Zion Light House Full Gospel Church, Obio Imo Lane,… November 18, 2019 In "Metro"