ORLU, Imo State – Tragedy struck on Wednesday morning at Akata in Oru-East Local Government Area of Imo State, following the invasion of Orlu Catholic Church by suspected kidnappers which resulted the killing of one Mr Obiezu, an indigene of the area, according to News Express. The victim, Mr Obiezu, was a younger brother to the Imo State Accountant General, Valentine Obiezu. The suspected kidnappers, according to reports, were after Chief Valentine Ibenye, a philanthropist and an illustrious son of Okporo community in Orlu LGA. News Express further gathered that the kidnappers, after a failed attempt to whisk away the moneybag, ran into their victim, Mr. Obiezu, and shot him dead. Chief Valentine Ibenye who narrated his ordeal, said that the bandits traced him to St. Joseph’s Catholic Church, Okporo where he honoured a friend’s invitation for his father’s memorial service and that of the church harvest. “I drove alongside my sister’s daughter but when I made for the church gate and rode to the car park, I noticed some boys on motorcycles entering the gate. “Suddenly, four other motorcycles came towards the car park instead of the space designated for motorbikes. “One of them jumped down and pointed a gun at me and ordered me to quietly follow them or they would shoot at me. “It was then I realised they were kidnappers. I tried to attract attention but no one came to my rescue. “When I refused to follow them, they pounced on me, tore my clothes and hit the gun repeatedly on my head. “They made away with my two phones, wrist watch, necklace and cash of N1,150,000 and eight hundred and fifty dollars ($850). After much beating, I managed to enter the church’s auditorium and they followed me for more than an hour. It was when they noticed the police had been alerted that they ran away,” he narrated. Further reports said that the Accountant General’s brother who was driving in a Toyota hilux car, collided with the kidnappers on the road who shot him dead. (News Express) By Ikechukwu Iweajunwa   Owerri   -      The Imo State Commissioner of Police (CP), Mr Chris Ezike, has said that the command is determined to apprehend the murderers of Rev. Fr. Cyriacus Onunkwo. The CP told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Tuesday that the police had… September 5, 2017 In "News" A 27-year-old man has been allegedly shot dead by a policeman inspector at Banana Junction in Amaifeke town near Orlu in Imo State. The officer was in a team of policemen who mounted road block in that area. It was gathered they were using the opportunity to enforce the wearing… July 9, 2020 In "News" ABUJA - The archbishop of Owerri Catholic archdiocese, Valentine Obinna, has compared an alleged assault he suffered on Saturday with “Christ’s humiliation on the cross of Calvary.” He added that he had left in God’s hand his “assault” by “All Progressives Congress members loyal to the Imo State Government.” The… March 5, 2018 In "Top Stories"