Nigerians interested in registering for the national identification number have been alerted on the new tactics scammers are now using to dupe people.  The National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) has warned Nigerians to stay away from a fake app that claims to help link the National Identity Number (NIN) to SIM cards. NIMC, in a Twitter post on Monday, dissociated itself from the app. The agency claims the app is run by fraudsters who use it to harvest NIN and Bank Verification Number (BVN). “The app was not created by NIMC or the Federal Government of Nigeria. It is run by fraudsters who are currently harvesting people’s NINs and BVNs by default,” NIMC said. The Commission further advised people to protect their data and stop disclosing personal information to unauthorised persons or platforms. Recall that last week, we reported that a mobile app launched by NIMC can be used to link seven SIM cards to one NIN. This was according to the Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr Isa Pantami, who spoke during an interview on Channels Television’s Politics Today programme. Source Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) has urged President Muhammadu Buhari to stop the push for registration of Nigerians for National Identity Number (NIN), and withdraw the threat to block SIM cards. The Human Rights group in a statement on Sunday asked the President to “instruct the Minister of Communications… December 20, 2020 In "Technology" By Jacinta Nwachukwu Abuja, - The National Identity Management Commission (NIMC), says it is committed to creating, managing, operating and maintaining a secured National Identity database by issuing National Identification Number (NIN) to all Nigerians and legal residents. Mr Aliyu Aziz, NIMC Director-General, disclosed this in an interview with the… April 29, 2019 In "News" The Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy jolted GSM subscribers back to reality when it ordered Mobile Network Operators (MNOs) to block all Subscriber Identification Modules (SIM) cards without valid National Identification Numbers (NIN) after December 30, 2020. Issuing the directive, the Communication and Digital Economy minister, Dr. Isa… January 8, 2021 In "Opinion"