Fifteen members of the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) have tested positive for COVID-19 in Niger state.  Commissioner for Health, Dr Muhammed Makusidi disclosed this while speaking after a meeting with the Governor on measures to prevent spread of COVID-19 in the state.  According to him, out of the 16 active cases in the state, 15 are NYSC members. Makunsidi said the state has recorded a total of 695 confirmed cases spread across 22 out of the 25 local Government Areas and 14 deaths. In a related development, Governor Abubakar Sani- Bello has declared those who don’t use face masks will face a mobile court and pay a fine of N5,000.  He said the order will take effect from Monday, 1st of February, 2021, saying since lockdown is not feasible for now, the use of masks will become compulsory and mobile courts will be established for the prosecution of violators. He told the Taskforce Committee on COVID-19 to collaborate with all the security agencies, including traffic guards and other local security outfits to enforce the executive order. Source Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Governor Hope Uzodimma of Imo State on Sunday announced the shutdown of the state secretariat till further notice and cautioned residents to avoid gathering more than 100 persons in the state. The governor who made the announcement during a live broadcast revealed new measures to avoid… December 20, 2020 In "News" By Rita Iliya Minna - Gov. Abubakar Bello of Niger says government has noticed with dismay that people no longer follow established safety protocols against COVID-19, especially wearing of face mask in public places, which he says is unacceptable. He made the observation during a news briefing after meeting with… July 23, 2020 In "Health" The President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), has signed the Coronavirus Disease Health Protection 2021 which made the use of face masks in public places mandatory among other measures to curtail spread of COVID-19. The Chairman of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19, Boss Mustapha, told journalists in Abuja on… January 28, 2021 In "Politics"