Bandits have killed four people in Chikun Local Government Area and two others and in various attacks in Giwa Local Government Area of Kaduna state. A statement signed by Kaduna state Commissioner for Internal Security and Home Affairs, Mr Samuel Aruwan on Saturday said that eight other persons were injured in the Giwa attacks. He however said that, investigations are ongoing into the incidents, as vigorous patrols continue in the general areas. According to the Commissioner, “Security agencies have reported that armed bandits attacked Maskoro community of Kakau Ward, and Akunakwo of Gwagwada Ward, both in Chikun local government area. “According to the report, two persons were killed in Maskoro, identified as Nehemiah Ishaku and Yunana Mai-Mulo. Two persons were similarly killed in Akunakwo, identified as Haruna Dogo and Danjuma Jagaba. “In a separate incident, between Hayin Inji and Kidandan town in Giwa local government area, armed bandits attacked and killed one Alhaji Yahuza Jinaidu in a bid to dispossess him of his motorcycle. “Also in Giwa local government area, at ‘Yan Rake, Galadimawa, bandits wielding sophisticated weapons opened fire injuring nine persons listed as: Usama Mohammad, Buhari Rabiu, Buhari Rabe, Waazzamu Audu, Sani Hamisu, Dini Saleh, Mai Lado Mai rake, Sabitu Isa, Kabiru Lado “One of these victims, Kabiru Lado, eventually died as he was being rushed to the hospital. Others are receiving treatment, with some having been discharged. “Governor Nasir el-Rufai expressed deep sadness at these reports, and prayed for the repose of the souls of the slain while sending his condolences to their families. He urged security agencies to ramp up responses to curb such attacks. “Meanwhile, investigations are ongoing into the incidents, as vigorous patrols continue in the general areas,” Samuel Aruwan said. The Nation Gunmen have killed three persons in separate attacks in Kaduna. They killed a driver and caused accidents, which left many injured on Monday night. The bandits were however repelled by security operatives from kidnapping any of the travellers. But they regrouped around 2:00am on Tuesday and descended on Maigiginya community… November 24, 2020 In "News" Some unknown gunmen have invaded the residence of a traditional ruler and shot him dead. The tragic incident happened in Kaduna. According to TheCable, Haruna Kuye, district head of Gidan Zaki, Zangon Kataf local government area of Kaduna state was killed in the early hours of Tuesday. Kuye and his… November 17, 2020 In "News" It has been reported that some armed men on Monday attacked a school in Kaduna, killing one person and kidnapping seven students and a teacher, residents said. According to PREMIUM TIMES, the armed men killed a man and abducted seven students and a teacher of Prince Academy, located at Damba-Kasaya… August 26, 2020 In "News"