American rappers, Lil Wayne and Kodak Black will not be serving prison terms for crimes they committed after being pardoned by President Donald Trump.  The American president also pardoned over 100 others in his last full day in office. Lil Wayne, born Dwayne Michael Carter Jr, pleaded guilty to illegally possessing a loaded weapon on a private jet while travelling to Miami in December 2020, Billboard.com reports. Carter is a convicted felon, stemming from a gun charge in 2007, which meant he was looking at 10 years in prison when sentenced on January 28, 2021. His pardon was hardly surprising after the Grammy award-winning artist inexplicably endorsed Trump for re-election last October and posed for a picture, which he was heavily criticized for on social media. “Just had a great meeting with @realdonaldtrump @potus besides what he has done so far with criminal reform, the platinum plan is going to give the community real ownership. He listened to what we had to say today and assured he will and can get it done,” Carter wrote in a Twitter message that included the picture. On December 23, 2019, an anonymous tip led Miami police officers and federal agents to search Carter’s jet where they found the loaded gun, in addition to reportedly cocaine, ecstasy, marijuana, heroin, pain killers and prescription-strength cough syrup, along with nearly $26,000 in cash. Carter was not charged with any drug offences. Also, Kodak Black, born Bill Kahan Kapri, is in federal prison after pleading guilty to a firearms possession charge after being detained at the Canadian-American border in March 2020. Trump further pardoned his former campaign manager Steve Bannon, former Detroit Mayor, Kwame Kilpatrick. However, Wikileaks’ Julian Assange and Edward Snowden were not on the list. Eminem has released a surprise album, Kamikaze, just months after his last full-length project, Revival. “Tried not 2 overthink this 1 … enjoy,” he wrote on Twitter announcing the release. On the first track, The Ringer, the Detroit rapper claims that following his two freestyles last year in which he… August 31, 2018 In "Entertainment" •US President-elect Joe Biden Joe Biden is officially the President-elect of the United States of America. Several world leaders have congratulated him including our own former President Olusegun Obasanjo and current  President Muhammadu Buhari. In an election that divided the country into two opposing camps, with accusations and counter-accusations and the highest… November 9, 2020 In "Column - Monday" By Harrison Arubu New York, -U.S. President Donald Trump has pardoned a convicted bank robber, Jon Ponder, who is now running a post-prison assistance programme. A pre-recorded video of Trump signing an executive order for the pardon, with Ponder standing beside him, aired on Tuesday night. Coming amid the Republican… August 26, 2020 In "Foreign"