As many as three Nigerian police officers have been confirmed dead after an attack by gunmen.  They died after the attack by gunmen on Onueke police station in Ezza south local government area of Ebonyi state. Two other officers were said to have sustained bullet wounds during the attack which occurred on Friday night. The deceased were identified as two inspectors and sergeant. The attackers also reportedly carted away two AK 47 rifles from the police station. Loveth Odah, police spokesperson of the state, who confirmed the incident, said the corpses of the slain officers had been deposited in a mortuary, while the two persons who sustained injuries are receiving treatment. She said the command has launched a manhunt for the gunmen and urged anyone with useful information that could lead to the arrest of the hoodlums to reach out to the command. “Yes, three policemen were killed in the attack,” Odah said. “We don’t know the identity of the attackers yet; and we are calling on the general public to provide information to the police in order to hunt down the perpetrators of this heinous crime.” Reacting, Stanley Okoroemegha, Ebonyi commissioner for internal security, said the government was saddened by the incident. Source Two persons have been killed and five others abducted in Ekoli Edda Community, Afikpo South local government area of Ebonyi state The victims, according to the Police, were allegedlly attacked by gunmen from neighbouring Biase local government area of Cross River state. The two border communities have been having a… July 2, 2020 In "News" Suspected bandits have killed the Divisional Police Officer (DPO) of Gidan Madi police station in Tangaza local government area of Sokoto state. They also killed another police officer before abducting two wives of a prominent businessman in the area. The marauders were said to have struck around 1am on Thursday.… September 17, 2020 In "News" Gusau  - The police in Zamfara have confirmed the death of four persons following attack by gunmen on Tangaran village in Anka local government area of the state on Tuesday night. The command Public Relations Officer, DSP Sanusi Amiru, confirmed the incident on Thursday in Gusau while briefing newsmen. The… December 3, 2015 In "News"