Babajide Sanwo-Olu, the Lagos State Governor and Visitor to Lagos State University, has cancelled the ongoing process set up for the appointment of a substantive ninth Vice-Chancellor of the University, The PUNCH reports.  The Governor further directed that a fresh process that would terminate in 45 days should commence immediately. This was contained in a statement by Sanwo-Olu’s Chief Press Secretary, Mr. Gboyega Akosile, on Friday titled, ‘Sanwo-Olu cancels ongoing appointment of LASU VC, orders fresh process’. It stated that the governor’s “decision on the cancellation came after a thorough investigation and stakeholders engagement, which were necessitated by various petitions against the selection process”. The statement added, “Governor Sanwo-Olu was inundated with petitions arising from the selection process of the Vice-Chancellor by the Governing Council. After a thorough evaluation and investigation of the various complaints, Mr. Governor, in his capacity as the Visitor to the University ordered the cancellation of the process. “The outgoing Vice-Chancellor, Professor Olanrewaju Fagbohun, has also been directed to convene an emergency Senate meeting for the purpose of appointing one of the Deputy Vice-Chancellors, who is not a candidate in the cancelled selection process as Acting Vice-Chancellor from Monday, January 11, 2021, when the tenure of the incumbent Vice-Chancellor, Professor Fagbohun expires. “The Governor further directed that the Senate should select among its members, a pro tem chairman to superintend the meeting and conduct of the election of Acting Vice-Chancellor.” The PUNCH reports that there had been controversy over the qualification of some candidates selected to replace Fagbohun. Source Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  Pandemonium broke in the early hours on Monday in the Lagos State University, Ojo Campus, when members of the Academic Staff Union of Universities, ASUU, and the Non-Academic Staff Union of Universities, NASU, barred the Vice-Chancellor of the institution, Prof Olanrewaju Fagboun and students from gaining… September 14, 2020 In "News" The best graduating student of the Lagos State University (LASU) will be rewarded with N5millon and scholarship. This was the pledge made by the Lagos State Governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu. Sanwo-Olu made this promise at the LASU 24th Convocation ceremony which held on Wednesday, Dec 16. Sanwo-Olu, who is still on… December 18, 2020 In "Politics" By Florence Onuegbu Lagos - The Lagos State Government has signed a Build, Operate and Transfer (BOT) agreement with a private developer to deliver 8,272 hostel units for Lagos State University (LASU) students. L-R: Lagos State Governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu; Solicitor General & Permanent Secretary, Lagos State Ministry of Justice,… December 21, 2019 In "News"