Ondo State Governor, Rotimi Akeredolu, on Monday ordered herdsmen to vacate all forest reserves in the state within the next seven days. The Governor, who made the proclamation via Twitter, said the order had become imperative due to the increasing incidents of kidnap cases in the state. “These unfortunate incidents are traceable to the activities of some bad elements masquerading as herdsmen,” Akeredolu said. “These felons have turned our forest reserves into hideouts for keeping victims of kidnapping, negotiating for ransom, and carrying out other criminal activities.”  The Governor also banned night-grazing with immediate effect “because most farm destruction takes place at night.” “Movement of cattle within cities and highways is prohibited,” he added. “Under-aged grazing of cattle is outlawed. “Our resolution to guarantee safety of lives and property within the State shall remain utmost as security agencies have been directed to enforce the ban.” The Governor noted that his administration “will give a grace period of seven days for those who wish to carry on with their cattle-rearing business to register with appropriate authorities.” In November, bandits shots a prominent traditional ruler, the Olufon of Ifon, Oba Israel Adeusi. Later that month, unidentified gunmen abducted the wife of the Chief of Staff to Governor Akeredolu. Earlier in January, gunmen abducted a couple and two others in Uso community, in Owo Local Government Area of the state. Days later, gunmen kidnapped a traveller along Ise/Isua – Akoko Road. Channels TV The Governor of Ondo State, Rotimi Akeredolu, has issued a seven-day ultimatum to herdsmen to vacate forest reserves in the state. The order is part of major steps taken by the state at addressing the root cause of kidnapping and other nefarious activities in the state. In a statement issued… January 18, 2021 In "News" Enugu  -   Enugu State Government has banned night cattle grazing in the state as part of measures to check the incessant clashes between herdsmen and their host communities. Gov. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi announced the ban in Enugu on Monday during a meeting between government officials and leaders of the Fulani… May 16, 2016 In "Top Stories" Ebonyi state governor, David Umahi, reacted to the clash between herdsmen and farmers at Enyanwu Igwe Igbeagu community - The governor ordered the herdsmen in the community to vacate immediately - He said he can't watch and let killings like that of Benue happen in his state Governor David Umahi… March 14, 2018 In "News"