Dr Christian Madubuko, a commissioner in the Anambra State Government, has tendered his resignation while alleging threat to life.  In his letter of resignation, Madubuko alleged endemic corruption in the system, tasking the governor, Willie Obiano, to rise up and be in charge of his government. He also raised the alarm over threat to his life by unknown persons. Madubuko was at several times in three years appointed as Commissioner for Industry, Trade and Commerce; Commissioner for Road, Rail and Water Transportation and lastly as Commissioner for Diaspora Affairs, Indigenous Artworks, Culture and Tourism. The resignation letter read in part, “In the cause of fighting corrupt individuals holding the state revenue on the throat, all manner of frivolous petitions against me were written to the governor accusing me of several misdeeds particularly destabilising our party, the All Progressives Grand Alliance and advising the governor to remove me before l do more harm to the party. “In several occasions, agents of darkness tried bribing me with millions of the naira. I arrested these criminals and this was applauded by the governor at the EXCO meetings. Within these three years, l have been redeployed to three key ministries in the state as Commissioner. “With all these happenings, it became clear that when you fight corruption, corruption fights back in several forms. “Those toes l stepped on are now in the prowl for my life. I am no longer safe as l speak. On three different occasions, l received the baptism of fire by unknown gunmen/assassins. I was equally attacked severally at the Onitsha Main Market by the agents of the revenue criminals. “All these attempts were to stop me from exposing the people involved in siphoning the state revenues into their private pockets to the detriments of the Anambra citizens. “I advise His Excellency, the Governor, to rise up to the challenge of leadership and take charge of his Government. This is because, at the end of it all, the governor alone takes all the glory for things done right and blames for things done wrong.” Source By Peter Okolie Onitsha (Anambra) -  Mr Christian Madubuko, the Commissioner for Industry, Trade, Commerce and Wealth Creation in Anambra, has urged market leaders in the state to shun corruption or risk going to jail. Madubuko gave the warning shortly after the election of the executive committee to oversee the… July 17, 2018 In "News" By Chimezie AnasoAwka. -. Anambra Government has constituted a new leadership that would run the affairs of market associations in the state, known as Anambra State Amalgamated Traders Association (ASMATA). The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the ASMATA leadership made up of 20 members is led by Mr… June 23, 2019 In "News" By Raphael Enwelu Awka - The Anambra Government on Tuesday said it had completed plans to establish modern motor parks across the state to ensure aesthetics, orderliness, traffic decongestion and drive revenue generation.Mr Christian Madubuko, the State Commissioner for Transportation, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Awka that… January 7, 2020 In "News"