Former Anambra State Governor, Peter Obi, says the reason Nigeria tends not to be working at this moment is that many individuals in various offices were recruited based on sentiment. The elder statesman stated this on Wednesday when he joined Governor Nyesom Wike to commission the Constructed Internal Road Phase 2 in Isiokpo, Ikwere Local Government Area of Rivers State.  “The reason Nigeria is not working today is that people have been recruited based on sentiments,” Mr. Obi said, adding that this way of operating has to stop. He said, “if we have to recruit you to be local government chairman, governor, vice president, president, and minister, it must be based on capacity and competence, which are viable not what we are doing now and the country is collapsing”. According to the former chairman of the Nigeria Security Commission, accountability in government is a very critical yardstick to determining good governance and to build the trust of the people. Mr. Obi thanked Governor Wike for what he is doing for the people of Rivers State. He urged everyone who has been entrusted with the welfare of the people to give their all. Channels TV Awka  -  Former Vice-President, Dr Alex Ekwueme has called on governors of Southeast geo-political zone to develop the economic base of the region to engage numerous unemployed youths in the area. Ekwueme made the call at the public presentation of two books written by a former Secretary to Anambra State… June 16, 2016 In "Top Stories" Awka - A faction of the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA), led by Chief Maxi Okwu, has adopted Chief Peter Obi as its candidate in the yet to be scheduled Anambra Central Senatorial rerun election. Chief Shadrack Anakwue, Chairman of the faction in Anambra, announced the faction’s position at a… April 14, 2016 In "News" ONITSHA -  The former Governor of Anambra, Mr. Peter Obi, On Tuesday formally defected to the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) from the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA). Obi declared his defection while hosting some top notchers of the PDP in the South-East, led by the Deputy Senate President, Sen. Ike… October 8, 2014 In "News"