U.S. President-elect Joe Biden on Monday announced the nomination of former career diplomat William Burns as Director, Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) the Biden-Harris transition team said in a statement. Burns is a career diplomat who served in the U.S. Foreign Service for 33 years and holds the highest rank in the service, according to the statement. Biden said that Burns shares his profound belief that intelligence must be apolitical, it said. “Bill Burns is an exemplary diplomat with decades of experience on the world stage keeping our people and our country safe and secure. ”He shares my profound belief that intelligence must be apolitical and that the dedicated intelligence professionals serving our nation deserve our gratitude and respect,” the statement said. Burns served as deputy secretary of state under President Barack Obama and has held other diplomatic posts over a three-decade career in Republican and Democratic administrations. Ambassador Burns is a consummate professional full of integrity who will bring the facts and independence that our national security demands, the statement further said. “Whether it’s cyber attacks emanating from Moscow, the challenge China poses, or the threat we face from terrorists and other non-state actors. ‘He has the experience and skill to marshal efforts across government and around the world to ensure the CIA is positioned to protect the American people,” it added. The Nation •US President-elect Biden The General Services Administration has ascertained that President-elect Joe Biden is the "apparent winner" of the November 3 election. President Donald Trump, who had refused to concede the election, said Monday that he is directing his team to cooperate on the transition but is vowing to keep… November 24, 2020 In "Foreign" Abeokuta -   Former President Olusegun Obasanjo  said the passing of Amb. Oluyemi Adeniji a great loss to Nigeria. Obasanjo said this in a statement made available to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abeokuta on Thursday. He noted that Nigeria had lost one of nation’s most outstanding diplomats… November 30, 2017 In "Top Stories" Again if you tell Biden supporters that claim to be Christians that hundreds of great and reputable men of God and tried and tested Prophets from all over the world like Emmanuel Kobe, Emmanuel Jatau, Kenneth Copeland, Sid Roth, Pat Robertson. Sadhu Selvaraj, Denise Goulet, Mark Goulet, Mark Taylor, Chris… November 22, 2020 In "Opinion"