Chelsea FC has confirmed the appointment of Thomas Tuchel as manager. He replaces Frank Lampard, who was sacked on Tuesday following a string of bad runs in the EPL. A statement on the website of the club said Tuchel has signed an 18-month contract with the possibility of an extension. He said: ‘I would like to thank Chelsea FC for their confidence in me and my staff. ‘We all have the greatest respect for Frank Lampard’s work and the legacy he created at Chelsea. “At the same time, I cannot wait to meet my new team and compete in the most exciting league in football. I am grateful to now be part of the Chelsea family – it feels amazing!’ Director Marina Granovskaia added: ‘It is never easy to change Head Coach in the middle of the season but we are very happy to secure one of Europe’s best coaches in Thomas Tuchel. “There is still much to play for and much to achieve, this season and beyond. We welcome Thomas to the Club.” Tuchel will take his first training session this evening and will be in the dugout for tomorrow’s Premier League game against Wolves. The Nation DORTMUND - Borussia Dortmund Coach Juergen Klopp will leave after seven years in summer because he no longer feels he is the right man at the German top club, it was announced on Wednesday. Klopp, 47, told a news conference that he had come to conclusion over the past weeks… April 15, 2015 In "Sports" Dortmund (Germany), April 19, 2015 (dpa/NAN) German Bundesliga club Borussia Dortmund have appointed Thomas Tuchel as coach from next season. Tuchel, 41, has signed a three-year contract from July 1, the club said on Sunday. Former Mainz coach Tuchel, who is on sabbatical until his contract with Mainz officially ends… April 19, 2015 In "Sports" Paris Saint-Germain superstar, Kylian Mbappe tested negative for coronavirus, it has been reported. The footballer has now resumed training with Paris Saint-Germain, the club said on Wednesday, just hours before their Champions League match with Dortmund. According to the Agence France Press, AFP, the France striker is suffering from a… March 11, 2020 In "Sports"