After missing in the limelight for months, Alibaba founder, Jack Ma has resurfaced.  The billionaire was suspected to be missing as he was last seen on October 24, 2020 when he called for economic reform in a speech in Shanghai, according to Yahoo Finance. However, he appeared for the first time since the end of October in a video message distributed by Chinese state media on Wednesday. In the video message, the 56-year-old was seen addressing 100 teachers in rural areas. Ma also announced plans to engage in philanthropic endeavours, more than he had before. “In these days, I have been learning and reflecting together with my colleagues. We are now even more determined to dedicate ourselves to education and charity,’’ Ma was quoted as saying in his address at an annual event held by his foundation. Meanwhile, in November 2020, Chinese authorities halted a planned initial public offering (IPO) of Alibaba’s financial subsidiary, Ant Group, citing legal changes. It had been billed as the biggest IPO of all time. In December, Chinese regulators launched an antitrust probe into Alibaba Group, citing alleged monopolistic behaviour. Source Alibaba founder and billionaire, Jack Ma has not been seen in public since October 2020, after he hit out at the ruling Communist regime in China. Speculation peaked recently after the 56-year-old founder also failed to appear in the final episode of his own talent show, ‘Africa’s Business Heroes’. The… January 5, 2021 In "Foreign" Chinese e-commerce company Alibaba Group Holding Ltd will invest in financial media outlet China Business Network in a deal set to be announced on Thursday, Chinese media reported on Wednesday. The investment in China Business Network, part of Shanghai Media Group (SMG), will be worth more than 1 billion yuan… June 4, 2015 In "News" BY STEPHEN ALDRED AND MATTHEW MILLERHONG KONG/BEIJING - When a fast-growing private equity firm co-founded by Jack Ma sought funding from institutional investors for the first time in early 2013, almost all had one major concern, its chairman said: was the firm independent from Ma, the influential executive chairman of… July 17, 2014 In "News"