President Muhammadu Buhari, Friday, gave timeline to round off the war against Boko Haram and bandits. The President said the counter insurgency war will be finished this year, 2021. He called for prayers for the Armed Forces of Nigeria to enable them end what they are doing. The President, who spoke during the Juma’at Prayer for the 2021 Armed Forces Remembrance Day Celebration at the National Mosque, also assured that “this is a year of action and we will finish what we are doing.” According to Buhari, who was represented by the Defence Minister, Major General Magashi Salihi, “what is happening in this country will soon be over. This year we will finish what we are doing; pray for us that we succeed.” He said that the nation will continue to remember the heroic duties of members of the Armed Forces and will continue to pray for the repose of the souls of those that paid the supreme price defending the integrity of the nation. The President also assured that the welfare and comfort of the families of the fallen heroes, as well as those who are still alive will continue to get the priority of the government. The Chief Imam of the National Mosque, Dr. Mohammed Kabiru Adams, prayed for the repose of the souls of the fallen heroes. He also prayed for an end to insurgency, banditry and other social vices plaguing the country. The Nation Abuja - The Minister of Defence, retired Brig.-Gen. Mansur Dan-Ali, said on Friday that the Federal Government would introduce insurance package for soldiers fighting insurgency in the North-East. Dan-Ali made the disclosure while briefing newsmen shortly after a Special Juma’at Prayer to mark the 2016 Armed Forces Remembrance Day celebration… January 8, 2016 In "News" Abuja- President Goodluck Jonathan has called on Nigerians to be steadfast in their prayers for members of the Armed Forces and their families for their sacrifices in the war on terrorism. He made the call on Sunday in Abuja at an inter-denominational church service held at the National Christian Centre… January 11, 2015 In "News" ONITSHA - A renowned cleric, Rev. Uma Ukpai, on Wednesday lauded President Goodluck Jonathan for strengthening the Nigerian armed forces in their fight against Boko Haram.   Ukpai, who is the President of Uma Ukpai Evangelistic Association, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Onitsha, Anambra that he foresaw… March 25, 2015 In "News"