Minister of Labour and Employment Chris Ngige has accused Anambra State Governor Willie Obiano of taking the state 20 years backward.  The minister said the stagnation, depreciation and retrogression are making the people wish the hand of the clock could be turned back. Ngige, in a statement from his media office, accused Obiano of wasting the opportunity given to him after inheriting a ‘virile and robust state resources’. He challenged Governor Obiano to state his achievements, beyond bequeathing a mounting regime of debts to generations unborn. Ngige described his 34 months renaissance as governor of Anambra as unrivalled, and dismissed a parody performance rating of him by Obiano as hogwash. The statement reads: “This governor has taken Anambra State 20 years backwards, making the people wish the hand of the clock could be turned back. The stagnation, depreciation and retrogression are mindboggling. What a wasted opportunity for a governor who inherited virile and robust state resources. “The eventful era of Ngige has remained a parameter for judging successive administrations in Anambra, going by his unprecedented achievements and quantum of projects executed by his administration in just three years. “It is important to remind James Eze, who authored the diatribe, that Ngige took over power at a critical stage in the history of Anambra, with years of salary and pension arrears, dilapidated infrastructure and mounting debts owed banks and international lenders, yet, Ngige did not sell off state assets to take off. “Ngige neither received a formal handover note, nor inherited N75 billion in local and foreign currencies from his predecessor. He inherited Anambra in a state of anomie. Yet, he not only liberated the state, but left it at an enviable height…” Source By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Anambra State Governor, Chief Willie Obiano has declared February 1, 2018 as public holiday in the state as part of the funeral arrangements for the late Vice President, Dr. Alex Ekwueme. Secretary to the State Government (SSG), Professor Solo Chukwulobelu, made the announcement… January 29, 2018 In "News" By SundiataPOST, Abuja The governorship candidates of APC in Anambra, Dr Chris Ngige, and APGA, Chief Willie Obiano, have promised to better the lives of the people if voted into power on Nov. 16. They made the promises at a televised debate organised by the Nigeria Elections Debate Group (NEDG)… October 31, 2013 In "Politics" Ngige, Imo REC lead protest against Anambra monarch Minister of Labour and Employment, Senator Chris Ngige, and the Resident Electoral Commissioner (REC) of the Independent National Electoral Commission INEC in Imo, Prof Emeka Ezeonu, on Saturday led a protest against alleged imposition of the traditional ruler of Alor, Igwe MacAnthony… August 29, 2020 In "News"