Victor Osimhen made his much-anticipated return in Napoli’s 3-1 loss to Hellas Verona in the Italian Serie A on Sunday.  The Nigerian last played for Gli Azzurri in November after picking up a shoulder injury, which saw him miss seven games. He came on for Andrea Petagna in the 65th minute but failed to get on the score sheet. The 22-year-old has scored twice for the Italian giants in seven Serie A appearances.  Simeon Nwankwo scored his seventh Serie A goal of the season for bottom-placed Crotone in their 2-1 loss away at Fiorentina on Saturday. Simy’s 66th-minute strike could only serve as a consolation for the Pitagorici as they suffered their 13th loss of the season. In England, Kelechi Iheanacho and Wilfred Ndidi were in action in Leicester City’s 3-1 win over Brentford in the FA Cup fourth round on Sunday. Iheanacho came on for Under in the 76th minute, while Ndidi replaced Nampalys Mendy in the 70th minute.  Watford defender William Troost-Ekong had the better of his former national team captain, Mikel Obi, in the English Championships as he helped Watford to a 2-1 at Stoke City on Friday. Both players saw 90 minutes of action in the encounter. The result has further increased Watford’s promotion hopes. Ekong has helped the Hornets record three wins in their last three games, while Stoke are without a win in their last five games in all competitions.  In Germany, Taiwo Awoniyi provided an assist for Marcus Ingvartsen in Union Berlin’s 2-1 loss to Augsburg in the Bundesliga on Saturday. Union have lost their last two games, while Awoniyi has scored five goals with three assists. Olympics bronze medalist Sadiq Umar continued his impressive goal-scoring form in the Spanish Segunda League as he scored again in Almeria’s 2-2 home draw against Sabadell on Sunday. Sadiq scored his team’s second goal in the 76th. The 23-year-old has scored 10 goals in 19 appearances this season. Anthony Nwakaeme provided an assist in Trabzonspor’s 2-1 win over Genclerbirligi in the Turkish Super Lig on Saturday. Nwakaeme has four assists and nine goals this season. In Scotland, Joe Aribo was on the score sheet as Glasgow Rangers ran riot in a 5-0 win over Ross County at the Ibrox in a Scottish Premier League game. The Nigeria international, who was replaced by Cedric Itten in the 67th minute, scored his side’s third goal in the 37th minute. The goal is his fifth in 17 appearances in the SPL this season. His compatriots, Leon Balogun and Calvin Bassey, were unused substitutes. Forward Peter Olayinka was on target in Slavia Prague’s 3-1 win over 10-man Karvina in the Karvina Czech League on Saturday. The forward, who replaced Oscar Dorley in the 46th minute, scored his team’s winner in the 85th minute. In the French Ferminine Division 1, Super Falcons goalkeeper, Chiamaka Nnadozie, conceded five goals as Paris FC lost 5-0 at home to Olympique Lyonnais Féminin on Saturday. Former Super Falcons captain, Desire Oparanozie, provided three assists as Dijon FCO recorded a 3-2 comeback win over Soyaux-Charente. The Nigerian played all 90 minutes. Source ENGLANDNigeria’s quartet of Alex Iwobi, Odion Ighalo, Kelechi Iheanacho and Wilfred Ndidi will be in action in the English Premier League this weekend for their various clubs. There are doubts over Alex Iwobi after sustaining a hamstring injury in Everton’s away loss to Tottenham midweek and it is unclear if… July 11, 2020 In "Sports" Egypt superstar Mohamed Salah became the third fastest Liverpool player to reach 100 goals by putting the Reds ahead a second time in a drawn Merseyside thriller against Everton at the weekend. The 28-year-old, who moved to Anfield from Roma three years ago, is the third quickest goals centurion after… October 19, 2020 In "Sports" Milan (Italy) - AC Milan have a tough match at Atalanta on Sunday, yet there appears to be more focus on how the club will perform in the upcoming January transfer window. This is in the wake of a miserable first half of the season. There has already been one… December 19, 2019 In "Sports"