Youths in Niger State have lamented the incessant killings in the state without any meaningful intervention by the state government.  The youth, who took to the social media, said they have a ‘Ghost Governor’ in the state. The youth compared the Governor with his counterparts in Kaduna, Borno and Zamfara and said he falls behind and does not measure up to them. One of the Facebook posts by Farida Bosso reads: “Bandits are killing people in Niger State communities. In Kaduna State, we saw El-rufai present in most scenes; Zulum is on every scene in his state, same with Mutawali of Zamfara State. But in Niger State, we have a Ghost.” Khadijah Sumbo said: “Stop comparing El-Rufai and Zulum to your governor.” Kabiru Pawa said: “We have a ghost governor in Niger State.” Tafida Jibidiga said: “Lolo is a failed governor. If you witness the scene of these killings, you will understand why we are saying all these.” Sagir Shehu said: “He is busy attending APC registration and realisation exercise than to concern himself about his state.” Yahaya Ibrahim said: “The Governor we have in Niger State, is he a governor? He doesn’t care. To pay salaries, he cannot, is it to protect the people that he will do? Kidnappers are busy kidnapping people along kwakuti to Lambata road since Friday, what has the government done?” Umar Idris said: “Actually, we do not even have a governor in Niger State.” The youth were reacting to the recent killing of over 21 villagers and abduction of 40 people in four communities in Shiroro Local Government Area of Niger State. The Nation gathered that the Governor has not gone to visit those who have been displaced by this attack to condole and sympathise with them.  Source THE Nigerian Bar Association in an audacious move and a very classic naming and shaming act has withdrawn its invitation to Kaduna State governor, Nasir el-Rufai, to speak at its conference following protests from some lawyers. The tweet on Thursday announcing the decision read, “The National Executive Committee of the… In "Opinion" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Kaduna state branch of Muslim Lawyers Association of Nigeria (MULAN) has announced its withdrawal from the forthcoming annual general conference of the Nigerian Bar Association over the dis-invitation of the State Governor, Nasir El-Rufai, as one of the Speakers at the conference. At a press… In "Top Stories" Northern leaders, including state governors and traditional rulers, on Monday met in Kaduna, where they condemned #EndSARS protests.   Their positions on the protests were contained in a communiqué issued after the meeting and read by the Chairman of the Northern Governors’ Forum and Governor of Plateau State, Simon Lalong.… In "News"