The Special Adviser to Governor Abdullahi Ganduje on Media, Salihu Yakasai, has said that the government of the All Progressives Congress at all levels have failed Nigerians in the duty to protect lives and properties. Yakasai said this amid the abduction of over 300 schoolgirls from Government Girls Secondary School, Jangebe in the Talata-Mafara Local Government Area of Zamfara State, which happened on Friday. In a post on his verified Twitter handle, Yakasai lamented the security issue in the country, describing it as a shame. “Clearly, we as APC government, at all levels, have failed Nigerians in the number 1 duty we were elected to do which is to secure lives & properties. Not a single day goes by without some sort of insecurity in this land. This is a shame! Deal with terrorists decisively or resign,” he wrote.  One Twitter user, @Jayb_10, criticised the northern elites over their attitude in the face of the situation. He said, “The uncritical, appeasing, docile, and patronizing attitude of the northern elite when one of their own is at the helm is the north’s gravest undoing. It will continue to birth the massive underdevelopment that the north perennially represents. We’re in a mess!” Yakasai who agreed with the Twitter user imagined what would have happened had it been the current situation was witnessed during previous administrations led by non-northerners. “I completely agree. Hypocrisy is in our dna. Imagine what’s happening in the North now was under GEJ or OBJ, sai dai ka ji ana makiyin arewa ne, makiyin musulmi ne, but here we are, being ravaged by all sorts of insecurity but no collective rage, sai useless lamentations. SMDH,” he wrote in response to @Jayb_10 Punch Salihu Yakasai, popularly known as Dawisu, the Special Adviser on Media to the Kano state government has stated that the ruling All Progressive Congress, APC has failed Nigerians while reacting to the abduction of 300 schoolgirls in Zamfara. He said this via his Twitter account. He added that those in… In "Politics" Abdullahi Ganduje, the Kano State Governor, has suspended his Special Adviser on Media, Salihu Yakasai.   Yakassai was suspended for criticising the President, Muhammadu Buhari, The PUNCH reports.   The PUNCH had earlier reported that Yakasai lambasted Buhari for not addressing Nigerians amid the national outrage as well as days… In "Politics" Nigerians have taken to social media to call for President Muhammadu Buhari's impeachment following the murder of an All Progressives Congress chairman, Philip Shekwo in Nasarawa state. This comes as banditary, kidnapping and terrorism continue to worsen in the north. Social media users who are tired of Buhari issuing statements… In "Politics"