The Texas Department of Criminal Justice (TDCJ) is mourning the loss of a Nigerian employee who lost her life to the dreaded COVID-19.  Correctional Officer IV Tawiwo Obele, 68, tested positive for COVID-19 in unit mass testing on January 31, 2021. Obele, who was assigned to the Beto Unit in Palestine, was hospitalized in Palestine on February 9, 2021 with COVID symptoms but was released the same day. She later fell ill and had to be transported to a Tyler hospital. She died in the early morning hours of February 16, 2021. Mourning her, TDCJ Executive Director Bryan Collier said: “Nearly a year into the COVID pandemic the losses to the TDCJ family continue “Every loss has been a tragic moment for the agency and all of us who are a part of that family. “Officer Obele had a zest for life that was obvious to all. Our thoughts and prayers are with the Obele family and friends.” “Officer Obele was a well-respected faithful teammate who was a known as a mother figure to all,” said Kirt Stiefer, TDCJ Beto Unit Senior Warden. “She would often pray with others and enjoyed sharing her passion of Christ. Officer Obele will be truly missed by the many that were blessed by having her in their lives.” The Texas Department of Criminal Justice has had forty employees who have died in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic.  Source By Oluwafunke Ishola Medical team at Lagos University Teaching Hospital (LUTH) with twins delivered by a mother who tested positive to COVID-19. Photo Source: @LUTHofficialWith an estimated 6.4 million babies to be born in Nigeria during the Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic, many expectant women who should be glad at the… In "Health" •Boss Mustapha, Chairman, PTF on COVID-19 The week of 7th (Monday) to 13th (Sunday) December, 2020 (i.e. last week) is an unforgettable week of bad and sad news. Prior to this remarkably sad week, the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) had observed that "since the beginning of September to… In "column - Friday" Benin - Gov. Godwin Obaseki of Edo, on Thursday, extended the dusk-to dawn curfew from 8 p.m. to 6 a.m. for another 14 days. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Obaseki, had on April 19, announced a 10-day dusk to dawn curfew to contain the spread of COVID-19… In "Politics"