A motorist who knocked a Police Inspector into a canal while fleeing arrest for driving against traffic has been arrested, the police said Thursday. A viral 52-second video showed moment the driver, identified as Sunday Okodo, 38, who was reversing to escape a team of officers hit the policeman, David Zapania, from behind and tossed him into the canal. The video sparked outrage against the driver and the enforcement team with social media users condemning both sides for being lawless. While the driver was rebuked for breaching the traffic law and attempting to evade arrest, the officers were condemned for being crude and in their manner of arrest with many wondering if they intention was to bring the driver to book or make money for themselves. Reacting to the video, spokesman, Olumuyiwa Adejobi, the incident occurred around 5:30pm on Wednesday along the International Airport (MMIA) Road. He confirmed that the Inspector was rescued from the canal, rushed to the hospital where he was treated and discharged. “The Police Inspector involved in an accident in a viral video where a driver of Toyota SUV hit and injured a policeman is alive and healthy. “The incident occurred on Wednesday 24/2/21 at about 1730hrs, when some LASTMA personnel backed up by the police on enforcement duty contravened a Toyota SUV, driving against traffic along International Airport Road. “The driver resisted arrest and while trying to escape, a police Inspector, David Zapania was knocked down from the bridge. He fell into a canal and sustained fracture on his left hand. “He was rescued and rushed to the Lagos State Emergency and Trauma Center where he was attended to and discharged. “The reckless driver, Sunday Okodo, 38, of Alose close, Bony Crescent, Apapa, has been arrested and his vehicle impounded. The driver will be arraigned before a mobile court at Oshodi. “The Commissioner of Police, Lagos State, CP Hakeem Odumosu, has sympathised with the policeman and restated his zero tolerance for gross violation of traffic laws and regulations in the state.” The Nation David Zapaina, the police official who fell from a bridge after a traffic offender tried to evade the authorities has been discharged from hospital and is in stable condition. He, however, sustained a fracture to the hand. The Police Public Relations Officer, Muyiwa Adejobi, said this in a statement titled,… In "News" An Unidentified commercial bus conductor reportedly fainted on Saturday after officials of the Lagos State Traffic Management Authority intercepted his vehicle to arrest him and his driver for violating the state traffic rule in the Maryland area of the state. PUNCH Metro gathered that during the operation, there was an… In "Metro" Many Nigerians on the internet have taken to social media to express mixed reactions over the tipping of a policeman over a bridge by a yet-to-identified driver in Lagos State. In a video that surfaced online, the driver was seen evading arrest by officials of the Lagos State Traffic Management… In "News"