The National Association of Nigerian Students has backed the decision of President Muhammadu Buhari to extend the tenure of Mohammed Adamu as Inspector-General of Police for three months. The students body faulted the leadership of the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA), for instituting legal action against the Presidency, claiming that the tension precipitated by the pervasive insecurity in the country requires that the President exercises discretion in the appointment of a new IGP. NANS President, Comrade Sunday Asefon, at news conference on Monday in Abuja, insisted that the intension of the President, which he said was to avoid hasty appointment that would aggravate the already tensed situation, should be applauded rather than condemned. Asefon also dismissed allegation by an online news report, that the IGP purportedly paid N2 billion as bribe to some persons in the Presidency in order to extend his tenure in office. He said: “The NANS leadership throws its weight behind the intention of the Presidency to extend the tenure of a performing IGP with focus in order to look for a capable replacement that will continue the process of total reform of the NPF in their bid to maximally protect the citizenry in matured manners as obtainable in developed nations of the world. “We equally detest the legal action being instituted by lawyers to truncate a smooth process of transition without considering the inherent benefits to the nation.” He argued that the Presidency decided to extend the tenure of the outgoing IGP after completing his mandatory years in service in order to search for a round peg in a round hole that would continue the unprecedented reforms being introduced into Nigeria policing system by Adamu in line of duty. He said: “At a time when the nation is at the brink of security chaos that leads to nationwide insecurity with criminal activities increasing on daily basis, it is worthy of note that the Nigeria Police Force is being led by a thorough bred officer with the required training to enhance the total reform of the NPF in a more detribalised and professional nature.” He recalled that during the #EndSARS nationwide protests that threatened to capsize the ship of the nation, the outgoing IGP displayed a rare tendency uncommon to African democracies by speedily announcing the ban of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) in line with Nigerian youth and demand by the Nigerian masses among five other demands of #Endsars protesters. He said: “It cannot equally be forgotten soon that this patriotic Inspector General equivocally called on the police nationwide to respect human rights and laws guiding sanity during the enforcement of COVID-19 regulations to stem the tide of the first wave of the pandemic last year.” Asefon who stressed that it was not the first time the tenure of an IGP is extended in Nigeria, said it would be unpatriotic for anyone to maliciously attack him with the intent to tarnish his proven integrity as an effective officer of repute. “The NANS leadership, therefore, decry an unfounded allegation of N2 billion purportedly published by an online news platform as bribe paid by the outgoing IGP to some persons at the Presidency in order to extend his tenure in office,” he said. The Nation The Nigerian Bar Association (NBA) has faulted the decision by President Muhammadu Buhari to extend the tenure of the Inspector General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu. The association has consequently sued at the Federal High Court in Lagos to compel the a reversal of the purported tenure extension. The suit,… In "Features" A Senior Advocate of Nigeria, Mr Ebun-Olu Adegboruwa, has warned that there will be a constitutional crisis in the country if the Inspector General of Police, Abubakar Adamu, stayed in office beyond 12 midnight of February 1, 2021. In an exclusive interview with The PUNCH, Adegboruwa explained that, by law,… In "News" There is suspense in the Nigeria Police Force (NPF) ahead of the service exit date of the Inspector-General, Mr. Abubakar Adamu Mohammed. The suspense is hinged on the fact that it is not clear whether Adamu’s tenure will be extended by President Muhammadu Buhari. Some power brokers were said to… In "News"