Suspected Boko Haram terrorists have abducted three officers of the Nigeria Custom Services in Yobe state. The three officers, according to sources, were kidnapped by the insurgents following Wednesday’s attack on Geidam town in Yobe State. Some of the residents, who spoke to The Nation, informed the insurgents burnt an ambulance belonging to General Hospital Geidam and broke into a shop but no casualty was recorded during the attack. Yobe Police Public Relation Officer Dungus Abdulkarim confirmed the attack on Geidam town. He informed the attack was repelled by a heavy fire of the military. “My men on the ground informed me that the attack was repelled by the Army ground troop with Airforce support. The information I got was that there was no casualty in the attack,” ASP Dungus informed. The police spokesman however refused to comment on the abduction of the three Customs officers. A credible source however informed the men were in a sad mood following the abduction of their colleagues. “Honestly we are all in a very sad mood with what happened to our colleagues in Geidam. We are with them in prayers,” a custom officer who spoke with our correspondent in confidence because he is not mandated to do so. The Nation Gunmen suspected to be Boko Haram insurgents on Thursday attacked Geidam town in Yobe State. They shot sporadically, causing pandemonium. Sources said the terrorists targeted shops, looting goods before setting the shops ablaze. A resident, Modu Ali, told The Nation that the insurgents also torched the house of a former… In "News" •Boko Haram terrorists Innocent civilians in Katsina and Borno states, on Friday night and Saturday, again came under deadly bandits and terrorists’ attacks, orchestrated by the bloodthirsty criminals. Though the Village Head of Mazoji ward was killed by the bandits in Katsina, it was learnt that the Nigerian Air Force… In "News" Suspected Boko Haram insurgents on Wednesday attacked Geidam, the headquarters of Geidam Local Government Council in Yobe State, 185 kilometers away from Damaturu. Sources told Channels Television that the members of the community earlier had the rumour of the attack at 1 pm in which most of them fled their… In "News"