MAIDUGURI – Suspected members of the Boko Haram insurgents have attacked and killed at least three persons at the checkpoint along Maiduguri/Gubio highway on Sunday afternoon, sources disclosed. It was learnt that, the insurgents stormed a joint checkpoint between Chabol and Magumeri at about 12:30 noon, killing two policemen and one member of Civilian Joint Task Force. A security source disclosed the attackers burnt one utility vehicle and made away with another after they displaced the security personnel stationed at the joint checkpoint. “The incident occurred at outskirts of Magumeri and Chabol, we have reported that two police officers and a member of CJTF have lost their lives in the ambushed,” security source said. Top CJTF member, Bakura Aliyu, also confirmed to our Correspondent that the insurgents stationed three gun trucks and then fired at the military base located in that area. “We lost three persons including one of our member and policemen, they came to attack a joint checkpoint, burnt a Hilux vehicle and went away with another,” Bakura said. It was gathered that the attackers made away with some ammunition. The incident happened on the same day the newly appointed service chiefs arrived Maiduguri for a meeting on how best to nip the age-long insurgency in the bud. (Daily Trust). By Rabiu Sani Maiduguri -  Nigerian Army on Saturday said its troops killed four Boko Haram insurgents at Malumti village in the fringes of Sambisa Forest. Brig.-Gen. Onyema Nwachukwu, the Deputy Director, Army Public Relations, Operation Lafiya Dole, made the disclosure in a statement in Maiduguri. Nwachukwu stated that the… In "News" By Rabiu Sani Maiduguri -  The Police in Borno have arrested 22 suspected Boko Haram members including those who participated in the abduction of Chibok school girls. The Commissioner of Police, Mr Damian Chukwu, disclosed this while presenting the suspects to Journalists on Wednesday in Maiduguri. The insurgents had in… In "News" By Rabiu Sani   Maiduguri -  Troops of Operation Lafiya Dole have successfully repelled Boko Haram insurgents’ attack at Jakana village in Kaga Local Government Area of Borno. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) gathered that the insurgents coordinated the attack at Jakana barely 12 hours after the troops repelled… In "News"