Proceedings at the Lagos State Judicial Panel of Enquiry and Restitution for Victims of SARS related abuses and other matters degenerated to a shouting match following its decision to return the Lekki Toll Gate plaza to its owners, the Lekki Concession Company. The plaza has been under the control of the panel since it began sitting in October following the #EndSARS protests against police brutality. The Justice Doris Okuwobi-led panel granted LCC permission to repossess the plaza after taking arguments for and against the application made by counsel to the LCC Ltd, Demola Seriki for the re-opening of the facility. The other four members who sat with Justice Okuwobi are Segun Awosanya (Popularly known as Segalink), Oluwatoyin Odusanya (Director, Citizens right), DIG Taiwo Lakanu ( representing the police) and Lucas Koyejo (from the National Human Rights Commission). Following her decision, the judge and her team rose, as the other absent members walked in and proceeded to deliver their dissenting ruling. The dissenters are: Senior Advocate of Nigeria (SAN) Mr Ebun-Olu Adegboruwa, representing the Civil Society, Ms. Patience Udoh representing the Civil Society, Rinu Oduala and Temitope Majekodunmi, representing #EndSARS protesters. Their intention to read their dissenting ruling was interrupted by LCC lawyer, Mr Rotimi Seriki and Lagos State Counsel, Mr Enitan Thomas following which a shouting match ensued. Punch By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja(Sundiata Post) -  The Lagos State judicial panel of inquiry into brutality and high handedness by the now-disbanded Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) unit of the Nigeria Police Force (NPF) is currently at the Lekki Toll Gate on inspection. The panel is at the scene for inspection and… In "Top Stories" The Management of the Lekki Concession Company (LCC) on Friday told the Lagos State Judicial Judicial Panel of Inquiry for Restitution for Victims of SARS and related abuses and Other Matters that the footage of the Oct. 20 shootings of the #EndSARS protesters by the Nigerian Army is available.  … In "News" The Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the alleged shootings of #EndSARS protesters by soldiers on October 20, 2020 at the Lekki tollgate in Lagos has declined the request by the operators of the tollgate, Lekki Concession Company, to “take back possession” of the tollgate.   The Chairman of the panel,… In "News"