Kogi State Governor, Yahaya Bello has stated that over 25 million people have indicated interest in joining the ruling All Progressives Congress.  Bello said this at his country home polling unit 11 Agassa, Ahachi, Okeneba ward in Okene Local Government Area after flagging off the All Progressive Congress (APC) membership registration and revalidation exercise in the state.  The Governor averred that this is in line with President Muhammadu Buhari’s directive of rebuilding the party from bottom-up. He Said; “We are registering and validating members into our party. People make the party. President Buhari has advised us to rebuild the party from bottom up. I have received nothing less than 25 million people that are ready to join the party. “We are charged to mobilise, sensitize, educate all Nigerian citizen those that are in the party and those that are not in the party to join APC, all the youths, women those in other political party come and join the party. It is only in APC that you can realised your dream.”  Source Kogi State Governor, Yahaya Bello, believes more governors from the main opposition party, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) will join the All Progressives Congress (APC). Following the defection of the Ebonyi State Governor, David Umahi, from the PDP to the APC, Governor Bello stated that the ruling party would welcome… In "Politics" Even before the ballot for the November 2019 gubernatorial election is cast, the All Progressives Congress (APC) is already on its way to losing Kogi State. One would think the APC have learned their lessons from the mistakes they made in Zamfara and Rivers that cost them dearly in those states, but… In "Opinion" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Group under the auspices of the APC Justice Forum/Buhari Support Group (Kogi State) has rejected the adoption of indirect primaries recommended by the All Progressives Congress’ National Working Committee (NWC) for the August 16 governorship election in Kogi State. The group which informed… In "Politics"