Herdsmen didn’t attack Nobel Laureate, Prof Wole Soyinka but only trespassed on his unfenced compound, a close associate, Dr Olu Agunloye, has stated. The former Minister of State for Defence, in a statement on Wednesday titled: ‘Herdsmen did not attack Prof Soyinka’, also said the trespassing herdsmen have been arrested by the police. Agunloye said: “The trending story that herdsmen went to attack Prof Wole Soyinka in his house in Abeokuta is not true. Herdsmen did not break into his house. There were no attacks and no attempts to attack the Nobel Laureate. “What happened was that herdsmen led their cattle to graze in Prof Soyinka’s unfenced compound again yesterday despite his strong warnings to the herdsmen. “Prof Soyinka has been living in the forest at the outskirt of Abeokuta in Area designated as GRA since late 1980s. However, in recent times cattle herders have desecrated the grounds of Professor Soyinka’s compound by flooding it with cows. The Professor summoned the herdsmen and sternly warned them to stop the ugly practice. He told them in very clear terms that it was unacceptable. “However, the herdsmen broke the rules yesterday thinking that Prof Soyinka was not home. When the Prof accosted them, they fled into the bush leaving their cows behind. Prof Soyinka reported the incident to the Police which later arrested the herdsmen and their cows. “We can say categorically that Prof Soyinka and his house were not physically attacked but his compound was violated by recalcitrant herdsmen who wanted to turn his compound to a grazing field. Prof Soyinka and his family remain okay in their Abeokuta home.” The Nation The residence of Professor Wole Soyinka, Nigeria's Nobel Laurette, has been attacked in Abeokuta by Fulani herdsmen. According to SaharaReporters, the Southern and Middle Belt Forum has now condemned the attack on the Abeokuta residence of the Nobel Laurette which took place on Tuesday. It was learnt that Soyinka had… In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Nobel Laureate, Prof Wole Soyinka, has added his voice to the growing opposition against federal government’s proposal to establish Ruga settlements across the nation for herdsmen. Speaking in Lagos on Tuesday at the launch of United Nations’ Solutions 17 SDG programme, Soyinka berated the federal government… In "News" By Bolaji Buhari Lagos -   Nobel Laureate, Prof. Wole Soyinka, on Thursday condemned the spate of killings and kidnappings in several parts of the country. Soyinka made the condemnation in Lagos while speaking at a programme “The Ripples Dialogue :Rebuilding a Divided Nigeria. ” He described wanton killings of… In "Top Stories"