The House of Representatives has stated the Nigeria National Petroleum Corporation(NNPC) must account for N1.3 trillion, which it allegedly illegally deducted from the Federation Account in 2017.  Chairman of the House Public Accounts Committee, Wole Oke, stated this while quizzing the Accountant General of the Federation on unauthorised deduction from Federation Account by revenue collecting agencies in that year. He said it was improper that NNPC could take the money without any questions asked. Read Also: Reps to FG: lift ban on employment in varsitiesAccording to him: “They just take money and nobody to ask questions. Even the Accountant General cannot ask questions. NNPC has to account for the money. “Aside illegally taking the money, which violates section 162 of the constitution, they should rather account. What did they do with the money,” he queried. The Committee also queried the Accountant General over inadequate disclosure of aids and grants to agencies amounting to N6.6 billion in the same year. It directed the Accountant General to provide a list of beneficiaries of the donations.  Source A house of representatives panel says it has uncovered public funds outside the treasury single account (TSA) to the tune of $995.71 million. The ad hoc committee on the need to ascertain the proceeds of the treasury single account made the submission in its report considered and adopted by the… In "Top Stories" Following an alleged illegal withdrawal of $1.05 billion from Nigeria Liquefied Natural Gas (NLNG) account by the Nigeria National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) without its knowledge and appropriation, the House of Representatives has concluded plans to commence an investigation into the matter. To this effect, Speaker of the House, Femi Gbajabiamila… In "News" The Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) has denied allegations it did not remit N21bn revenue from Nigeria Liquefied Natural Gas (NLNG) to the Federation Account. Its Group Managing Director (GMD) Mele Kyari dismissed the allegation as pedestrian and false. The Revenue Mobilisation Allocation and Fiscal Commission (RMAFC) had in a… In "Business"