The Edo State House Assembly has read a letter of resignation from two All Progressives Congress, APC, lawmakers in Edo state expressing their desire to join another party.  The two lawmakers are the former Deputy Speaker of the House and member representing Akoko-Edo 1, Yekini Idaiye and the member representing Orhionmwon East Constituency, Hon Nosayaba Okunbor. Speaker of the House, Rt. Hon. Marcus Onobun, during the house sitting on Monday read their letters of resignation from APC on the floor of the house. According to Yekini Idaiye’s letter; May I use this medium to inform you of my resignation as a member of APC. “I took this decision because of internal crisis in the party from my ward to the local government level which led to the factions in the party for some time now. “It is on this note that I have decided to resign my membership of the APC and officially defect to the PDP.” Hon Nosayaba Okunbor ‘s letter reads; this is to formally inform you of my decision to resign my membership of APC. “This decision is sequel to the division within the party which has become intractable. “I have made strenuous efforts to ensure that this division within the party is reconciled in line with the provision of the party’s constitution, but to no avail as the leadership of the party has simply refused to allow the issues involved to be adjudicated upon. “Consequently, I have no other option than to resign my membership as a lean Liberty they say is better than fat slavery,”. Onobun welcomed the lawmakers to the PDP and commended their desire to work with the state governor in making Edo great again. Meanwhile, the House adopted a resolution calling on the state commissioner of police and other relevant security agencies to address the menace of armed hoodlums unleashing terror in Orhionmwon, Esan west and other parts of the State. Source Benin - The Speaker of Edo House of Assembly, Mr Frank Okiye, on Monday inaugurated two more members-elect bringing the number of members inaugurated to 11 out of 24. Okiye administered the oath of allegiance on the members-elect at an emergency sitting in Benin. The members-elect are Mr Emmanuel Okoduwa… In "Politics" Jagaba Adams, (Kagarko/Kachia) who was a member of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) has formerly decamped to the House of Representatives on Thursday, February 8, when he identified himself as a member of the opposition People’s Democratic Party (PDP) The lawmaker made this former declaration while contributing to a… In "Top Stories" The Speaker disclosed this on Tuesday during the Peoples Democratic party (PDP) campaign rally for the September 19, 2020 Governorship election in Edo State at Ward 3 in Akoko-Edo Local Government Area of the State. The clarification was in response to sponsored reports that Edo Assembly Deputy speaker, Hon Yekini… In "Politics"