A Nigerian economist who was yesterday named as the Director General of the World Trade Organisation, Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala has broken her silence over ex-US president Donald Trump’s decision not to support her candidature.  The Nigeria’s former Finance Minister, said she was surprised that the administration of President Donald Trump could stand in her way of leading the World Trade Organisation (WTO). At a press briefing, the new Director-General of WTO said she did not see it coming. She said she felt she had a good understanding with the US government which interviewed her about the job twice. “I think I was quite surprised when that came (opposition from Trump) because there was no indication that there was any problem with the US. “I had two good interviews with the authorities and with the administration so it was a surprise. But that’s the way life works. When things happen, you take them in your stride and you move on. “It was absolutely wonderful when the Biden/Harris administration broke that logjam. They joined the consensus and gave such a strong endorsement to my candidacy. They joined the other 163 members to endorse my candidacy,” she said. The United States government had last week announced its endorsement of Mrs Okonjo-Iweala for the top job. It became clear earlier on Friday that Okonjo-Iweala, a former World Bank executive, would clinch the coveted post after her final challenger, South Korean Trade Minister and candidate, Yoo Myung-hee, announced her withdrawal. Although 163 member countries had elected Okonjo-Iweala in October, the US under Trump was critical of WTO’s handling of global trade, saying South Korea’s Yoo Myung-hee could reform the body. The four-month selection process for the next WTO director-general hit a road block when Washington said it would continue to back South Korea’s trade minister. The US had said WTO “must be led by someone with real, hands-on experience in the field”. “Ms Yoo has distinguished herself as a trade expert and has all the skills necessary to be an effective leader of the organisation. “This is a very difficult time for the WTO and international trade. There have been no multilateral tariff negotiations in 25 years, the dispute settlement system has gotten out of control, and too few members fulfill basic transparency obligations. The WTO is badly in need of major reform,” said the office of US Trade Representative, which advises Trump.  Source Nigerians have taken to the social media to blast the President Donald Trump administration for opposing Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala as the consensus candidate for the post of director-general of the World Trade Organisation.   Many Nigerians had expressed delight when key WTO ambassadors led by New Zealand’s Ambassador David Walker… In "News" •Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala  ABUJA - Former Minister of Finance, Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, has thanked Nigerians and President Muhammadu Buhari for their support following her emergence as the sole candidate for the top job at the World Trade Organisation (WTO). She also extended her appreciation to the United States government after… In "Top Stories" The appointment of Nigeria's Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala as the next Director-General of the World Trade Organisation will be announced next week. This was contained in a statement posted on the organisation's website on Tuesday titled, ‘WTO General Council to consider appointment of next Director-General’. The body announced that it would hold… In "News"