The renewed foreign rice smuggling into the Country is threatening the N3.4 trillion investments in rice processing sub-sector of the economy, the Director General of the Rice Processors Association of Nigeria (RIPAN) Mr Andy Ekwelem has said. Mr Ekwelem, who disclosed this at a news conference held in Abuja weekend, warned that if not checked, the gains already recorded may be eroded just as over thirteen (13) million jobs may be lost in the rice value chain. He said imported rice has flooded Nigerian markets despite the ban imposed on the product by government to encourage local production and self-sufficiency. He called for the criminalization of the possession and sale of foreign rice in the country, adding that renewed fortification of our borders by the customs and other security agencies would go a long way in checking the rising trend. According to him, the new trend is now a source of concern not only to processors who are struggling to compete with their counterparts abroad in terms of quality, but also to growers who are apprehensive that if the trend continues, may be forced out of business. However investigations have revealed that the recent reopening of some land borders has aggravated the illegal importation of the commodity. President Muhammadu Buhari had in December, 2020, directed that the four land borders that were closed in 2019 be reopened, precipitating the current upsurge in the illegal business. Source By Chidinma Agu   Lagos,   -      The Elephant Group Plc., a leading agro-allied company, says it supports the planned closure of land borders by the Federal Government to stop smuggling of foreign rice into Nigeria. The group’s Media Consultant, Mr Babatunde Ajibola, disclosed this in an interview… In "News" By Ginika Okoye   Abuja -   The Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, Chief Audu Ogbeh, says the Federal Government has set aside an intervention fund to support rice farmers, millers and marketers. Ogbeh made this known to newsmen at the end of a closed-door meeting with rice farmers,… In "Business" ...Says reopening must be based on terms, conditions Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) Governor, Mr. Godwin Emefiele, yesterday listed the gains of border closure since August to include boosting domestic trade, job creation and enhancing Nigeria’s economic policies. Though he said he was not an advocate… In "News"