The Department of State Security (DSS) has taken over the mosque and residence of Kano-based controversial preacher Abduljabar Nasiru Kabara. Kano Government had debarred Kabara from preaching in the state for his mode of teachings considered too violent and inciting. The State Security took the measure, The Nation learnt, to prevent the Sheikh’s followers from coming on protest or anything that could hurt public peace. The Qadirriya house where the Sheikh was born, sometime in 2008, witnessed heavy military and mobile policemen following threat to peace. His followers were also prohibited from carrying out their annual Mauqibi religious festival. Commissioner for Information, Malam Muhammad Garba, said the government took the decision to avoid creating tension in the State. He also announced all seminaries run by the clergyman would be shut down pending investigation by security agencies. Garba further stated that the council has directed all broadcast stations and social media platforms to abstain from airing such enflaming preaching, sermons, propagation and any other religious discussions in the interest of peace and tranquility in the State. The Commissioner also revealed security agencies have been directed to ensure full compliance and take decisive action against any person or group found flouting the order. However, heavily armed DSS personnel were on Thursday seen at strategic locations around the Sheikh’s places of worship to ensure peace. The Nation It is with a heavy heart that the Ulama Forum makes this press statement, which reflects the deep worries of its members over the deteriorating trend of insecurity in the country, particularly in Northern Nigeria. The Ulama Forum is a collaborative forum of Scholars, Academics, Professionals and leaders of Muslim… In "News" By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari says his administration will investigate and bring to book all perpetrators of mayhem across the country, reiterating that no religion or civilised culture tolerates violence, especially the taking of another person’s life. The president made the promise when he met separately with… In "Top Stories" The high-flying Islamic scholar Sheikh Dahiru Bauchi is one very lucky man, having miraculously escaped death twice in less than a month in Kaduna. Both attacks against the Sheikh were carried out using explosive devices, one of which was executed by a suicide bomber. Dozens of people were killed in… In "News"