The Ooni of Ife, Oba Adeyeye Ogunwusi, has accepted the apology tendered by popular Yoruba rights activist, Sunday Adeyemo, aka Sunday Igboho. He said Igboho, who apologised on Wednesday in a viral video for declaring the Ooni disappointed Yoruba nation for not speaking the truth on herdsmen killings in South West during a recent visit to President Muhammadu Buhari, is forgiven. Director of Media and Public Affairs, Ooni’s palace, Mr Moses Olafare, told The Nation Sunday Igboho remains the son of Ooni. He said: “He has forgiven him as he had tendered an apology via a video clip he produced via social media yesterday evening. “Before tendering the apology, it was the Olugbon of Ile-igbon that first called and informed Arole Oodua on the phone that he had scolded Sunday on phone on his misdeeds and that, he would soon tender an apology to him on the matter. Sunday Igboho later released a video in which he tendered the apology. “Even though the way and manner, Sunday behaved was sacrilege to the Oduduwa throne but he has already apologised and I can confirm that Arole Oodua forgiven him, because, there is no perfection in humanity. Sunday is a human being like a normal human being who could misbehave as well”. He went on: “As the father of all, the Arole Oduduwa Olofin Adimula, Ooni Adeyeye Enitan Ogunwusi Ojaja II remains his father who had even identified with him in the past two weeks he has begun with the struggle and he is still solidly behind him for the liberation of the Yorubas from criminal herdsmen who have adamantly terrorised our land.” The Nation Yoruba leaders and elders under the aegis of Yoruba World Assembly have tendered an apology to the Ooni of Ife, Oba Adeyeye Enitan Ogunwusi for what they described as the youthful exuberance displayed by the popular Yoruba youth activist, Mr. Sunday Adeyemo also known as Sunday Igboho. The group promised… In "News" Popular Yoruba rights activist, Sunday Adeyemo aka Sunday Igboho, has hit the Ooni of Ife, Oba Adeyeye Ogunwusi, for allegedly failing to represent the Yoruba nation well during his recent meeting with President Muhammadu Buhari on killer herdsmen in the South West. The monarch, he alleged, didn’t communicate the anger… In "Features" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Sunday Adeyemo, better known as Sunday Igboho, has described Enitan Ogunwusi, the Ooni of Ife; Bola Tinubu, APC national leader, and Seyi Makinde, Oyo state governor, as Fulani slaves. Igboho also flayed some Yoruba leaders, including traditional rulers, alleging that have not shown enough support for… In "Top Stories"