IBADAN – Oyo State Universal Basic Education Board (SUBEB) has commenced training of language teachers and non-formal education centres facilitators across the State. This, the government revealed is in partial fulfilment of the execution of Better Education Service Delivery for All (BESDA) in the State. The Executive Chairman, Oyo State Universal Basic Education Board, Dr. Nureni Adeniran stated that the programme was facilitated in conjunction with the World Bank and the Universal Basic Education Commission, in order to ensure the facilitators are well trained for the task ahead. He said this at Lagelu Grammar school, Ibadan during the flag off of the training which is taking place at different centres with participants drawn from twenty-one Local Government areas targeted for BESDA programme in the State. Adeniran explained that the training was also meant to prepare the facilitators on necessary lessons, observation checklist, stimulate pupils’ interest in subjects, cultivate thinking skills, and mastery of content and lesson plans. According to Adeniran, the training will also bring sanity into the learning process through improvement of teaching methods, and eradication of out of school children from the streets in Oyo State. Dr. Adeniran further revealed that the programme is targeted towards children within school age, who either do not have access to schools or are drop-outs from public schools. He said the programme also targets children in Islamic schools, adding that the training intends transform them, make them literate and fortify them with basic knowledge at their centres. He said, “This exercise is crucial to the basic education sector of Oyo State and is taking place across the 21 Local Government Areas of the state”. “We hope that this will certainly enable our non-formal facilitators gain knowledge of new teaching methods as it is applicable to BESDA. This will also take the education system to greater heights in our dear State,” he said. He commended Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State for giving priority to the education sector, adding that his immense support has given the Board an edge in the fight against out of school children littering the streets. By Ibukun Emiola Ibadan - The Oyo State government, on Friday, commenced the implementation of Better Education Service Delivery for All (BESDA) to reduce illiteracy and enhance access to quality education. The state Governor, Mr Seyi Makinde, stated this at a policy dialogue workshop on the implementation of BESDA in… In "News" By Ibukun Emiola Ibadan - The Oyo State Universal Basic Education Board (SUBEB) on Friday threatened to terminate all uncompleted and unexecuted contracts, three years after they were awarded. Oyo SUBEB’s Executive Chairman, Dr Nureni Adeniran, said this in a statement issued by the Board’s Spokesman, Michael Ogunsina, in Ibadan.… In "Education" By Ibukun Emiola Ibadan - Dr Nureni Adeniran, Executive Chairman, Oyo State Universal Basic Education Board (SUBEB), says the administration of Gov. Seyi Makinde is not owing primary school teachers salaries. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Adeniran made this known on Tuesday while inspecting on-going Federal Government… In "News"