By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Minister of Transportation, Rt.Hon. Chibuike Rotimi Amaechi has said that the ministry would support the Nigerian Shipper’s Council (NSC) in ensuring compliance, implementation and enforcement of the Nigerian Port Process Manual (NPPM) to reduce corruption in the maritime sector. It would be recalled that the Federal Government upon recommendation of the Federal Ministry of Transportation, had in Dec. 2020 appointed the Nigerian Shipper’s Council as the lead agency in the implementation of Nigerian Port Process Manual (NPPM). According to the statement signed by the Media Assistant To Honourable Minister of Transport, Mrs Taiye Elebiyo-Edeni made available to Sundiata Post, Amaechi stated this during the stakeholders meeting organised by Nigerian Shipper’s Council held in Abuja. He said that the Process Manual on Port Operations is expected to be one of the key indicators for the effective implementation of Executive Order 1 issued in 2017, aimed at promoting transparency and efficiency in the business environment. Amaechi said that the successful implementation of the NPPM, would complement the modernisation of critical transport infrastructure being driven by the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari through rail and port. “The maritime sector offers the best alternative for economic diversification as It has the potential for employment, investments, and as an outlet for the facilitation and strengthening of Nigeria’s international trade. “Nigeria’s Shippers Council (NSC) Is to drive the process and implementation of the Process Manual; however, I urge Regulatory Authorities, operational agencies, service providers, users of shipping services and other stakeholders to support and comply with Government’s extant directives and the provisions of the NPPM. “The NSC being the lead agency for the implementation of the Manual, shall coordinate the implementation of the Manual and ensure strict compliance with the rules. NSC also reserves the right to handout sanctions to any agency, service providers and users of shipping services for noncompliance as provided under its economic regulatory mandate. “The Ministry shall lend its support to the NSC in ensuring compliance with the Manual by all stakeholders, not only in the implementation of the Manual but in other areas such as enforcement. “ Speaking, the Executive Secretary of NSC, Hassan Bello said that the sensitization meeting is aimed at securing the support and collaboration of regulatory agencies, service providers and users of port services. “The NSC does not see the appointment as conferring any superiority over other regulatory agencies or stakeholders but consider it as an act of service towards achieving government desire of eradicating corruption at the port in order to promote ease of doing business in the transportation industry in Nigeria.” Kaduna,   - The Minister of Transport, Mr Chibuike Amaechi, on Friday urged maritime stakeholders and trading associations to take the best advantage of facilities at the Inland Container Depots (ICDs) when fully operational. Amaechi made the plea at a one-day sensitisation programme titled ``Towards the Successful Take-Off of the Kaduna… In "News" By Taiye Elebiyo-Edeni Abuja -  Minister of Transportation, Mr Rotimi Amaechi, says the Federal Government is set to convert Nigeria Shippers Council (NSC) to National Transport Commission (NTC). Amaechi said this at a news conference on the achievement of the ministry on Wednesday in Abuja. He said that the National… In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The Director-General of the Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency (NIMASA), Dr. Dakuku Peterside has disclosed that the Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) and the Port Service Support Portal (PSSP) would enhance efficiency in the maritime sector.  Peterside, who was delivering a goodwill message at the launch… In "NIMASA & Maritime"