The leadership of Ohanaeze Ndigbo led by a factional President, Uche Okwukwu has condemned the physical assault on former governor of Imo State, Sen. Rochas Okorocha by ‘agents’ of Imo State governor; Sen. Hope Uzodinma while effecting arrest of the former governor. In statement personally signed by Okwukwu on Monday and made available to journalists, Okwukwu who described the Sunday melo-drama as politically motivated called on Igbo elders to intervene in the matter urgently. According to Okwukwu, developments of this nature will undermine Ndigbo politically. “On Sunday, 21st February 2021, His Excellency Owelle Rochas Anayo Okorocha was physically attacked and filmed while being “arrested” by agents of Imo State Governor Hope Uzodinma. Ohanaeze Ndigbo unreservedly condemns this politically motivated attack on the highly distinguished Owelle Okorocha who served his people well for eight years as Imo State governor, 2011-2019. Read Also: Don’t take my peaceful disposition for granted, Okorocha warns Uzodimma“Royal Palm Estate remains the private property of Dame Nkechi Rochas Okorocha. Only a court of competent jurisdiction, not a panel of enquiry or legislative assembly, can order the confiscation of a citizen’s property. To the best of our knowledge, no court of competent jurisdiction has so ordered. “Owelle Rochas Okorocha reserves his full right accessing his wife’s property without let or hindrance. Under the law, you cannot break into, or trespass on, your own property. The offending party were state actors who went out of their way to recruit Owelle Okorocha’s political opponents to assault him under the disguise of arresting him. “Ohanaeze Ndigbo demands for his (Okorocha’s) unconditional apologies tendered to him. On the alternative, where he is found to have contravened the law, Ohanaeze demands he be immediately charged to a court of competent jurisdiction to defend himself. “We call on Igbo elders to urgently intervene. They should summon Governor Uzodinma and Owelle Okorocha with the hope of speedily reconciling them. We note with regrets that developments of this nature will undermine Ndigbo politically,” said Okwukwu. The Nation By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Action Alliance (AA) governorship candidate in the last election in Imo State, Chief Uche Nwosu has said that he will support anybody who wins the governorship election petition at the Supreme Court. Nwosu dropped the hint in his New year message in Abuja,… In "Top Stories" By SundiataPOST, Abuja Following the peaceful demonstration carried out by the physically challenged in the state, the Imo state governor, Owelle Rochas Okorocha has called on the physically challenged to sheath their sword and be proactive in their support to the present government. Governor Okorocha stated this in a breakfast… In "News" Youths of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the South East have warned the Imo state Governor, Senator Hope Uzodimma to desist from his campaign of calumy against Senator Rochas Okorocha’s Presidential bid ahead of the 2023 general elections. The group under the South East APC Young Progressives Forum also… In "Politics"