Special forces of the Nigerian police have been deployed to Oyo state following the bloodly clash between Yorubas and Hausas that claimed many lives.  The Inspector-General of Police, IGP M.A Adamu ordered the immediate deployment of Police Intervention and Stabilization Forces to restore peace and reinforce security in Oyo State. Recall that fights broke out in Shasha market in Ibadan between the Yoruba and Hausa communities following a disagreement between members of both tribes, leading to the death of many people. In a statement released by the spokesperson of the Police force, Frank Mba, IGP Adamu charged the Intervention Force with the responsibility of reinforcing and stabilizing security in the state. The IGP also tasked the special forces to prevent further breakdown of law and order and to protect lives and properties. “The Intervention Force is being coordinated by a Deputy Inspector General of Police, DIG David Folawiyo. “The IGP assures that the Force is committed to the safety of lives and properties of the citizens in the country. “He calls on the citizens and residents of Oyo State to embrace peace and cooperate with the Police and the security community as they ensure that peace and security are restored to the affected areas,” the statement read in part. Source ABUJA - Adamu Mohammed, the inspector-general of police, has announced the immediate disbandment of the special anti-robbery squad (SARS) following nationwide protests over its brutality. He made the announcement at a press conference on Sunday afternoon in Abuja. In a statement after the media briefing, Frank Mba, police… In "Top Stories" ....Enjoins Citizens to Cooperate With Security Agencies By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Inspector General of Police, M.A Adamu has directed the Commissioner of Police (CP), Kaduna State Police Command to ensure full enforcement of the curfew imposed by the Kaduna State Government as part of efforts at restoring… In "News" Inspector General of Police Mohammed Adamu has directed Kaduna Commissioner of Police (CP) to ensure full enforcement of the curfew imposed by the State Government on Southern Kaduna owing to recent killings and violence in the area. In a statement by the Force Public Relations Officer, Force Headquarters, Abuja, DCP… In "News"