By Tony Ailenen ABUJA – President Muhammadu Buhari on Friday said his administration will not succumb to blackmails from terrorists. The President stated this in his reaction to reports of abduction of over 300 students of the Government Girls Secondary School, Jangebe in Zamfara State Buhari described the abduction as “inhumane and totally unacceptable”.In a statement signed by the Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu, President Buhari stated that “this administration will not succumb to blackmail by bandits who target innocent school students in the expectations of huge ransom payments.” According to the President, “no criminal group can be too strong to be defeated by the government,” adding that, “the only thing standing between our security forces and the bandits are the rules of engagement.” He continued: “We have the capacity to deploy massive force against the bandits in the villages where they operate, but our limitation is the fear of heavy casualties of innocent villagers and hostages who might be used as human shields by the bandits,” he said, stressing that “our primary objective is to get the hostages safe, alive and unharmed.” Buhari noted that “a hostage crisis is a complex situation that requires maximum patience in order to protect the victims from physical harm or even brutal death at the hands of their captors.” He warned the bandits: “Let them not entertain any illusions that they are more powerful than the government. They shouldn’t mistake our restraint for the humanitarian goals of protecting innocent lives as a weakness or a sign of fear or irresolution.” The President appealed to state governments “to review their policy of rewarding bandits with money and vehicles, warning that the policy might boomerang disastrously.” He also advised states and local governments to be more proactive by improving security around schools and their surroundings. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - President Muhammadu Buhari has commended the nation’s intelligence agencies, the military and Police Force over the release of the kidnapped students of Government Science Secondary School, Kankara, Katsina State. Buhari who gave the commendation in a statement released by his Senior Special Adviser… In "Top Stories" Prominent groups and Nigerians from different walks of life, on Sunday, took a swipe at the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), over Friday’s abduction of students of the Government Science Secondary School, Kankara, Katsina State. Most of those who reacted said Buhari had failed and said they were shocked… In "News" President Muhammadu Buhari has been asked by the Senate on Wednesday, February 17 to declare a state of emergency on insecurity following the abduction of students in Niger State by bandits. The red chamber made the call following a point of order by Senator Sani Musa (APC, Niger East), on… In "News"