Abubakar Kawu Baraje has traced the origin of the current insecurity in the country to the influx of Fulani from neighboring countries like Sierra Leone, Mali, Senegal, Niger and Chad brought into the country for election purposes in 2015. He said this in Ilorin as part of activities to mark his 70th birthday anniversary. He also backed self-help initiatives of the south west governors, stating that re­sponses of Sunday Igboho to the herdsman menace were necessary because the Federal Government failed in its prin­cipal responsibility to secure life and property. On the recent moves by some ruling party, All Progressives Congress (APC) governors to woo former president, Good­luck Jonathan, Baraje said that the ruling party was only wast­ing its time. According to the former PDP chairman, who also once served as the party’s national secretary, chairman of the breakaway faction of PDP that formed the nucleus of the current ruling party, the Fulani men causing havoc in the country are not aboriginal to Nigeria. “We are not asking the right question on how the same Fu­lani we have been leaving with suddenly turned out a menace. “We also must ask how they had access to their guns,” the ex-party chairman asked. Baraje stated the Fulani men wreaking havoc in the country are not the Nigerian Fulani. “The security agencies have not been open about the nature of the problem. “They have made arrests. Why haven’t they told the pub­lic who the terrorists are,” asked Baraje. According to him, the Fu­lani causing security problems in the country were brought in to help facilitate victory in the 2015 election. “After the election, the Fu­lani have refused to leave. I and other like minds wrote and warned those we started APC with that this was going to hap­pen but nobody listened,” he explained. Source: Independent.ng By Emmanuel Mogbede Abuja -  Prominent member of All Progressives Congress (APC), who defected from Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) said addressing their grievances was critical to the party’s victory in 2019 elections. Leader of the group, Alhaji Abubakar Baraje, made this known while speaking with newsmen on Wednesday in Abuja… In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko ABUJA - (Sundiata Post) -  Fear saturated the camp of the All Progressives Congress-led federal government  as different parties and  Political juggernauts converged at Yar'adua centre yesterday and put pen to paper on how to work together to sack President Muhammadu Buhari from Aso Rock come February 2019.… In "News" The ruling Peoples’ Democratic Party (PDP) has said that the membership card of former president, Chief Olusegun Obasanjo had expired even before he tore it publicly last Monday. It would be recalled that former President Olusegun Obasanjo tore his Peoples Democratic Party membership card a week ago.   However, the… In "News"