Nigeria’s apex bank, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has said that it will continue to do all within its regulatory powers to educate Nigerians to desist from use of cryptocurrencies — despite growing criticism. The bank, in a statement on Sunday evening, said it is determined to protect the country’s financial system from activities of “fraudsters and speculators”. Listing various reasons for its action, the central bank said not only are cryptocurrencies issued by unregulated and unlicensed entities, the patrons and users value “anonymity, obscurity, and concealment” and there are risks of “loss of investments, money laundering, terrorism financing, illicit fund flows and criminal activities”. China, Canada, Taiwan, Indonesia, Algeria, Egypt, Morocco, Bolivia, Kyrgyzstan, Ecuador, Saudi Arabia, Jordan, Iran, Bangladesh, Nepal and Cambodia have all placed certain level of restrictions on financial institutions facilitating cryptocurrency transactions, the bank said in the statement signed by Osita Nwanisobi, its acting director of corporate communications. Details later… Source An analyst has said that trading in Cryptocurrencies is not backed by the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) Act which recognizes the naira as the only legal tender in the Nigerian financial system, The Nation reports. The CBN had on Friday, directed Deposit Money Banks (DMBs), Other Financial Institutions (OFIs)… In "Business" Hundreds of Nigerians on Friday angrily protested the ban by the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), earlier in the day, on buying and selling of bitcoin and cryptocurrency in the country. The protesters took to the social media to slam the federal government for what they considered to be a… In "News" Nigeria is the latest country to ban cryptocurrency trading as announced on Friday by the Central Bank of Nigeria. The CBN ordered banks and financial institutions to block bank accounts trading in cryptocurrency, stressing that failure to comply to the directive attracts severe regulator sanctions. Meanwhile, here are five things… In "News"