Immediate past Governor of Imo State, Senator Rochas Okorocha, has been arrested on the orders of the Imo State Government. He was not, however, handcuffed as reported by some news platforms. “Yes, it’s true; he has been arrested,” a top State Government official said this Sunday evening, February 21, 2021. Okorocha has had running battles with incumbent Governor, Senator Hope Uzodimma, and is said to have angered the Governor by forcibly reopening the Royal Palm Estate sealed by the State Government. The State Government had recovered the Royal Palm Estate along Akachi road, Owerri, on Saturday in compliance with directive of the Imo State gazette on the report of the Judicial Commission of Enquiry on recovery of Lands and other related matters. Media reacts, says 1,000 thugs attacked ex-gov Sam Onwuemodo, Okorocha’s media aide issued a statement on the attack.The statement reads:SUBJECT: THE UNEXPECTED, UNPROVOKED & UNWARRANTED ATTACK ON SENATOR ROCHAS OKOROCHAMore than 1000 thugs, armed to teeth with knives and guns and led by Chinasa Nwaneri, governor Hope Uzodinma’s Special Adviser on Special Duties today, Sunday, Feb. 21, 2021, with the backing of armed policemen from Government House, attacked the former governor of the State and Senator representing Imo West Senatorial District, Senator Rochas Okorocha’s Convoy. They attacked and damaged all the Vehicles in his Convoy. They also attacked his personal  aides.Senator Okorocha was with only his personal aides when the thugs unleashed the attack.This is the information we can give as at now.We are still watching events as they unfold.Okorocha has the strongest political structure in the state and teaming followers in the State. If he had expected the attacked, he would not have moved with his personal aides alone.Okorocha has never been a violent man. This planned attack but unprovoked and unwarranted, has opened a new, but ugly chapter in the politics of the State.We shall react fully to the situation. •Sam OnwuemeodoSpecial Adviser (Media) to the former Governor, Senator Rochas Okorocha Former governor of Imo State and member representing Imo West Senatorial District, Owelle Rochas Okorocha has denied having any problem with Governor Hope Uzodinma. The senator said rather, Governor Uzodinma is the one creating problems for himself and also inventing problems where they do not exist. Uzodinma had at the… In "News" Former governor of Imo State and member representing Imo West Senatorial District, Senator Rochas Okorocha has told Governor Hope Uzodimma that his attempt to rename his private university, Eastern Palm University would not stand. The former governor also told the Imo State House of Assembly that its repeal of the… In "News" •Ihedioha and Okorocha OWERRI - Former governor of Imo State, Sen. Rochas Okorocha, has described the state government’s arrest order against him as an open invitation to anarchy in the state. Okorocha said this in a press statement signed by his Special Assistant on Media, Mr. Sam Onwuemeodo, and made… In "Top Stories"