Alhaji Abdulahi Idris Rakieu, a retired Assistant Comptroller of Immigration, has been kidnapped in Abuja alongside his wife, another member of the family, and one Olushola Agun, SaharaReporters reports.  SaharaReporters gathered that the kidnappers, said to be of Fulani extraction, stormed the town, Tungan Maje around midnight on Sunday, and shot indiscriminately into the air before gaining access into the victims’ residence. A source told SaharaReporters that the operation, which lasted about three hours, was carried out by kidnappers dressed in military uniform and speaking Hausa and Fulani (Fulfulde) languages. Some kidnappers had in October 2020 carried out a successful operation in Tunga Maje, abducting 20 people. According to the source, “They kidnapped an immigration officer, his wife and another member of his family with one Mr. Olushola Agun, all in the same location along Bethel Road. The gunshots were better imagined as they were shooting sporadically for three hours. “In all, they took four people, one from the first house and three from another.” On Wednesday, a Punch journalist, Okechukwu Nnodim, was also kidnapped in Abuja and was released on Sunday, showing the Federal Capital Territory is also not safe despite being the seat of the Nigeria government.  Source As many as 15 people have been kidnapped in an Abuja community.   They were on Saturday kidnapped by some gunmen in Kuje Area Council of the Federal Capital Territory, Abuja, while coming from Kabi Mangoro community in the area council, according to SaharaReporters.   SaharaReporters reports that the incident… In "News" By Chukwudi Akasike PORT HARCOURT - Details have emerged about how four immigration officers, who were abducted by pirates along the Bonny waterways in Rivers State, were rescued. The immigration officers, whose identities were not revealed, regained their freedom during a sting operation carried out on Wednesday by the Nigerian… In "Metro" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Chairman of the Pentecostal Fellowship of Nigeria (PFN) Kaduna chapter, Apostle Emmanuel Egoh Bako, who was abducted alongside his wife has said that a ransom of N4.5 million was paid to secure their release from kidnappers.Recall that the cleric and his wife Cindy were kidnapped by… In "Top Stories"