Police have arrested popular comedian Debo Adebayo, also known as Mr Macaroni, at the Lekki toll gate. The comedian joined other protesters at the tollgate to express his dissatisfaction with the decision of the Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry allowing the Lekki Concession Company to reopen the Lekki tollgate on Saturday. Adebayo was arrested after the police told him “we don’t want you here”. In a Live Instagram before his phone and those of other arrested protesters were seized, the comedian lamented that “Lekki is under military rule.” He said, “How did you think the reopening of tollgate is the next line of action? If you didn’t do that today, we won’t have a right to be here. “It is a disrespect to say that you want to reopen at this tollgate. Are you spitting on the graves of the dead? “Na military regime we dey? We also have a right to be heard. We have a right to protest peacefully.” Another protester, Joseph Seye, said, “I am an artist. I am not a criminal. I came here to protest. It is my right. It is not a crime to protest. Why are the government treating youths this way?” The Podium The global rights group, Amnesty International, has collated and released a timeline of the killing of #EndSARS protesters by soldiers at the Lekki tollgate, Lagos on October 20.   The AI said its crisis response experts investigated and verified social media videos and photographs that confirmed the security forces were… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja(Sundiata Post) -  The Lagos State judicial panel of inquiry into brutality and high handedness by the now-disbanded Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) unit of the Nigeria Police Force (NPF) is currently at the Lekki Toll Gate on inspection. The panel is at the scene for inspection and… In "Top Stories" DJ Switch, popular Nigerian Disc Jockey and eye witness of the Lekki Tollgate shootings has been reportedly been granted asylum in Canada after leaving Nigeria over threats. On the 20th of October 2020, the world was left stunned as military men stormed the Lekki Toll Plaza to shoot at unarmed… In "News"