Youths and Sports Minister Sunday Dare has called for the establishment of unemployment benefits for youths within the new social register framework. The minister spoke at a ministerial dialogue on the Nigerian Social Register organised by the Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, in Abuja. He hailed the ministry for organizing the event, saying it was an evidence of the commitment of President Muhammadu Buhari to address unemployment. “There is no country without the poor or those that suffer human disasters. These are mostly women, children, the vulnerable and youths. “This country needs employment benefit for its unemployed youths because of the huge youth population. We need to collaborate to give our youths some comfort. “When you look at the demography, Nigeria has a huge population. The data of the youth is there for everyone to come to terms with. What you have put together will help us to plan and seek for partners. This will put Nigeria on the part of progress.” The Nation By Collins Yakubu-Hammer Abuja - Hajiya Sadiya Umar-Farouq, Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, says no fewer than 473,137 Nigerian youths have been enrolled into the National Social Investment Programme of the Federal Government. Farouq made the disclosure when members of the House of Representatives Committee on… In "News" Abuja -  Sen. Chris Ngige, the Minister of Labour and Employment has called on unemployed Nigerians to register at the online job portal of the Social Intervention Scheme of the Federal Government. Ngige’s call is contained in a statement issued by Mr Samuel Olowookere, the Deputy Director, Press in the… In "News" Abuja  -   The Federal Government says it plans to expose more than two million youths nationwide with innovative products and services to the global market through an online portal, ''Nigeriafy''. The Minister of Youths and Sports Development, Mr Solomon Dalung, said this on Thursday in Abuja at the launching… In "Business"