ABUJA – Contrary to speculations of imminent increase in the price of petrol in the country, the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) has ruled out any increment in the ex-depot price of petrol in March 2021. A statement by the Group General Manager, Group Public Affairs Division, Dr. Kennie Obateru, on Sunday, stated that the Corporation was not contemplating any raise in the price of petrol in March in order not to jeopardise ongoing engagements with organised labour and other stakeholders on an acceptable framework that will not expose the ordinary Nigerian to any hardship. NNPC also cautioned petroleum products marketers not to engage in arbitrary price increase or hoarding of petrol in order not to create artificial scarcity and unnecessary hardship for Nigerians.The Corporation stated that it has enough stock of petrol to keep the nation well supplied for over 40 days and urged motorists to avoid panic buying.It further called on relevant regulatory authorities to step up monitoring of the activities of marketers with a view to sanctioning those involved in products hoarding or arbitrary increase of pump price. The Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) has denied plans to increase fuel price from February. There had been speculations the prices of petroleum products may go up next month as many filling stations sell petrol above the official N162 per litre. But NNPC Group General Manager, Group Public Affairs Division,… In "News" Abuja - The Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, (NNPC) has engaged the Department of State Services (DSS) and Economic and the Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) to stop the hoarding and diversion of petroleum products. This is contained in a statement issued by NNPC’s Group General Manager, Group Public Affairs Division, Mr… In "News" Abuja Sundiata Post) - Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) has advised motorists and other petroleum products consumers to disregard reports about increase in petrol pump price. It said the statement of the Corporation’s Group Managing Director, Mallam Mele Kyari, at the National Assembly on Thursday did not suggest any plan… In "Top Stories"