A leader of the Osun State chapter of the New Nigeria Peoples Party, Mr. Tosin Odeyemi, has urged the All Progressives Congress to prevail on its leaders and members not to disrupt the peace in the state.  Odeyemi gave the warning in a statement, in Osogbo, on Monday, asking APC to resolve the rift between Governor Gboyega Oyetola and his predecessor, Rauf Aregbesola.  He warned the APC not to allow its internal crisis to lead to the breakdown of law and order in the state. The statement read, “It is unfortunate that while the teeming populace of the state is still battling economic crisis due to COVID-19, the ruling party is towing the path of violence as it allows its factional crisis to snowball into public warfare.  “It is also unfortunate that the former Governor and now Minister of Interior, Ogbeni Rauf Aregbesola, can allow sentiments to take over him to make statements capable of heating up the polity unnecessarily. “Our people have enough to battle already than for the ruling party to unleash another political crisis on the masses. A word is enough for the wise!”  Source Pandemonium broke out at Iponda, a town in Obokun local government area of Osun State when members of Peoples’ Democratic allegedly attacked supporters of the All Progressive Congress in the area. The APC members were said to have been attacked when they were celebrating the victory of the candidate of… In "News" The National Leader of All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Tinubu is currently having a closed-door meeting with the Osun State Governor, Adegboyega Oyetola, Minister for Interior, Rauf Aregbesola and former National Chairman of the ruling party, Chief Bisi Akande. The meeting holding at the residence of Chief Akande in… In "News" By Joshua Oladipo Osogbo - The All Progressives Congress (APC) in Osun says the state has reason to hope and trust that the future of the state is safe under the leadership of Gov. Adegboyega Oyetola. The party made this known in a statement issued on Sunday by its spokesman… In "Politics"