Evangelist Mike Bamiloye, the founder of Mount Zion Faith Drama Ministry, has said that any sexual act outside of marriage is a blood covenant with the devil.  The Evangelist said this in a statement titled, ‘The Evening Of Slaughters…In An Abattoir,’ which he issued on February 14 which is Valentine’s Day. According to Bamiloye who wrote on Twitter, there’ll be demonic activities on February 14 which will ruin the lives of many, adding that some ladies will be used as weapons to destroy homes and marriages. He said, “Any sexual act today outside marriage is a conscious blood covenant with the devil. Any sexual act today outside of wedlock is a deliberate stubbornness to trade your destinies on the bed of lust and immorality. “Demons are coming to human markets this evening. Marine spirits are coming for harvests of fluids this evening. Many ladies are visiting the abattoirs of destinies and purpose this evening. Tomorrow Morning, multitudes of young men are left empty and shallow. “Virtues and purpose plundered and ruined by agents of darkness in pretty skins. Ladies with strangely glowing skins that were borrowed from the spirit world to lure the sons of men for a drain of their fluids. “Strangely handsome young men from the other side, with electrifying eyes that mesmerize ladies of weak hearts and shallow minds, arriving clubs and bars in exquisite cars and horses to harvest the souls of girls and ladies for their devil master and make them weapons of mass destructions of homes and marriages. “Many ladies would arise from the lustful bed of roses, possessed with strange hardened heart against God and parents.”  Source Popular Clergyman, Mike Bamiloye has revealed that having multiple sexual partners could result in one ending up with generational curses. Bamiloye stated this in a post he shared on Instagram. According to the clergyman, many men and women have shared in the generational curses and foundational complexities of persons they… In "News" Mike Bamiloye has blamed career and trips abroad for destroying marriages today. Nigerian evangelist and founder of Mount Zion Drama Ministry, Mike Bamiloye, has stated that career is putting couples asunder. The Mount Zion TV founder, who has been active on social media recently blamed career and trips abroad for… In "News" Popular evangelist, Mike Bamiloye has stated that people who are always in a rush to marry usually gets a cousin from Satan himself. The cleric in his post advised young people to be patient and wait for their time as most of them do not really know what it means… In "News"