Police team from Pimpri Chinchwad Police Social Security Cell (SSC) in Maharashtra’s Pune have busted a massive sex racket and rescued 12 Nigerian girls forced into prostitution. Four Nigerian women were arrested during the raid conducted on Tuesday night, February 2, for allegedly running the prostitution racket. Police Commissioner Krishna Prakash said they had received information about foreigners operating prostitution racket from Vakratund building in Omkar Colony in Morya Park, Pimple Gurav, under the Sangvi police station. Acting on the tip-off, four men acting as decoy customers visited the apartment and found that a prostitution racket was being run from there by Nigerian nationals. Accordingly, SSC’s Senior Police Inspector Vitthal Kubde formed a team with police officers Assistant Police Inspector Nilesh Waghmare and Police Sub Inspector Dhairyasheel Solanke to investigate the case. A raid was conducted and 16 Nigerian women were taken into police custody during the raid, of which 12 were released. Valuables worth Rs 82,920 was seized from their possession during the raid. “For the past 20 days, the social security cell had been working on the tip-off. After collecting concrete information, on Tuesday night we sent four decoy customers to the flat in Pimple Gaurav. We planned the raid after getting confirmation from the decoys,” an official told journalists. The 12 rescued Nigerian women have been sheltered at the Rescue Foundation in Hadapsar, Pune after medical examination. The police are verifying the passports and visas of the women and further investigation is underway. The action was taken under the guidance of Commissioner of Police Krishna Prakash, Additional Commissioner of Police Ramnath Pokale, and Deputy Commissioner of Police (Crime) Sudhir Hiremath by a team led by ACP Prerna Katte and Senior Police Inspector Kubde.  Four Nigerian nationals in Nalasopara, Mumbai, India have been arrested with drugs. The drug racket was busted by police and the Nigerians were found with 747 gram high-grade cocaine worth Rs1.49 crore (N5,699,250,000) The accused identified as Agu Osita (28), Urji Phillips (30), Ogona Chukwene (29) and Chris Ajah Chukweneka… In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The National Council of Women’s Societies (NCWS) has called for respect for womanhood by law enforcement authorities. Mrs Gloria Shoda, President of the council, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Wednesday that it was wrong to arrest women and molest them without been tried.… In "News" A mobile court in the Federal Capital Territory, Abuja, on Monday sentenced 27 women to one month in prison for prostitution. The convicts, who were arrested last Wednesday and Thursday, were, however, given an option of N3,000 fine each. Their lawyer, Jennifer Ogbogu, explained that the sex workers pleaded guilty… In "Metro"