….As Buba Galadima accuses governors of being cause of insecurity in the Nigeria By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja ((Sundiata Post) –   The former minister of Education, (a.k.a Madam Due Process) Dr Oby Ezekwesili has said that the people of the South East region of the country believe more in the project-Nigeria more than any other region in the country. This greater stake in the project Nigeria is evident in the massive investment they make in every part of the country they find themselves. She stated this on Thursday at the National Restructure Actualisation Summit held in Abuja. According to her, no region in Nigeria believes in the project Nigeria than the southeast, a situation she claimed is visible through their massive investment in other part of the country She regretted that despite the Igbos putting so much more in the project Nigeria, other regions have failed to acknowledge that. On restructuring, she said there is no better time for restructuring than now, stressing that there should be a conversation that will flow from down to the top if Nigeria must regain her lost glory. On the other hand, a hard line Buhari critic, Engr Buba Galadima has accused the governors of being responsible for insecurity pervading the country, and called on the people to hold their governors to account for the budget. Galadima stressed that the insecurity being witnessed in Nigeria today is man-made. He also condemned the agitation for presidency based on ethnic group saying that what we should focus on is an electoral reform for credible election where the will of the e electorates. Galadima used the opportunity of the National Restructure Actualisation Summit to explain that the nepotic leadership style of President Muhammadu Buhari is not the northern agenda, adding that the north in general is the victim of his mis-governance with Katsina being the worst hit in particular. Details later…  By Ikenna Uwadileke Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Former Anambra governor Chukwuemeka Ezeife on Sunday re-echoed the need to zone the 2023 presidency to the South-East “in the interest of fairness and equity”. Ezeife made the call when some youths, under the aegis of Anambra Youth Diaspora Initiative (AYDI), Abuja Branch,… In "Politics" Governors and people of the South-South geopolitical zone have demanded the restructuring of Nigeria, in line with the principle of true federalism to guarantee peace, security, and stability of the nation. The South-South leaders believe the country is not at peace with itself and not working as it should, particularly… In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Prominent leaders in northern Nigeria have said the region would not succumb to any blackmail or threat of restructuring or breakup of the country. They made this known to Daily Trust while reacting to agitations for breakup and the #EndSARS protest, seen as a plot to… In "Top Stories"