The University of Benin has announced a resumption date for students.  The school has asked students to return to campus on the 1st of February. Schools across the country were shut down for months owing to the coronavirus pandemic coupled with the recently suspended nine-month old ASUU strike which disrupted academic activities. Although UNIBEN had earlier announced January 30 as resumption date, the Edo government halted the process owing to COVID-19 scare despite the federal government earlier giving the nod for schools to reopen January 18. In another statement made available on Tuesday, however, the UNIBEN management announced February 1 as the resumption date for the 2019/2020 academic session. Endorsed by the University spokesperson, Dr. Benedicta Ehanire, the statement directed students to come into the halls of residence on February 1, as lectures, both physical and online, will commence immediately. Dr. Ehanire said only students with official receipts of payment of school charges, who have successfully filled, submitted and printed a mandatory on-line questionnaire would be allowed into halls of residence and lecture theatres. She added that students residing in the school hostels are expected to bring along, at least, five pieces of washable face mask and two 5mls vials of hand sanitisers each. The spokesperson said staff members and students are to constantly wear their face masks, as the COVID-19 protocols would be strictly enforced by the university. “The Vice Chancellor of the university, Prof. Lilian Salami, on behalf of management, looks forward to welcoming all students to campus for a more fulfilling academic session,” Ehanire added. Meanwhile, the University management insists that the earlier announced Academic Calendar remains unchanged as on-line and physical classes will fully commence immediately. The 2019/2020 academic session first semester is expected to run from February 1 until the 1st of April, 2021, while second semester is billed to commence on April 5, 2021. UNIBEN under the leadership of Prof. Lilian Salami as vice chancellor says it is committed to ensuring the provision of quality education to students “without compromising on our collective safety.” Source The NMA President, Professor Innocent Ujah, stated this in a telephone interview with one of our correspondents while commenting on government’s decision to reopen schools beginning from Monday (today). Ujah stated that although the association would not advise government not to reopen schools, he stated that authorities must ensure compliance… In "News" Branches of the Academic Staff Union of Universities on Sunday assessed COVID-19 protocols in the universities and said the institutions were not ready for safe reopening. The chapters of the union, in separate interviews with The PUNCH, commented on the directive of the National Universities Commission that universities could resume… In "Education" State governments on Sunday differed on the Federal Government’s directive that schools in the country should remain shut till January 18 as part of efforts to curb COVID-19 second wave. While states such as Kogi, Anambra, Plateau and Ekiti said their schools would resume on January 18, Rivers, Cross River,… In "News"