Sani Goriola Yusuf, the fast-growing rapper and Davido’s ex-artist, aka Lil Frosh is in fresh trouble as he has been rearrested for beating his ex-girlfriend, Gift Camille, PM News reports. Allegations of domestic violence had surfaced online in October 2020, where Lil Frosh was alleged to have been physically abusing Gift. Gift had taken to her Instagram page that her estranged boyfriend, Lil Frosh, had hit her to a pulp; a piece of news that took the internet by storm. The allegation cost him his recording deal with Davido as his contract with DMW was terminated. To back up her claims, Gift had shared some photos of her swollen face online. Lil Frosh, however, took to the internet to deny the domestic violence allegations melted against him while stating that he did not lay his hands on her and that the photos shared online were those of Gift when she was having an allergic reaction. In a recent development, the Nigerian police on Thursday, February 4, 2021, invited Lil Frosh for questioning but has reportedly detained him in their custody. Confirming the areest, his colleague and friend, Zinoleesky took to his Instastory and called for his freedom. Reports have it that the reason for his arrest is bothered on the alleged domestic violence against Gift. According to a source, he is bound to be charged to court on Monday, February 8. Nigerian singer, Lil Frosh, has denied the allegation that he assaulted Gift Camille, his girlfriend. Last month, Mayoks Michael, Camille’s manager, and brother had taken to his Twitter handle to accuse Lil Frosh of domestic violence against his sister. This had prompted a heated backlash and widespread condemnation among both… In "Metro" Nigerian musician, Lil Frosh has acquired a new expensive whip. The musician formerly signed to Davido's record label bought himself a brand new Mercedes Benz. Recall that the singer’s contract with Davido Music World was terminated following a domestic violence allegation by his ex-girlfriend, Gift Camille. In a recent post… In "Entertainment" DMW boss, David Adeleke popularly known as Davido, has terminated the contract of fast-rising rapper Sanni Goriola Wasiu aka Lil Frosh, over allegations of domestic violence by his girlfriend Gift Camille on Monday, October 5, 2020. According to Camille’s brother Michael, who is also her manager, Lil Frosh has been… In "Metro"