The South-East Governors Forum has waded into the impasse between the Imo Governor, Hope Uzodinma, and the state’s former governor, Rochas Okorocha.  A squabble ensued between both sides’ supporters on February 21 when Okorocha allegedly broke into the Royal Spring Palm Apartment, Owerri, sealed by the Imo State Government on February 19. The situation was brought under control by the Imo Police Command, which later arrested the senator. Chairman of the forum, Governor David Umahi of Ebonyi State, in a statement signed by his Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, Mr Francis Nwaze, on Monday said the forum was already handling the issue. Umahi said that contacts have already been made to resolve the impasse and assured that both parties have agreed to a truce.  “South-East leaders are capable of settling their disputes internally instead of washing their linen in public. “We sue for calm among the supporters of both leaders to ensure a timely and amicable resolution of the disagreement,” the statement read. ‌The forum’s chairman urged Imo and south-east citizens to conduct their business peacefully and according to the law.  “They should also shun provocative statements as we work towards restoring normalcy to the situation.”  (NAN) Youths of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the South East have warned the Imo state Governor, Senator Hope Uzodimma to desist from his campaign of calumy against Senator Rochas Okorocha’s Presidential bid ahead of the 2023 general elections. The group under the South East APC Young Progressives Forum also… In "Politics" The All Progressives Congress has stepped up moves to persuade more governors from the South-East region to join it following the decision of the Ebonyi State Governor, David Umahi, to dump the Peoples Democratic Party. The PUNCH gathered on Monday that the APC Caretaker/Extra-Ordinary National Convention Planning Committee led by… In "Politics" •IPOB Leader Nnamdi Kanu By Pamela Eboh, Awka  The leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, has insisted that former Deputy Senate president, Ike Ekweremadu, was among some Igbo elites that played active role in the plot to assassinate him and kill the dream of an… In "Top Stories"