ABUJA – report by Nigeria Security Tracker has revealed that at least 222 people died as a result of terrorism activities in Nigeria in one week. In a report released on Tuesday, Nigeria Security Tracker also stated that 133 Nigerians were kidnapped between February 13 and 19, 2021. Details of the report reveal that 82 civilians and 21 Security men were killed in violent attacks, while the Nigerian Military forces killed 119 bandits and terrorists in the North. “This update also represents violence related to Boko Haram in Cameroon, Chad, and Niger. These incidents are included in the Nigeria Security Tracker”, the report read. Below is a breakdown of the killings February 13: Bandits killed two in Igabi, Kaduna.February 13: Two Nigerian Air Force personnel and “dozens” (estimated at twenty-four) of bandits were killed during a clash in Birnin-Gwari, Kaduna.February 13: Suspected herdsmen killed three in Egbado North, Ogun.February 13: Herdsmen killed three in Owo, Ondo.February 13: Bandits killed three in Chikun, Kaduna. February 13: Two police officers, two robbers, and one civilian were killed during a clash in Oshimili North, Delta.February 14: Gunmen killed one police officer at a church in Ughelli North, Delta.February 14: Kidnappers killed three and abducted thirty in Rafi, Niger State.February 14: Herdsmen killed four in Bassa, Plateau.February 14: Nigerian troops killed eighty-one Boko Haram militants and lost one soldier to a landmine in Gwoza, Borno.February 14: Herdsmen killed four in Egbado North, Ogun.February 15: Seven children were killed by a leftover explosive device in Maradun, Zamfara. February 15: Boko Haram killed 10 Nigerian soldiers in Marte, Borno.February 16: Bandits killed 11 in Rafi, Niger State.February 16: Boko Haram killed five police officers and two civilians in Bursari, Yobe.February 16: Suspected Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) members killed six children in Idemili North, Anambra. (IPOB has, however, denied any link with killing of the six children. See https://sundiatapost.com/ipob-desociates-itself-from-killing-of-children-in-anambra-warns-uzodinma-on-orlu-military-operation/)February 16: Nigerian troops killed two Boko Haram militants in Bursari, Yobe.February 17: Gunmen killed one and kidnapped 42 at a school in Rafi, Niger State.February 17: Nigerian troops killed “several” (estimated at 10) bandits who kidnapped four in Birnin-Gwari, Kaduna. February 17: Suspected herdsmen killed seven in Ovia North-East, Edo.February 17: Gunmen killed one and kidnapped thirty in Shiroro, Niger State.February 18: Kidnappers abducted seventeen in Faskari, Katsina.February 19: Boko Haram killed “many” (estimated at twenty) civilians in Dikwa, Borno.February 19: Gunmen killed one and kidnapped “several” (estimated at ten) in Rafi, Niger State.February 19: Three killed during protests in Billiri, Gombe. (Nigerian Tribune) …Kaduna, Zamfara, Borno deadliest states…North-West deadliest zone AS flames of violence and other forms of lives guzzling insecurity flicker in many parts of the country, Nigeria has literally become a killing field. In the first six weeks of 2021, lives of no fewer than 1,525 persons have been wasted across… In "Top Stories" Abuja (Sundiata Post) -   International Society for Civil Liberties & Rule of Law (Intersociety) has alleged strong complicity in the massacre of not less than 1,421 christians  by jihadists Fulani herdsmen in the past seven months spanning between 1st January to 31st  July, 2020.  Alarmed  by the ceaseless and untamed… In "Top Stories" At least 25,794 people were killed in various attacks during the first term of President Muhammadu Buhari between May 2015 and May 2019, a report analysed by PREMIUM TIMES indicates. According to available data from the Nigeria Security Tracker (NST), a project of the Council on Foreign Relations’ Africa programme… In "News"