The Nigeria Chapter of the International Society of Substance Use Prevention and Treatment Professionals is to collaborate with the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) and the Federal Ministry of Health on drug control. This was disclosed by the National President of ISSUP Nigeria Chapter, Dr. Martin Agwogie during a courtesy visit to NDLEA and Ministry of Health recently. According to Agwogie, “such collaboration is necessary across board for effective drug control in Nigeria”. In his response, NDLEA chairman, Gen. Buba Marwa commended the association for its efforts to professionalise the field of drug demand reduction saying: ‘’Everybody has a stake in ensuring a drug-free Nigeria and should be given a platform to contribute”. In his remarks, the Minister of Health, Dr. Osagie Ehanire charged ISSUP on substance use prevention noting that substance use has become a major challenge in the country and efforts to prevent its use should take the top priority to prevent the development of substance use disorders and treatment. The Nation By Martins Abochol Jalingo - The Chairman, National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA), Col. Muhammad Abdallah (retd), says President Muhammadu Buhari has approved recruitment of 5,000 personnel for the agency to boost its manpower. Abdallah made the disclosure on Friday at the Public Destruction of Drug Exhibits by Taraba Command of… In "Top Stories" ABUJA -  The International Narcotics Control Board (INCB) on Thursday warned countries against legalising the use of cannabis and urged them to consider its long-term effect on health and people’s welfare. Miss Mariam Sissoko of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC) gave the warning while reading the… In "Health" By Mustapha Yauri   Abuja   -     The Federal Ministry of Health has recalled 2.4 million bottles of cough syrup containing codeine after a recent audit of the substance carried out by National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC). According to a statement by Mrs Boade Akinola, Director… In "News"