The plan by the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) to print more local currency to finance the 2021 national budget has attracted fair comments from a former Vice President of Sierra Leone, Mr Sam Sumana. There have been calls from diverse opinions in the country in support of currency printing amid inadequate resources to fund the budget. However, the global rating agency, Fitch, in a recent report, had faulted the option, saying that printing more currency was a risk to Nigeria’s macroeconomic stability. But in a statement said to have been issued in Freetown, the Sierra Leonian capital and circulated in the media in Abuja on Monday, Sumana was quoted to have commended the CBN’s planned action, describing it as practical monetary intervention. According to Sumana, the planned move by the CBN would not only help Nigeria stabilise its economy but would also bring stability to the economies of West African countries. The Sierra Leonian leader was further quoted to have described the move by the apex bank as noble and that the CBN and its governor, Mr Godwin Emefiele, should be commended for the initiative, instead of criticising the effort. He noted that the CBN governor had demonstrated commitment to expanding national and regional economic growth agenda. The Nation By Glory Uche-Ajuba, Analysts opine that Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) has been contending with some challenges since its inception 40 years ago. One of such challenges, according to them, is the ECOWAS member-states’ desire to implement a single currency regime in the West African Monetary Zone (WAMZ).… In "News" By Cecilia Ijuo Abuja - The Senate Committee on Banking, Insurance and other Financial Institutions has reiterated its commitment towards ensuring that international passports are locally produced in Nigeria. The Chairman of the committee, Sen. Rafiu Ibrahim made this known when officials of Nigerian Security Printing and Minting Company(NSPMC) appeared… In "News" By Emmanuel Oloniruha Abuja -  Justice Must Prevail Party (JMPP) on Thursday said if elected into power in 2019, it would construct perimeter fence around Nigeria and change the name of the country and the currency. Acting National Chairman of the Party, Dr Olusegun Ijagbemi, revealed at a news conference… In "Top Stories"