According to The Nation, palpable fear took over a student’s hostel, lodge in Port Harcourt, Rivers State, following an attack on the occupants by unknown gunmen recently.  The incident happened at number 20, Osina Street, Mile 3, Diobu, where students of Rivers State University cohabit. The gunmen numbering five, who were suspected to be armed robbers, reportedly invaded the lodge in the early hours of Thursday and dispossessed the victims of their personal effects as well as inflicted deep machete cuts on some. The caretaker of the house, Fidelis Nuale confirmed the incident but declined to speak on what transpired. Some of the victims who pleaded anonymity disclosed that 13 mobile phones, wrist watches, slippers, laptops, among others were carted away by the suspected armed robbers. The eyewitness further alleged that the robbers forced one of their victims to transfer money to a bank account the invaders provided. Meanwhile the matter has been reported at Azikiwe Divisional Police headquarters around the area. The state Police Public Relation officer, Nnamdi Omoni, is yet to speak on it. Idowu Olayinka, Vice-Chancellor of the University of Ibadan (UI), has said the institution is porous and susceptible to armed robbery attacks. In July, Obafemi Awolowo female hall of residence came under attack by suspected armed robbers who carted away the student’s valuables and left some injured. Less than a month… In "Education" By Christian Ogbonna Yenagoa - Suspected armed robbers on Friday attacked a new generation bank in Yenagoa, Bayelsa capital, killing a customer, Mr Emmanuel Omomo, and taking away cash he withdrew from the bank. Police spokesman in Bayelsa, SP Asinim Butswat who confirmed the killing, said the incident occurred at… In "Local News" Yenagoa - Gunmen suspected to be armed robbers on Friday shot dead a middle-aged man identified as Emmanuel Omomo and carted away his money in Bayelsa State. It was gathered that the incident happened at 10am within the premises of a bank around the Sani Abacha Expressway in Yenagoa where… In "News"