LAGOS – The Lagos State Police Command has arrested Tina Essi for the alleged murder of 49-year-old Christian Akparie of 26, Orijamogun Street, Oreyo, Ikorodu, Lagos. This was revealed by the spokesman of the Command, Olumuyiwa Adejobi, in a statement on Wednesday. According to Adejobi, Police preliminary investigation revealed that on January 31, 2021, an argument over the payment of power bill ensued between the Essi, the daughter of the landlady of the house, and the deceased, both of the same address, which led to a fight. After the fight, the deceased had continually suffered severe pains, but unfortunately on February 6, 2021 at about 7am, while the deceased was being rushed to the General Hospital, Ikorodu, he gave up the ghost. The police operatives attached to Ikorodu Division of the command were contacted and arrested the suspect immediately. The Commissioner of Police, Hakeem Odumosu, has ordered that the suspect be transferred to the State Criminal Investigation and Intelligence Department, Panti for thorough investigation. The suspect is presently cooling her feet at the State CID, Panti, Yaba. Odumosu urged the relatives of the deceased to remain calm as the command will do the needful to have justice done in the matter. The police boss also appealed to Lagosians to always manage their differences and conflicts with maturity and seek police intervention where necessary to avoid untimely deaths and running into troubles (TheEagleonline) By Moses Omorogieva   Lagos -  The Police Command in Lagos state has arrested 58-year-old commercial motorcyclist, named withheld, for allegedly defiling his 14-year-old daughter. The Commissioner of Police in the state, Mr Edgal Imohimi, confirmed the arrest on Tuesday in Lagos while addressing newsmen on various arrest made by… In "Metro" Detectives attached to Ishara Division of the Ogun State Police Command, have arrested one Gbenga Ogunfolabo, 47, at Ishara in Remo North Local Government Area of Ogun State, for stabbing his wife, Bosede Ogunfolabo, to death with broken bottle during a fight. According to a statement by the Command’s PPRO… In "News" The decomposing body of a bar attendant, Oritoke Manni, has been found at a site in Otolu town, Akodo, in the Lekki Local Council Development Area of Lagos State. PUNCH Metro gathered that Manni went missing after visiting her boyfriend, Segun Titilayo, at his house in the area. When efforts… In "News"