Bauchi State Governor, Bala Mohammed, says Nigerians don’t need the permission of any governor to reside anywhere in the country.  According to Mohammed, citizens don’t need the permission of his Ondo State counterpart, Rotimi Akeredolu, to live in the forests in the South-West state. The Bauchi State governor stated this on Friday on Channels Television’s ‘Sunrise Daily’ programme monitored by The PUNCH.  He said, “Land is in the hands of the state and federal governments in trust but Nigerians don’t need the permission of governors or the federal government to settle everywhere. You don’t need the permission of the governor of Bauchi or the governor of Ondo to be in the forests of Ondo if you choose to live in the forests because under Section 41 of the constitution, you are free to settle anywhere.” The PUNCH had earlier reported that in a bid to sanitise Ondo forests of killer herdsmen accused of sundry crimes such as kidnappings, killings, rape, amongst others, Akeredolu ordered all herdsmen to vacate the state forest reserves or register with the state government.  The development generated outrage with the Presidency and some governors including Mohammed saying Akeredolu lacked the right to issue a vacation notice to herders in the state. Akeredolu had also slammed Mohammed for saying herders have the right to bear AK-47 rifle for self-protection. But the Bauchi State governor said on Friday that “when we mention AK-47, it is a figure of speech, the issue is protection, self-help, you must protect yourself”.  “The Fulani man is so exposed, dehumanised and demonised. He is being seen as a bandit and so anywhere he goes, his commonwealth which I call his cows are being taken and rustled and sometimes they are fined beyond your imagination and then he has no option than to protect himself,” the governor added.  Source Bauchi State Governor, Bala Mohammed, says Nigerians don’t need the permission of any governor to reside anywhere in the country. According to Mohammed, citizens don’t need the permission of his Ondo State counterpart, Rotimi Akeredolu, to live in the forests in the South-West state. https://twitter.com/channelstv/status/1362697562994733060 The Bauchi State governor stated… In "News" The Ondo State Government has said no herdsman can graze on the forest reserves in the state without permission. The State Commissioner for Agricultural and Rural Development, Adegboyega Adefarati, said over 50,000 farmers have been registered to engage in various agricultural activities in state’s forest reserves, insisting that no herder… In "News" Following his utterances about herdsmen carrying AK47 rifles to protect themselves, Governor Rotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State has fired back at Bauchi state governor, Bala Mohammed, saying he is unfit to be in public office. On Thursday, February 11, Governor Mohammed at a function said that Fulani herdsmen carry AK47… In "Politics"