Mr Abdullahi Attah, the Executive Chairman of FCT Internal Revenue Service (FCT-IRS) has said the ongoing automation project being implemented by the service will help block leakages and boost revenue generation in the territory. Attah revealed this in a chat with reporters in Abuja yesterday. He explained that FCT-IRS had gotten approval from Bureau for Public Procurement in December last year, to implement its automaton project and make it technology-driven. He said with the approval, more than 80 per cent of tax administration and other procedures in FCT would be automated. He listed tax collection, assessment and certification or clearance as part of procedures to be automated. According to him, the new initiative will solve the problem of all forms of sharp practices by personnel of the agency, taxpayers and banks. “With the automation we are putting in place now, there is no hiding place for any of our members of staff that may want to involve in the shoddy deal. You cannot collect cash, money must be paid automatically through the banks and when it is paid, with the remittance, it will go straight to our TSA in the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN). “Until we see your money in CBN, you can’t get a receipt. So, our members of staff cannot play any game with taxpayers. On assessment, the forms that tax officers could hide in a file are no longer possible. “Once we do it, I will sit in my office, with the computer; I will see all the assessment they have done every day. “With this our automation project, if you want to find out whether you have Tax Identification Number (TIN), you just dial 773722# and then the system will take you through. “We just established a contact centre and it will start functioning today. If you dial 07002200002, the system will take you to our contact centre and they will assist you to resolve your problem,” he said. Attah said FCT-IRS under his leadership was committed to becoming fully technology-driven, adding that in a short while, the agency would run a paperless office. The Nation By Kabir Muhammad Abuja -   Mr Abdullahi Attah, the Executive Chairman, Federal Capital Territory Internal Revenue Service (FCT IRS), says that the Service generated over a million unique Taxpayer Identification Numbers (TINs) for Abuja residents within three months. Attah stated this at a press conference on Monday in Abuja,… In "Business" By Mustapha Sumaila Abuja - The Federal Capital Territory Internal Revenue Service (FCT IRS) says the Short Message Service (SMS) sent to federal workers and those residence in the territory is in order. According to the Executive Chairman of FCTIRS Mr Abdullahi Attah, the SMS is in compliance with the… In "News" By Chijioke Okoronwko Abuja - The Federal Executive Council(FEC) on Wednesday approved the sum of N970.2 million for the proving of residential accommodation for the Nigeria Customs Service(NCS). Minister of Finance, Mrs Zainab Ahmed, disclosed this while briefing State House correspondents after the FEC meeting presided over by President Muhammadu… In "News"