By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Former Aviation Minister Femi Fani-Kayode has blasted Chief Paul Unongo over a statement credited to him, warning him to desist from attempting to spark off a civil war. Unongo was quoted as suggesting to President Muhammadu Buhari to deploy soldiers to the South West to “protect northerners in the region. Fani-Kayode who stated this via his twitter handle, further warned Unongo to stop testing the will of the people of the South West with such absurd suggestions, adding that the same terrorists he wants to be protected are the same terrorists killing his people and people of Benue. He further stressed that Northerners are not in ANY danger in the South West. The tweets read: The suggestion that Buhari should deploy soldiers to the South West to “protect northerners” by Chief Paul Unongo is reckless, irresponsible and dangerous. Fulani terrorists are killing our people all over the South West and now he wants soldiers to kill us too? Unongo is begging for war! The worst thing is that the man is not even a Fulani. He is a Tiv man and we in the South West love and respect the Tiv people. We know that they are great and courageous warriors but Unongo is not talking like a Tiv man but rather like an old slave who has lost touch with reality. The same terrorists that are killing your people are the ones that are killing ours and you want them to be protected? Northerners are not in ANY danger in the South West but Fulani terrorists and killer herdsmen who slaughter, rape, torture and kidnap our people most certainly are. We make no pretence and have no apology for that. If the state refuses to protect us from terror we have no choice but to protect ourselves. That is perfectly lawful. The only reason you need to worry for your safety in the South West is if you are a killer herdsmen or a terrorist. We will not tolerate such beasts anymore and we will not allow them to slaughter our people. The overwhelming majority of Fulanis and northerners are not terrorists so they have nothing to fear. Only the wicked run when no-one is pursuing them. Unongo should know that the Yoruba people are slow to anger but irresistible in battle. Our heads may be bloodied but they can never be bowed. He should stop testing the will of the people of the South West with such absurd suggestions and desist from attempting to spark off a civil war. He should face his Benue state, help his Governor fight the army of killer Fulani herdsmen that have plagued and overwhelmed the state and leave the South West alone. The Yoruba are not Nigeria’s sacrificial lambs and neither are we slaves. No-one can threaten or intimidate us! By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Former Minister of Aviation, Femi Fani-Kayode has congratulated Chief Paul Unungo for his timely resignation as Chairman of Northern Elders Forum. He also commended the leaders of Benue State for the resilience and restraint despite all forms of provocation by fulani terrorists, adding… In "News" Nigerian politician and writer, Femi Fani-Kayode has warned against intimidation and victimization of Yoruba activist, Sunday Igboho following his antics over the weekend. He also condemned the Nigerian army for beating Ogun residents who rejected Fulani herdsmen. Here is FFK's article below: For soldiers to escort murderous Fulani herdsmen back… In "Opinion" For soldiers to escort murderous Fulani herdsmen back to a community in Ogun State from which they were earlier evicted and then to publicly whip members of that community for evicting them simply beggars belief.  Have the people of the South West now become slaves in their fathers' land? Have… In "Opinion"