President Joe Biden has appointed Nigerian-born, Enoh T. Ebong 2021 as the Acting Director of the U.S. Trade and Development Agency (USTDA).  Her appointment on Tuesday meant a return to USTDA where from 2004 to 2019, Ms. Ebong had served in a variety of roles, most recently as the Agency’s General Counsel, and Deputy Director and Chief Operating Officer. Ms. Ebong, from her name has cultural ties to Akwa Ibom state in Nigeria. He will lead an agency that partners with the U.S. private sector to develop sustainable infrastructure and foster economic growth in emerging economies, while supporting U.S. jobs through the export of U.S. goods and services. “It is an honor to return to USTDA. The opportunity to lead the Agency comes at a critical moment when the world is turning to the United States for leadership on clean energy and climate-smart infrastructure, as well as safe and secure ICT solutions,” said Ms. Ebong during her swearing-in ceremony said: “The Agency is one of the most effective, targeted and proven tools within the U.S. government. I’ve long believed in USTDA’s mission and program, which are fully aligned with the President’s vision of strengthening our economy and addressing climate as an essential component of American foreign policy and national security.” Prior to her return to USTDA, Ebong had served as the Head of Strategic Partnerships at the Milken Center for Advancing the American Dream, where she drove the development of strategic partnerships to expand access to education, health, financial empowerment and entrepreneurship. Before joining USTDA in 2004, Ebong practiced law at the Boston office of Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris and Popeo, P.C., representing public and private companies in public offerings, financing transactions, mergers and acquisitions, and corporate governance issues. Ebong earned a Juris Doctor from the University of Michigan Law School, a Master of Arts in Communication from the Annenberg School for Communication at the University of Pennsylvania, and a Master of Arts in History, with Honors, from the University of Edinburgh, Scotland. She is a member of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts Bar. The U.S. Trade and Development Agency helps companies create U.S. jobs through the export of U.S. goods and services for priority development projects in emerging economies. USTDA links U.S. businesses to export opportunities by funding project preparation and partnership building activities that develop sustainable infrastructure and foster economic growth in partner countries. Some of the recent projects associated with the USTDA in Nigeria includes, Abuja Thermal Power Station development. In February 2020, the United States Trade and Development Agency (USTDA), donated US$1.16 million towards the development of this power station. Abuja Thermal Power Station is a planned 1,350 MW natural gas-fired thermal power plant in Nigeria. It is planned as an IPP project. Also in Lagos University Teaching Hospital investments, USTDA was involved in the process of improving the Cancer treatment Centre as well as West Africa Regional Rail Integration proposal to connect up isolated railway networks in West Africa. In 2009, USTDA approved funding of $750,000 for a feasibility study grant to assist the rail development in the region. Lagos-The United States Trade and Development Agency(USTDA) on Thursday in Lagos announced a grant of 997.4 million dollars (about N251.3 billion) as training support for the proposed refinery by the Dangote Group. The grant was announced at the signing of a Memoradum of Understanding (MoU) between Dangote Group and the… In "Business" By Edith Ike-Eboh Abuja - The Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) and the United States Trade and Development Agency (USTDA) have concluded arrangement to sign a 1.16 million dollar grant as part funding for the NNPC-Abuja Independent Power Project (IPP). The Corporation disclosed this in a statement by Mr Samson Makoji,… In "News" Abuja -The U.S. Trade and Development Agency (USTDA) has provided a grant to Quaint Global Energy Solutions for a solar power project it is developing in northern Nigeria, a statement said. The statement was issued by the Public Affairs Unit of the U.S. embassy to Nigeria in Abuja on Wednesday.… In "News"