 A Nigerian footballer, Ibrahim Odiba has slumped and died while training at the Confluence Stadium, Lokoja, the State capital.  The tragic incident happened in the morning of Saturday, February 20, 2020. According to eyewitnesses, Odiba, an ex-ABS FC midfielder, was full of life when he resumed for training and even when he slumped, no one suspected it was going to be his last. The Kogi born one time player of Kaduna United had joined his colleagues in the ‘Kogi All Stars’ training at the Confluence Stadium, without showing signs of declining health. One of the members of Confluence All Stars, Tomiwa Lawal told OnwardNews24 that Odiba was a lively and friendly member who has always shown optimum professionalism all through. He said Odiba will be greatly missed just as he prayed God to bless his soul and grant his immediate family fortitude to bear his demise. “We are saddened and shocked by the death of one of us, Ibrahim Odiba who slumped this morning at Confluence Stadium, Lokoja today during training. “There was no touch, no contact from anybody; he slumped to his face after about five minutes of entering in the second half our training this morning. “We were able to bring him back to life and he was back to life and he even asked what happened. “He was driven to the hospital to continue treatment, but unfortunately he couldn’t make it. “We will miss him so dearly, he was a very nice and humble man, very professional and committed member of the All Stars family.”  Source JUKU - The Kogi State Community and Social Development Agency (CSDA) has in the last five years spent N800 million on 242 community-based development projects across its three senatorial districts. The agency's General Manager, Mr James Odiba, made the disclosure on Friday at Ejuku in Yagba East Local Government Area… In "News" sam okwarSam Okwaraji’s former team-mate, Etim Esin, has claimed that the midfielder’s death, is the reason why Nigeria did not qualify for the 1990 World Cup in Italy. The 25-year-old collapsed and died during a World Cup qualifying game against Angola on August 12, 1989 at the National Stadium in… In "Sports" Jude Owuamanam, Managing Editor, Northern Operations Governor of Plateau State, Simon Lalong, has declared a three-day mourning period for the late Commissioner of Housing and Urban Development, Samuel Galadima, who died on Wednesday. Galadima, 64, slumped at the Rwang Pam Stadium, where he and Lalong, along with other members of… In "News"