President Muhammadu Buhari is in a closed-door meeting with a delegation of leaders from Borno and Yobe states in the Aso Rock Presidential Villa, Abuja.  The delegation, led by Govs Babagana Zulum (Borno) and Mai-Mala Buni (Yobe) is believed to be meeting with the President on issues mostly bordering on security. On the entourage are other political and community leaders from the two states, including former Borno Governor, Kashim Shettima; Ministers of State for Agriculture, Mustapha Shehuri; and that of State for Works and Housing, Abubakar Aliyu. Also attending the meeting are the Secretary to Government of the Federation(SGF), Boss Mustapha; Chief of Statff to the President, Prof. Ibrahim Gambari; and the Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Hajiya Sadiya Umar Farouk. Similarly, the Inspector General of Police, Mohammed Adamu, National Security Adviser (NSA), Major-General Babagana Monguno (Rtd.); and the Director-General of Department of State Service(DSS), Yusuf Bichi, are also in attendance. Details shortly.  Source President Muhammadu Buhari has ordered the reengineering of the nation’s entire security apparatus. This is according to the National Security Adviser (NSA), Babagana Monguno. Mr. Monguno briefed journalists on Tuesday after the third National Security Council meeting in 2020 chaired by President Buhari at the Presidential Villa in Abuja. The… In "Top Stories" Juliana Taiwo-Obalonye, Abuja Following the recent attack on the convoy of Governor Babagana Zulum of Borno state, six governors of the northeast states and heads of security agencies are currently meeting with President Muhammad Buhari at the presidential villa, Abuja. The meeting is taking place at the Council Chamber, Presidential… In "News" By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari on Monday met behind closed doors with the six governors of the North East Zone and security chiefs at the Council Chamber, Presidential Villa, Abuja. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the meeting was also attended by Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo… In "Politics"