A businessman, David Maduka, who deals in the sales of doors, has narrated how three male fraudsters paid him with paper notes as money after purchasing goods worth N497, 000 in Agbarho, Ughelli North council area of Delta state. Speaking exclusively with The Nation on Monday, Mr. Maduka said the incident occurred last Wednesday, 17 February, between the hours of 11am and 1pm at his shop located along the Agbarho axis of the East West Road. According to him, the suspects, numbering three men who appeared to be in their 40s, came to his shop in a new white Toyota Sienna and spent quite a long time negotiating the price of the doors. He disclosed that he was on his way to Onitsha, Anambra state, when they visited his shop and met his brother and a sales representative, a lady. He said only one of them stepped into the shop to negotiate for the doors, while the other two remained outside. “They were three matured men of about 40 years and above. They came in white Sienna and bought four doors. Two turkey doors (N165, 000 and N95, 000 each), one glass door (N200, 000) and one Watson door (N37, 000). “I was on my way to Onitsha. My brother and sales rep were here, but I was the one who transacted the business on phone. “They told them they were going to Agbarho, just inside the town. I didn’t have the size of the glass door, so I told them I will have it the following day. So they took only the three doors available with a promise to come back for the other. “They even refused to collect receipt after paying the money. My people counted the money, N1000 notes. They said they counted N500, 000. “But it wasn’t up to five minutes after the men left with the doors loaded in the Sienna, they decided to keep the cash properly, that was when they discovered the notes were blank sheets of paper. They showed me the bank money band that came with the money too,” Maduka recounted. The businessman disclosed that the brother tried to go after them in a commercial motorcycle, but eventually lost sight of them on highway. He noted that the matter was reported to the Police Station in Agbarho and hoped that the culprits be caught and prosecuted to serve as a deterrent to others. The Nation gathered that a similar incident occurred within the state about two months ago, where the fraudsters bought bags of rice worth N450,000, paid cash but the money later turned to papers notes cut to the size of money. The Nation The story has been told of the Anambra pastor who reportedly rejected a whopping N4 million gift and SUV from fraudsters.   According to Punch Metro, an Anambra State-based pastor, Ejike Nwachukwu, has rejected N4m and a Sports Utility Vehicle offered him by two suspected Internet fraudsters in exchange for prayers.… In "Entertainment" A notorious fraudster, Luba Udoka Jonah who specializes in defrauding people by sending them fake bank transaction have been arrested by the Niger state Police Command. Jonah was arrested after trying to defraud a car dealer in Minna. The car Dealer, Abubakar Yahaya of TK Motors reported Jonah to the… In "News" Afeez Mojeed, a real estate manager and haulage consultant, has narrated his ordeal in the hands of men of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS), who were supervised by Abba Kyari, the then Officer-in-Charge, OC of the unit. The victim told the Lagos Judicial Panel on Saturday how SARS officers forced… In "News"