South Korea’s candidate for the Director-General of the World Trade Organisation (WTO), Yoo Myung-Hee, has announced she will withdraw from the race. It clears the path for Nigeria’s Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala who the General Council announced late last year as the consensus candidate. The World Trade Organization’s General Council Chair David Walker announced in last October Nigeria’s Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala had garnered the most support among WTO members to become the next global trade chief but her appointment was vetoed by the United States. Korea’s Trade Minister Yoo Myung-hee announced on Friday that she would withdraw her candidacy for the next World Trade Organization (WTO) Director-General. Korea will continue to work with responsibility for the restoration of the multilateral trading system. NOI, as she is fondly called, will be the first female and first African to head the WTO if affirmed by its 164 members. Myunghee1’s withdrawal does not mean @NOIweala immediately becomes the WTO next Director-General. That appointment is taken in a formal decision by the WTO’s 164 members. Since the U.S. is the only WTO member blocking Okonjo-Iweala’s candidacy, it remains to be seen whether the Biden administration will reverse the Trump administration’s veto and support her. If there is no opposition from any WTO members, the chairman of the WTO general council, David Walker, can announce the resumption of the WTO suspended October general council meeting to consider the appointment of a new Director-General. The Nation •China Quietly Tips The Scales In Nigeria’s Favour As EU, US Hit Deadlock… •WTO’s Council To Officially Announce  Okonjo-Iweala’s Choice Today, Tuesday •South Korea’s Candidate, Yoo Myung-hee To Formally Accept Decision Today ABUJA - Nigeria’s former finance minister and a former managing director of the World Bank, Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala… In "Top Stories" The coast seems to be clear for Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala to emerge as the next Director-General of the World Trade Organisation (WTO) as her only opponent, South Korean Yoo Myung-hee is set to withdraw from the race. A report by Washington Trade Daily said that South Korea has decided to… In "News" Bloomberg reports on Friday that the South Korean Trade Minister Yoo Myung-hee has withdrawn her bid to lead the World Trade Organisation, leaving former Nigerian Finance Minister Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala as the only remaining candidate for the job. Yoo was said made the decision after discussions with the United States and… In "News"