There was panic in Orlu and Orsu Local Government Areas of Imo State on Thursday as the Nigerian military began operations in search of the camps occupied by the personnel of Eastern Security Network linked with Indigenous People of Biafra.  The army spokesperson of the 34 artillery Brigade, Obinze, Owerri, Imo state, Babatunde Zubairu, who confirmed the operation, said the locals were not being harassed. He confirmed the deployment of helicopters and other military gadgets in the operations.  The army spokesperson said that the operation was an offshoot of military intelligence. Our correspondent gathered that the operation had caused serious panic in the areas. An indigene of Uda Orsuihiteukwa in the Orlu Local Government Area told our correspondent that though no indigene was shot by the military, the operation was causing serious panic in the area.  He said, “Situation now calm in Udah, Orsuihiteukwa. Military helicopters have left my area a while ago after the surveillance mission. All security vans have left the Udah community for their respective bases. “Civilians were not in any way harassed in the exercise. No casualties. The invasion may have been warranted by intelligence reports.  “The leaders and office bearers from Orlu zone should address this security instability in our zone now. This is not healthy for the progress and advancement of the biggest senatorial zone in Nigeria.” Our correspondent learnt that there is heavy presence soldiers in Orlu, where the military and ESN officials clashed on January 25. Punch Residents of Orlu Local Government Area of Imo State on Monday fled their homes following a sporadic shooting by soldiers and suspected members of the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) and its outfit, the Eastern Security Network (ESN). At least 10 people were feared dead, according to sources. Reports… In "News" THE proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) on Tuesday justified the clash between its security outfit – the Eastern Security Network (ESN) – and the military. It also claimed that five residents of Okporo community in Orlu Local Government Area of Imo State were killed when ESN men clashed with… In "Features" ORLU - Many people are feared dead while several properties as well as the Orlu Stadium have been destroyed as members of the Indigenous Peoples of Biafra (IPOB) clashed with security men in Orlu, Imo State on Monday. It was gathered that the crisis started last week when IPOB members,… In "News"