Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, the immediate past National Chairman of the All Progressive Congress (APC) has kicked against the ongoing membership revalidation exercise of the party.  The exercise, he said, is contrary to Constitution of the party. Oshiomhole spoke with newsmen shortly after revalidating his membership of the party at Unit 1, Ward 10, Iyamho, Etsako West Local Government of Edo State. According to him: “APC is governed by a constitution and not by man. The constitution only provides for registration and I registered as a member of the APC in 2014 under the Interim National Chairman, Chief Bisi Akande. “There is nothing in the APC constitution that says a member shall revalidate or renew his membership. Once you registered when you joined the party and you have not decamped, you are a member. So revalidation is strange to our constitution. “I have only done this because I want peace to reign but in doing this, we have to be careful not to create constitutional breach.” Oshiomhole, however, noted between 2015 and now, people have exited from the party and others have joined while some have died, adding that it makes sense to review the register so that those who have decamped to APC will be registered while those who have left will be deleted. “If you ask me as a foundation member, who has never decamped, to revalidate my membership, it is double registration because there is nothing like revalidation in our constitution. “By asking me to revalidate my membership means I was not a member. So, I think the correct language should be either reviewing or updating because it makes sense to review voters register due to the new members that have joined or those that have exited,” Oshiomhole said. He said the party has been updating its register from time to time, noting most of the Governors under the party today became members following voters register update hence they were able to contest the governorship election under the party. “So what this means now is that I have come here to do another registration but I insist that my registration never expired within the provision of the APC constitution. “For me, I think we should just move on. I am happy I just did it but I don’t need it because my membership has not expired and it can only expire when I decamp. “History didn’t just begin today. If we don’t have a valid register, how did we conduct the congress in 2015 in which 16 million registered APC members voted to nominate President Muhammadu Buhari before the general election?” Source Vice President, Prof. Yemi Osinbajo, Governor Dapo Abiodun and former governor, Olusegun Osoba on Tuesday, officially revalidated their membership of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ogun State. The membership registration and revalidation exercise of the ruling APC in Ogun State was flagged off by the Vice President at his… In "Politics" •Salihu Moh Lukman It is very difficult and challenging to come to terms with unfolding development in APC. The disconcerting reality of becoming clobbered into another undemocratic political platform, which is intolerant to basic tenets of free and fair contests is hard to admit. We may be in denial on… In "Opinion" GOVERNORS of the All Progressives Congress (APC) have been consulting President Muhammadu Buhari on his position regarding the controversial National Executive Committee (NEC) meeting of the party called for Tuesday. The state helmsmen are seeking to know the status of the meeting which many of them believe has been called… In "News"