A member of the Senate representing Ogun West Senatorial District, Tolulope Odebiyi, has urged the President, Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), to take an immediate action against killer herdsmen in the country. Odebiyi made this known during plenary on Wednesday while lamenting the influx of criminal herdsmen into Nigeria from neighbouring countries. The senator said, “It is an indictment on our leadership that people are coming into Nigeria to rape, maim and kill our people. It is upsetting and we must rise up to this occasion. I rise that the President need to speak and calm the nation.  “The President can sign an Executive Order banning open grazing. There are actions that he can take immediately but nothing is being done.” The South-West region has been in the eye of the storm of late over the activities of killer herdsmen who rape, kidnap and destroy farmlands with their cattle. Many Nigerians including Nobel Laureate, Prof. Wole Soyinka, had urged the President to address Nigerians and make it known publicly that he does not support the criminal activities of some herdsmen in parts of the country. ICYMI: Guns recovered as landlord shoots okada union chair over rent Kano State Governor, Abdullahi Ganduje, had also called for the enactment of a law to abolish the movement of cattle by herdsmen from the Northern part of the country to other parts in order to prevent the incessant herdsmen-farmers clashes rocking parts of the country. But Special Adviser to the President on Media and Publicity, Femi Adesina, said Buhari would be a talkative if he speaks on every matter including the herdsmen crisis. Though the Senate did not include Odebiyi’s motion in its resolutions, the upper chamber, however, observed a minute silence in honour of all victims of insurgency, banditry, herdsmen-farmers clashes, and other security challenges.  The Senate resolved to “urge the State Governors to re-invigorate rural governance and convene state-wide inter-communal conclaves and dialogues to promote local conflict resolution and inter-ethnic harmony.” It also “urge the Federal Government to immediately embark on an operation to checkmate proliferation of firearms and enforce the laws against illegal possession of firearms by arresting, disarming and punishing anyone in illegal possession of arms.” The Senate further “urge the State Governors to implement the National Livestock Transformation Plan which is a modern scheme designed to eliminate transhumance in order to prevent farmer-herder conflicts and activate highly productive livestock sector in Nigeria.” (Punch) THE Presidency triggered a needless controversy recently with its brash intrusion into the legitimate efforts by the Ondo State Government to secure the lives and property of residents. In an unseemly and swift reaction to an order by Governor Rotimi Akeredolu to cattle herders to vacate the state’s forest reserves… In "Opinion" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - Senator Bukar Abba Ibrahim has called on the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) to intervene and resettle herdsmen as the only way to curb clashes between herdsmen and farmers in the region. In an interview with newsmen in Abuja on Tuesday, the senator called… In "Top Stories" The Ondo State Council of Obas, on Thursday, called on the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.) to caution his aides who comment on security of the country. The traditional rulers, who reacted over the comments made by some aides of the President on the order of Akeredolu ejecting the… In "Politics"