Bandits have burnt down the Holy Family Catholic Church, and two houses in Kikwari village, Kajuru council area of Kaduna State.  Another set of gunmen also invaded Baka village in Igabi council area and killed two persons.  Commissioner for Internal Security and Home Affairs Samuel Aruwan said in a statement yesterday. Aruwan confirmed that nine persons were equally kidnapped in the Sabon Birni area. The attacks took place at the weekend, it was said. “Security agencies have reported that armed bandits razed the building of the Holy Family Catholic Church, and two homes in Kikwari. According to the report, the locals fled the area on receiving information that some bandits were sighted outside the village,” the commissioner said. “On getting to the location, the armed bandits set ablaze the place of worship and the two houses.” On the Igabi killing, Aruwan said the bandits attacked the residence of the late Dan’azumi Musa who was killed alongside his son by bandits a week earlier. “In the latest attack, a brother to the deceased, one Sale Musa and his son Amiru Sale Musa, were shot dead. The bandits operating in groups also abducted a number of persons, mostly women and children. “Troops based in the Sabon Birni general area were mobilised to the location. They engaged the bandits and rescued some captives from one of the bandit groups, while another group had earlier escaped with another set of hostages. “Receiving the reports, Governor El-Rufai commiserated with the community, and condemned the setting ablaze of the place of worship and two houses by armed bandits. “The governor empathized with the church and assured them that the government under his watch would continue to work hard in the fight against banditry and other crimes. He charged worshippers to remain strong in their faith and devotion, and see it as an act perpetrated by enemies of peace, humanity and diversity who will not succeed but will be defeated by the grace of God,” Aruwan stated. Source Gunmen have killed three persons in separate attacks in Kaduna. They killed a driver and caused accidents, which left many injured on Monday night. The bandits were however repelled by security operatives from kidnapping any of the travellers. But they regrouped around 2:00am on Tuesday and descended on Maigiginya community… In "News" Some unknown gunmen have invaded the residence of a traditional ruler and shot him dead. The tragic incident happened in Kaduna. According to TheCable, Haruna Kuye, district head of Gidan Zaki, Zangon Kataf local government area of Kaduna state was killed in the early hours of Tuesday. Kuye and his… In "News" Bandits have killed three persons in Mariri District of Lere Local Government and Randagi village of Birnin-Gwari Local Government area of Kaduna. Commissioner for Internal Security and Home Affairs, Samuel Aruwan confirmed the development in a statement on Tuesday. He said the military under the auspices of Operation Safe Haven… In "News"