Rivers Governor Nyesom Wike has accused the Inspector-General Police of compromising competence and genuine efforts at fighting criminality and insecurity in the recent posting of Rivers Commissioner of Police Wike said it was disappointing the Inspector-General of Police (IG) would compromise competence in posting a Commissioner of Police to Rivers, alleging a favour-seeking politician had approached him for such patronage. The Governor made the accusation when he led the Senate Chief Whip, Orji Kalu, former Minister of Works,Mike Onolememen and other dignitaries on project inspection tour in Port Harcourt and ObioAkpor Local Government Areas of Rivers State on Thursday. Wike said such handling of touchy issues like insecurity made it difficult for him to partner with the Federal Government, especially because they were not committed to solving the insecurity challenge. He wondered why the Inspector General of Police granted such demand of posting a CP to compromise competence. He said: “There is so much insecurity in Nigeria. There are killings everywhere and they (APC) told Nigerians that they will solve the problem. But the problem is not being solved. “They appoint Commissioner of Police (CP) based on patronage. A politician from my state will go to see the Inspector General of Police and ask him to give him a CP. “And the IG will not post CP based on competence to fight crime but based on the fact that the man in the party says he wants so and so person. “When the person comes will he fight insecurity? No. That’s the problem we have in this country today. How can I partner with such a government? A government that will not do things based on competence.” Speaking on his motivation for his commitment to quality project delivery, Wike said he was grateful to Rivers residents for giving him the opportunity to superintendent over the affairs of the state. According to him, he is giving back to the state quality service that will situate it rightly in the comity of states, and be reckoned as a destination for investments. Orji, who was fascinated at the Okoro-Nu-Odo Flyover, Rumuogba Flyover, Mother and Child Hospital and the Real Madrid Football Academy, described them as long term investment for the good of Rivers people. Kalu lauded Wike for mobilising contractors with about 70 percent upfront payment saying it was paying off as projects were completed on schedule. The Nation PORT HARCOURT (Sundiata Post) - Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Ezenwo Wike has alleged that there was a plot to reverse the gains made by the state in the promotion of  security of lives and property  through the reposting of compromised police officers back to the state. The governor stated that he has… In "News" Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike has expressed shock over what he called plot to reverse the gains made by the state in the promotion of security of lives and property, through the reposting of compromised police officers back to the state. The governor stated that he had officially informed the… In "News" PORT HARCOURT (Sundiata Post) - The Rivers State chapter of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has said its attention has been drawn to a statement by Governor Nyesom Wike on Monday in which the governor xxpressed shock that there was a “plot to reverse the gains made by the state… In "Politics"