Senate President Ahmad Lawan on Monday said things will return to normal in two months in the country. He spoke after a meeting with President Muhammadu Buhari in Abuja. Lawan emphasised the need for the political class, as well as the traditional leadership, to play a role in de-escalating the current pensive mood across the country through their actions and utterances. He charged the various state and local governments to do everything possible to protect all Nigerians within their territories, irrespective of origins. The Senate President said government is doing everything possible to secure all parts of the country and ensure peace returns before the rainy season sets in, so that farmers and others can go about their normal lives in a secure environment. He said: “As political leaders, we have responsibilities to our people. We have to get our people secured, we have to secure the environment for them to earn their means of livelihood, we’ll like to see our farmers go back to farms before the rainy season starts. “This means we have to secure the rural parts of Nigeria as well as the urban centres because we need businesses to flourish. “So I believe that between now and probably the next two months, there will be a lot of activities to ensure that we recover and secure the environments for our people to lead a very normal life. “We also believe that the government is headed in the right direction. “You’ll recall that the National Economic Council approved of taking some funds from the Excess Crude Accounts to give more resources to our armed forces. “This is a commendable effort and we are ready to help with appropriation to ensure that we acquire those security weapons for the armed forces of this country to end this insecurity in the northeast, in the northwest, in the southeast/South-south and southwest as well. “We believe that this is also going to help empower and build the capacity of other security agencies like the police because the police need to be there.” They’re supposed to maintain the internal security and whenever this the armed forces secure an environment, the police should be there to stay put and make sure there are law and order.” The Nation •Says president has provided details of borrowing plan•PSC bill passage to generate additional N420bn for 2020 budget Abuja (Sundiata Post) - President of the Senate, Dr. Ahmad Lawan, yesterday said with sufficient information supplied by the federal government to back its request to borrow $29.9 billion, the Senate would approve… In "Top Stories" ....Receives Briefs from DSS, Police chiefs By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  The leadership of the Senate on Wednesday called on all well meaning Nigerians to intervene in the ongoing demonstrations across the country with a view to halting the #EndSARS protests. The President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan… In "Top Stories" By Naomi Sharang Abuja - President of the Senate Ahmad Lawan says the National Assembly will begin debate on the Petroleum Industry Bill (PIB) and Electoral Reforms Amendment Bill and Amendment of the 1999 Constitution. He stated this at an interactive journalists in Abuja on the achievements of the Senate… In "News"