The military in Myanmar has removed the Prime Minister, Aung San Suu Kyi from power.  The military seized power on Monday in a coup against the democratically elected government of the Nobel laureate. Aung San Suu Kyi before her ouster was de facto prime minister in her position as state counsellor. The United States has threatened sanction against the country as the United Nations condemned the coup. In an early morning raid, Suu Kyi was detained along with other leaders of her National League for Democracy (NLD) party. The army said it had carried out the detentions in response to “election fraud”, handing power to military chief Min Aung Hlaing and imposing a state of emergency for one year, according to a statement on a military-owned television station. The generals made their move hours before parliament had been due to sit for the first time since the NLD’s landslide win in a Nov. 8 election viewed as a referendum on Suu Kyi’s fledgling democratic government. Phone lines to the capital Naypyitaw and the main commercial centre of Yangon were not reachable, and state TV went off air. People rushed to markets in Yangon to stock up on food and supplies while others lined up at ATMs to withdraw cash. Soldiers took up positions at city hall in Yangon and mobile internet data and phone services in the NLD stronghold were disrupted, residents said. Internet connectivity also had fallen dramatically, monitoring service NetBlocks said. Source YANGON   - Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi has told the U.N. Special Rapporteur on Human Rights that the government will avoid using the term "Rohingya" to describe a persecuted Muslim minority in the country's northwest, an official told Reuters on Monday. Members of the 1.1 million group, who identify… In "Foreign" Yangon - Myanmar's opposition, the National League for Democracy (NLD) on Monday expressed optimism as ballots were being counted in the country's first openly contested elections in 25 years. "It is too early to congratulate our candidates," party leader Aung San Suu Kyi said at the party headquarters, ``but I… In "Foreign" Naypyitaw - Chinese President Xi Jinping and Myanmar State Counsellor, Aung San Suu Kyi, had a cordial and friendly talk at Myanmar’s presidential palace on Friday. The two leaders agreed to have an in-depth exchange of views on China-Myanmar relations and issues of mutual concern on Saturday. Before the talk,… In "Foreign"