Ekiti State Governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi has ratified the appointment of members of the Governing Council of the Bamidele Olumilua University of Education, Science and Technology, Ikere Ekiti. This was contained in a statemen by the governor’s Chief Press Secretary, Yinka Oyebode, on Friday. The Governing Council Members are: Chief Wole Olanipekun (SAN)- Chancellor, Chief Afolabi Ojuawo- Pro Chancellor and Chairman of Governing Council, Prof Kola Oladunjoye – Member. Others include: Mr S. I. Folorunso- Member,Otunba Kunle Ajayi- Member, Mrs Jumoke Adamolekun- Member ,Chief (Mrs) Moni Afuye- Member, Dr Segun Aina- Member and Dr Adelana Adeleye – Olusae – Member. The appointments, according to Fayemi take immediate effect. The College of Education, Ikere Ekiti was last year upgraded to a university status due to the agitations of the people of the town. Reacting to his appointment, Chief Wole Olanipekun (SAN), said he would bring his wealth of experience in the legal profession and education to bear in the development of the new citadel of learning. He promised to live up to the expectation of the people in his new appointment as the pioneer Chancellor of the Bamidele Olumilua University of Education, Science and Technology, Ikere Ekiti. The legal icon said he perceived the new appointment as an opportunity for him to contribute his quota to the development of the state, particularly to human capital development. “I appreciate Governor Kayode Fayemi for this lofty appointment that would make me contribute meaningfully to the development of my state . “I am particularly elated that the university is sited in my home town and I will do all within my capacity to build the university to an institution we can all be proud of.” Olanipekun said his experience as a former Pro Chancellor and Chairman of Governing Council, University of Ibadan and his present position as the Pro Chancellor and Chairman of Council, Ajayi Crowther University, Oyo, would assist him in his present position. The Nation By Ariwodola Idowu Ado Ekiti - Gov. Kayode Fayemi of Ekiti on Monday approved the appointment of Prof. Victor  Adeoluwa as the Provost of College of Education, Ikere- Ekiti. A statement issued in Ado Ekiti on Monday by Fayemi’s Chief Press Secretary, Yinka Oyebode, said Adeoluwa, a professor of Education,… In "News" The Governor of Ekiti State, Dr. Kayode Fayemi has commiserated with members of the immediate family of the late Lady Deborah Jibowu and the Fasanmade family of Ido-Ile Ekiti on the demise of their matriach, Lady Deborah Opeyemi Jibowu at the age of 95. Lady Jibowu was reputed for being… In "News" By Ariwodola Idowu Ado Ekiti - The Governing Council of Ekiti State University, Ado Ekiti, has approved the dismissal of Mr Olola Aduwo with effect from Oct. 7, 2019 for sexually harassing a female student of the institution. The council also approved the dismissal of Mr Cephas Faleye and Dr… In "News"