Some men of the Nigeria Police Force have allegedly shot two persons dead while two others were injured on Saturday.  This happened during a clash between commercial motorcyclists known as okada riders and policemen at the Otunoba Itire area of Lagos. According to reports, some policemen from the Itire division seized motorcycles from two riders who were Hausa around 8am and took the bikes to their station. The owners of the motorcycles were said to have reported the incident to their members who followed them to the police station on motorcycles to protest the seizure. The police fired teargas canisters to disperse the protesters, who in turn reportedly hurled stones and planks at the cops. A source who reached out to SaharaReporters, said the incident occurred close to her house. She said the clash left two persons dead and two others in critical conditions. She said, “A fight ensued between policemen and bike men (commercial motorcyclists). I think the bike men were trying to attack the police officers, so, the policemen started shooting into the air but when the bike men started throwing stones and planks and started bringing out machetes, the policemen had to start shooting at them directly. I think they shot four – two died and some are injured.” In the video attached to the report, one of the victims hit in the mouth by a bullet had a gaping wound in his mouth. Abuja (Sundiata Post) - A police officer has reportedly killed a bike man over N100 bribe in the Okota area of Lagos. According to reports, the officer killed a certain Aliu Rafiu, a motorcycle rider in the area, who was on his way to work in the early hours of… In "News" Outraged by the menace of commercial motorcycles popularly referred to as ``Okada’’ and their involvement in the number of traffic fatalities, Governor Akinwunmi Ambode of Lagos State, says his administration is mulling a total ban on the two-wheeled vehicle. The threat followed the March 3 mayhem at the popular Mile… In "News" LAGOS - The Lagos State Police Command said on Wednesday that it had quelled the protest by commercial motorcyclists, otherwise called ``Okada riders’’ at Lekki Phsase I in Lagos. The Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), DSP Kenneth Nwosu, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) that the force on getting… In "Top Stories"