Governor Kayode Fayemi of Ekiti state has paid a visit to commiserate with the wife of an Air Force personnel who lost his life in the plane crash which occurred on Sunday, February 21.  The Nigeria Air Force had on Sunday released the names of officers who died in the Beechcraft Kingair B350i plane crash. In a statement issued by the Air Force spokesman, Ibikunle Daramola, the officers are; Flight Lieutenant Haruna Gadzama (Captain), Flight Lieutenant Henry Piyo (Co-pilot), Flying Officer Micheal Okpara (Airborne Tactical Observation System specialist). Other victims included Warrant Officer Bassey Etim (ATOS specialist), Flight Sergeant Olasunkanmi Olawunmi (ATOS specialist), Sergeant Ugochukwu Oluka (ATOS specialist), Aircraftman Adewale Johnson (Onboard Technician). The aircraft crashed closed to the Abuja airport due to engine failure. The Nigerian Air Force spokesman explained that Chief of the Air Staff, Air Vice Marshal Oladayo Amao, has ordered an immediate probe of the accident.  The Ekiti State governor, Kayode Fayemi, has now paid a condolence visit to Omolola Olawunmi, wife of Flight Sergeant Olasunkanmi Olawunmi who died in the Air Force plane crash. The tranquility that characterises Nassau Village in the Federal Capital Territory, Abuja, was on Sunday disturbed when a jet belonging to the Nigerian Air Force crash landed in the area. Noise from aircraft is not strange to residents of the village, being one of the settlements that bordered the Nnamdi… In "Features" By Doris Esa Abuja -  The Nigerian Air Force has confirmed the death of five crew members on board the Nigerian Air Force (NAF) Mi-35M Helicopter that crashed in combat on Wednesday in Borno. The helicopter crashed while providing close air support to troops of 145 Battalion in Damasak. Air… In "Top Stories" Tehran - Both black boxes from a Ukrainian passenger jet that crashed near Tehran early Wednesday have been found and are being investigated by Iranian aviation experts. According to news agency Isna, finding both black boxes means experts investigating the causes of the crash can work more effectively. The public… In "News"