The Federal Government has approved construction of the first National Information and Communications Technology (ICT) park at N 8.9 billion.  It followed the presentation of a memo by Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr Isa Pantami to the Federal Executive Council.  The Nation gathered on Thursday in Abuja the park would occupy about 4,200 square meter of land and would exhibit state-of-the-art facilities when completed. It would also accommodate the National ICT Exhibition Centre as well as Museum for ICT and postal services to showcase technology-related innovations by Nigerians. A statement from the Technical Adviser to the Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr Femi Adeluyi confirmed that the National ICT park will be supported by the National Digital Innovation and Entrepreneurship Centre (NDIEC) . “Both (the NDIEC and the Park) are legacy projects of the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari, ” Dr Adeluyi said. All the parastatal of the Ministry will be involved in managing the National Centres, he added. Adeluyi said:” The National ICT Park would be a focal point for the supervision of both public and private ICT hubs in the country. “The N8.9 billion park will be built on a 4,200 square meter land. The Park will serve as a centre for National ICT Policy formulation, Research and Development. “Through it, the Federal Government will provide the enabling environment for creative Nigerians to come up with innovative technologies. “The Park will have a number of benefits including boosting the digital economy, provision of space and environment for the growth of innovation driven enterprises (IDEs), serving as an incubator for cutting-edge technology and a mentorship platform for innovators, amongst others. “It will provide a central location for Nigerian innovators with vibrant and developmental ideas to receive mentorship and all that they need to thrive.”  Source Being a remark by Dr. Isa Ali Pantami, Minister of Communication and Digital Economy at the Groundbreaking of the Centre in Abuja on February 4, 2021 I am highly delighted to be at the epoch making event of the Groundbreaking Ceremony of the National Digital Innovation and Entrepreneurship Centre, Abuja.… In "News" The Honourable Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr Isa Ali Ibrahim (Pantami), FNCS, FBCS, FIIM has commended MainOne, a Technology Service Provider for its steadfastness towards achieving Nigeria’s migration from natural resources economy to knowledge based economy. The Minister, who was represented by Director General, National Information Technology Development… In "News" By Abdullahi Shugaba Hadejia(Jigawa) - The Minister of Communication and Digital Economy, Dr Isa Pantami, has urged the people of Hadejia in Jigawa, to utilise Information Communication Technology (ICT) for economic growth. Pantami made the call when he inaugurated the Hadejia Community ICT Centre on Tuesday. He said the Hadejia… In "News"