Ebonyi Governor David Umahi has called for flushing out of all criminal elements from the forests in the southeast by security agencies. The Governor stated this in Abakaliki, capital of Ebonyi State on Monday. He spoke at the All Progressive Congress (APC) Ebonyi State chapter stakeholders meeting, which held at the Ecumenical Centre. He said: “In our forests today, we have the kidnappers, herdsmen, cultists, all sorts of criminals, anybody staying in the forest is taking a risk, when we say that people should move out of the forests, it is for their safety and security, so I support that kidnappers, herdsmen, cultists, and bandits should be flushed out of our forests.” Umahi, who is also the Chairman of Southeast Governors Forum, said the zone had since banned the movement of cows by foot. He enjoined leaders to exhibit patriotism in their conduct to guarantee unity. He called on leaders and stakeholders of the zone to speak up and desist from playing politics with the security of the zone and nation. “Governors of South East have been calling on our leaders to speak out on the security of the zone and unity of Nigeria, I read on paper where someone said he was giving Governors of South East 7-days to ban open grazing, the Governors of southeast had banned open grazing and movement of cows by foot into South East, in each of States of the South East, we are managing ourselves well, what we discuss with the herdsmen is the system in place for a long time.” The Nation Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria (MACBAN) Thursday endorsed Governor Dave Umahi for the presidency of Nigeria come 2023. At the well-attended South East Security Summit in Enugu, the national president of the group, Alhaji Muhammadu Kirowa told the gathering without mincing words that Umahi is the next president… In "Top Stories" THERE was disquiet in the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) on Tuesday, following the defection of Ebonyi State Governor David Umahi to the All Progressives Congress (APC). It was learnt that the defection unsettled the party’s leadership after making a last-minute effort to dissuade Umahi from leaving its fold. The party… In "Politics" It took the unveiling of the controversial Western Nigeria Security Network (WNSN) codenamed 'Operation Amotekun' by the Southwest governors for the Southeast zone to realise it had nursed similar ideas. The regional security network, a response to the rising insecurity in the western zone, was set up with the intention… In "Features"