A civilian driver with the Nigeria Police Force attached to the Federal Investigation Bureau, Special Tactical Squad, Lagos, Waheed Adewale, has been arrested while allegedly attempting to sell a car snatched in Lagos at gunpoint.  The suspect was about to sell off the car in Osogbo, the Osun state capital, when he was arrested. The Osun State Commissioner of Police, Mr Wale Olokode, while parading the suspect on Friday, said he was intercepted on January 20, 2021 when he was looking for a buyer for the car.  Olokode said, “One Waheed Adewale, aged 52, from Ikeja, Lagos State, was intercepted and arrested with a Toyota Camry with number plate, FKJ 818 DL, along llobu/lfon Road, where the suspect was trying to look for a buyer for a car. “Further investigation revealed that the car was snatched at gunpoint opposite World Oil, Jakande area, Lekki, Lagos State. Efforts are already in top gear to apprehend other suspects. The suspect will be charged to court at the completion of investigation.” But while speaking to PUNCH Metro, Adewale denied being a thief, saying his boss at Alagbon, Lagos, only used him to track the stolen vehicle.  He said, “I am a civilian working with the police. I am attached to FIB STS as a driver. One Alhaji Suleman called me concerning a Camry car last week Tuesday. He told me the car was stolen. I quickly rushed to the Force Headquarters, Alagbon, to meet an ASP. The ASP took me to a Deputy Commissioner of Police. The vehicle was in Ibadan, but was later moved to Osogbo. “But the ASP said they could not move immediately to track the car. He then said they would use me to track the vehicle because they could not leave Lagos immediately and he gave me transport fare.  “I arrived at Osogbo late. The following morning, I called those that were keeping the vehicle and they told me that they were at Isale Osun, Osogbo. When I met them, they said they could not get a buyer for it. I was arrested while we were looking for money to retain the vehicle. I am not a thief.” By Monday Ijeh Abuja - The police on Thursday in Abuja said seven suspects were arrested in connection with robbery operation in three banks.The police said six police officers were killed in Ondo and Ekiti States during the robberiesThe Force Public Relations Officer (FPRO), Mr Frank Mba, disclosed this at… In "News" Four suspected car robbers who specialized in using sedative drugs to snatch cars from owners have been arrested by operatives of the Inspector General of police Intelligence Response Team (IRT). The suspects are: Kingsley Iwueze,34, whose role is to drive  stolen vehicles to Onitsha and other parts of the  Southeast;… In "Metro" A group of men suspected to be members of a robbery gang in Oyo state have been paraded by the police. Among the suspects were a soldier, a Naval officer and his twin brother. The 15-man gang were reportedly on the wanted list of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad, Lagos The… In "News"