A suspected herder has inflicted serious injuries on a teenage boy and his father at Osuan forest in former President Goodluck Jonathan’s community of Otuoke in Ogbia Local Government Area of Bayelsa State.  It was gathered the herder attacked Mr Goodhead Nation and his 18-year-old son, Samuel Nation, over his missing cow at the Osuan forest. The unidentified herder was said to have attacked Samuel with a machete and inflicted serious wounds on his fingers and head. However, Samuel’s 58-year-old father, Goodhead Nation, reportedly managed to escape further attacks with heavy bruises on the left hand. It was further gathered Samuel underwent four-hour surgery at the emergency wards of the Federal Medical Centre (FMC), Yenagoa, where he was rushed to after the deadly attack. Narrating the incident, Nation said the attack occurred on Saturday evening while they were working on their palm farm. He said the herder came through the back entrance of his farm and accused them of stealing his cow. Samuel Nation, the boy injured by a suspected Fulani herder in Otuoke, Bayelsa StateHe said: “We told him we did not know anything about his missing cow. I asked him to look at us whether we looked like people who could kill a cow. He appeared adamant. After some seconds, he attacked me with his big stick. “He later brought out his machete and chased my son. We later discovered my son by the riverside with heavy machete cuts on the head, waist and hand.” Spokesman for the Ijaw Youth Council (IYC), Ebilade Ekerefe, who visited the victim at the hospital, expressed sadness over the incident, warning he believed that the incident was an isolated one. He said: “Let me say, this is not the first time the herdsmen’s incident has happened. But this is one incident too many. “Considering the mood of the country, the Ijaw youths will not carry out reprisals. We believe it is an isolated attack. We do not want to believe that the attack was planned. “We want to call on security agencies to arrest the culprit. If the culprit is not arrested it will show that it was planned. The Hausa/Fulani community in Bayelsa should show sympathy with the victim by ensuring the culprit is arrested. We don’t want to preempt anyone. They should come out to exonerate themselves. “Ijaw youths should brace up and defend their clans against any form of enemy attacks. The Ijaw youths should welcome peace-loving people and defend themselves against any form of threats.” Bayelsa Commissioner of Police, Mike Okoli, confirmed the incident.  He appealed to the residents of the state to remain calm, saying the command was working assiduously to identify the suspected herder and apprehend him. A statement on Sunday by the command’s spokesman, Asinim Butswat, said: “On February 20, 2021 at about 0800hours, an unidentified herder at Osuan bush, Otuoke community, Ogbia LGA, assaulted one Kohgi Samuel Nation ‘m’ 18 years and inflicted grievous wounds on his fingers and head, over an allegation of a missing cow. “The victim was immediately rescued by Police operatives and is responding to treatment at the Federal Medical Centre, Yenagoa.”  Source Hack 70-year-old to death, chop off son’s hand Monarch: they rape our women and daughters incessantly We’re already addressing the problem –Police Suspected herdsmen have continued to wreak havoc at Oja Odan and 28 other communities in Yewa North Local Government Area of Ogun State, where they recently killed a… In "News" Not a few residents of Ketu-speaking villages in Yewa North Local Government Area, Ogun State were brutalised by soldiers who escorted herdsmen to graze in the communities, prompting residents and monarchs to cry out to the military and state government for help, KUNLE AKINRINADE reports.Seye Mulero panted like a rat… In "News" Some suspected herdsmen have reportedly taken over some areas covering about 8km in Orin-Ekiti, Ido/Osi local government area of Ekiti State near Governor Kayode Fayemi’s hometown, Isan-Ekiti. The Nation gathered that the herders hoisted a red flag at the ‘annexed’ farmlands where they warned farmers to keep off or face… In "Metro"