Following the abduction of students of Government Girls Secondary School, Jangebe, in Talata Mafara Local Government Area of Zamfara State in the early hours of today February 26, a teacher has alleged that close to 550 students were kidnapped by bandits.  The teacher who spoke to Daily Trust said out of 600 students of the school, about 50 were left behind. He also disclosed that parents of the students who escaped the abduction, came as early as 5am to take away their daughters, adding that some mothers of the kidnapped girls were slumping on the school premises. The teacher said; “Initially, the school authorities prevented them from going with the remaining students but they grew angrier and began to pull down doors and windows of the buildings in the school and the school authority had to yield to their demands. “When the gunmen laid siege, they attacked the soldiers stationed in the community before they gained entry into the school. “Some people told us that they stationed vehicles at the outskirts of the school. “Security operatives and the local vigilante groups are trailing the gunmen and dozens of other residents have volunteered to take part in the search.”  Source It has been revealed that some of the abducted schoolgirls in the state were made to trek by their attackers. The information was revealed by the Zamfara State Government. Gunmen had broken into Government Girls Secondary School, Jangebe, in the early hours of Friday, and whisked away a yet-to-be-revealed number… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate Wednesday called on President Muhammadu Buhari, to as a matter of urgency, declare a state of emergency on insecurity in the country. This was just as the Upper Chamber condemned in very strong terms, Wednesday’s abduction of students and teachers of Government… In "Top Stories" The names of some staff member of the Government Science College, Kagara, Niger State that were kidnapped in the early hours of Wednesday by gunmen suspected to be bandits has been revealed. The staff members were identified as Mrs Salmanu, Mr Lawal, Mr Ali, Mr Batagi, Mr Mohammed Abubakar and… In "News"