A man killed his wife and their unborn child by pushing her off a cliff.  According to Dailymail, Hakan Aysal, 40, was arrested for the murder of his wife Semra Aysal, 32, and their unborn baby while they were on holiday in Butterfly Valley in the city of Mugla, Turkey. Aysal allegedly pushed his wife, who was seven months pregnant at the time, off the cliff where she and the baby were killed instantly in June 2018. The couple had been taking pictures together on the cliff, and prosecutors say the ‘accident’ was in fact murder carried out by Aysal so that he could cash in on the insurance he took out shortly before Semra’s death. In the indictment prepared for the crime of ‘deliberate murder’ against the husband, it states that he ‘planned the murder of his wife by first taking out a personal accident insurance on her behalf with a guarantee of 400,000 Turkish Lira (£40,865) and where the only beneficiary was himself’. Prosecutors claimed that the only reason they sat on top of the cliff for three hours was so that he could make sure no one was around. They allege that as soon as Aysal realised they were alone, he deliberately killed her by pushing her off the cliff.  The indictment also noted that Aysal had claimed the insurance payment a short while later, but it was declined when news of the investigation was unveiled. The Fethiye High Criminal Court has ruled that he be remanded in custody for premeditated murder. In a video interview, the court heard from the victim’s brother Naim Yolcu who said: ‘When we went to the Forensic Medicine Institute to get the body, Hakan was sitting in the car. My family and I were destroyed, but Hakan did not even appear sad.’ He added: ‘My sister was always against taking out loans. However, after she died, we learned that she had three loans taken by Hakan on behalf of my sister. ‘Also, Semra had a fear of heights, what extreme sport is she going to be doing when she is scared of heights?’ Aysal was also asked about the article in the accident personal insurance stating that he would be the heir if Semra died. Aysal said; ‘I did not examine the policy much. The banker arranged the paperwork. I just brought it to my wife to get it signed. I was not aware that there was such an article.’ He has denied being responsible for her death, saying: ‘After taking a photo, my wife put the phone in her bag. Later she asked me to give her the phone. ‘I got up and then heard my wife scream behind me when I walked a few steps away to get the phone from her bag. When I turned back, she was not there. I did not push my wife.’  Source A Nigerian pastor and his mistress have been caught by the long hands of the law as a court sitting recently sentenced the duo to death for the murder of a senior staff of the Nigerian National Petroleum Company (NNPC). The pastor identified as Udoka Ukachuckwu, and his mistress, Eniobong… In "Metro" Anya Adaeze was reportedly beaten to death by her husband A Nigerian man has allegedly killed his own wife by beating her to death in Akure, Ondo state. The man identified as Olabode Oluwasanmi beat up his 8-month pregnant wife who is also a nurse, Anya Adaeze, aka Mummy David,… In "Metro" It was a marriage doomed from the beginning, and after 13 years, it culminated in a tragedy. Presently, the couple, who live in Lafia, capital of Nasarawa State, are gradually coming to terms with the fact that they have opened a Pandora’s box. It started with the husband’s deceit––hiding his… In "Relationship"