Pastor Sam Adeyemi of Lagos-based church, Daystar Christian Centre, says Nigeria may go from one crisis to another if its current leadership does not change its culture. According to him, members of the Nigerian elite and those in government were not leading the citizens on the path of progress, hence, the fury in the land. He, therefore, charged the Nigerian elite to start speaking “understandably” to the masses and start leading the people in the path of growth. ICYMI: Nigerians don’t need permission to live in Ondo forests —Bauchi gov The cleric spoke on Friday during ‘Radio Now’s Urgent Conversation’ with the theme, ‘The Fierce Urgency Of Now: Tactics And Strategies To Pull Nigeria From The Brink’. Adeyemi, who joined the event virtually, said, “When you look from a leadership standpoint, these crises we are going through are predictable. I had said to the people that listened to me years ago that Nigeria will go from crisis to crisis. Why? Because we have a culture basically that is not aligned with principles. We are dealing with cultural issues, deep issues, mindsets, beliefs, values, that eventually influence behaviour. “So, the leadership culture itself has a big problem because there is a wide gap between the leader and the led. It is a cultural problem –the leader is very powerful, the led powerless.  “Leadership requires change, that is the essence, if you are not taking me from A to B, you are not leading me. If we stand on the same spot for 12 hours, you are standing in front of me for 12 hours and they ask you what are you doing to him? You say I am leading him, that is not true; you actually obstructing my progress. We need to move forward.” Continuing, Adeyemi stated, “We should be discussing Nigeria’s development. Nigeria needs to move into the 21st century as fast as possible. This whole thing is about the economy. If you have any problem in Nigeria today, somebody is making money from it. Boko Haram is about money-making, banditry is about money-making, kidnapping is about money-making. Why don’t we then create a country where people can make money legitimately?  “Once, we begin to discuss that with Nigerians, the vision will give people hope. Presently there is despair, people can’t see the way forward.” Adeyemi further said breaking away as a nation was not the way out, stressing that restructuring will bring about the empowerment of the masses. Other speakers at the event include Governor Nasir El-Rufai of Kaduna State; Governor Kayode Fayemi of Ekiti State; Senate Minority Leader, Enyinnaya Abaribe, amongst others. Punch Nigerian Prophet T.B. Joshua sounded a prophetic alarm in his church service yesterday, stating that a “very big ‘bigshot’” in Nigeria would soon be attacked and killed.“Last time, I said we should pray for Nigerian ‘bigshots’ – because I am seeing these people begin to target them,” the cleric stated… In "News" By Dorcas Jonah and Chiamaka Ubabuko Abuja -   The Minister of Youths and Sports Development, Solomon Dalung, on Monday inaugurated a six-man reconciliation committee to bring lasting solution to the lingering crisis in the Nigeria Football Federation (NFF). Inaugurating the committee in Abuja, Dalung said the NFF crisis has… In "Sports" •Adams Oshiomhole and Godwin Obaseki I condemn, in the strongest terms, the disqualification of the incumbent Governor of Edo State, by the APC screening committee under the leadership of a Professor, Ayuba Jonathan, over alleged inconsistencies in the Governor’s academic credentials. I am indeed, very disappointed and embarrassed that Professors,… In "Politics"