A police inspector attached to the Owerri Area command police headquarters, simply identified as Umoh, has shot and killed himself. The incident occurred on Wednesday at the heart of the state capital, Owerri. A source at the Area Command headquarters told The Nation the officer shot himself after locking himself up in one of the rooms in the quarters. The development, our correspondent, learnt caused panic in the area. According to the source, the inspector was a visiting cop who was at the area command on special duty. The source said though the mobile officer complained of being sick nobody envisaged he was going to take his life. The source said: “Mobile officers came back and one of them went to one of the rooms and locked it. The next minute, we heard a gunshot. “When we approached the quarters, it was discovered that the door was locked. It was forced opened and the mobile policeman was found dead in the pool of his blood. He shot himself on his stomach.” When contacted, a spokesperson for the police command, Orlando Ikeokwu, confirmed the incident. He however said Commissioner of Police, Nasiru Muhammed, had ordered an investigation into the incident. The Nation A police inspector with the Anambra state Police command, Kenneth Enamika, has allegedly committed suicide after killing a couple, Cajethan and Oluchi Aputanze, in Mgbidi, Oru West Local Government Area of the state. Confirming the incident, the spokesperson of the state police command, Orlando Ikeokwu, said Enamika in a suicide… In "News" The Imo State Command of the Nigerian Police Force (NPF), has launched an intensive investigation to unravel the cause of death of one of its men found dead in the street of Owerri, the state capital. The body of the policeman, identified as Haruna Kaura, was reportedly found dead at… In "News" A police Corporal, simply identified as Stanley, attached to the Ughelli Police Area Command, Ughelli, Delta State, was on Thursday shot dead by suspected hoodlums, who hijacked the #EndSARS protest, which began peacefully in the town.   The deceased was reportedly shot by one of the protesters at Otuvwodo area… In "News"