Players and officials of Adamawa United FC have been attacked and their driver kidnapped. Sources in Adamawa State said Saturday morning that the players were attacked at gunpoint on the Benin-Ore expressway. Their phones, money and other valuables were taken away by the attackers who seized the team’s driver. The sources said the incident occurred about 5.30 am as the players were travelling for their Week 11 NPFL fixture against the MFM FC in Lagos. According to a player on the team, Sadiq Lawan, about eight of the attackers emmerged from the bush and swooped on the team, shooting into the air. Sadiq Lawan who spoke on phone from Benin, added, “They (attackers) ordered us out, took our money and our phones. It was later we found out that our driver was taken away. We came back to Benin City.” The Permanent Secretary in the Adamawa State Ministry of Youths and Sports, Alhaji Aliyu Jada confirmed the attack. It was also learnt, as at the time of filing this report his report that the kidnappers had contacted the team manager and given him 24 hours to produce N20m for the driver to be released. The Nation The players and officials of Nigeria Professional Football League side, Adamawa United, have been attacked by gunmen, The PUNCH reports. They were attacked by gunmen around Benin-Ore Expressway on Friday night. The incident happened about 11.45pm, on their way to Lagos for an NPFL clash versus MFM FC. As of… In "Sports" Boko Haram gunmen stormed a crowded market in Nigeria’s restive northeastern state of Borno, killing several people and carting away food, witnesses said Saturday. Dressed in military and police uniforms, dozens of insurgents attacked the town of Mainok, 56 kilometres outside Maiduguri, the state capital late Thursday, firing a rocket-propelled… In "News" MAIDUGURI, Nigeria - Suspected Boko Haram insurgents rounded up and shot dead dozens of people in a raid in a town in northeast Nigeria on Wednesday, military and local sources said, part of a resurgence of attacks in Borno state in the past month. "Many people were killed," said a military… In "News"