Statesmen, politicians, monarchs, top government officials and other eminent Nigerians have paid tributes to the first civilian governor of Lagos State, Alhaji Lateef Kayode Jakande, who passed on Thursday. The veteran journalist and politician died in his house during breakfast. He was 91. Jakande was elected Governor in 1979 on the platform of the defunct Unity Party of Nigeria (UPN) led by the late Chief Obafemi Awolowo. He was re-elected in 1983 general elections. He also served as Minister of Works and Housing under the Abacha regime. His son, Deji, a former House of Representatives member, said he showed no sign of illness in the last 24 hours. In fact, Jakande, fondly called Baba Kekere by admirers, revalidated his membership of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) on Wednesday.Deji said: “We thank God for his life. He was not sick. He took his pap and crayfish yesterday. He was stil reading his newspapers without glasses. “We had stopped visitors from going to him because of Covid-19 because he likes shaking people. Today (yesterday), he was about to take his breakfast. Suddenly, he couldn’t breathe again. We called the doctor to come and examine him. That was between 10.30 am and 11.am. “Many people have been calling. The Governor, the deputy governor, the party chairman had called. “He will be buried tomorrow after Jumat Service before 4pm at the Vaults and Gardens, Ikoyi. Source: The Podium Lagos - Governor Akinwunmi Ambode of Lagos State on Thursday described Alhaji Lateef Jakande as a progressive leader and a pacesetter who added value to the face of good governance in the State. Ambode, who was represented by the Deputy Governor, Dr Idiat Adebule, said this at the 86th birthday… In "News" By Taiye Agbaje Abuja -  Rep Abubakar Chika (APC-Niger), on Thursday, urged the Federal Government to immortalise former President Shehu Shagari by renaming Abuja Eagle Square after him. Chika made the call at Thursday’s plenary in Abuja when the house paid tribute to Shagari and a member, Abayomi Ayeola, who… In "News" Bolaji Buhari Lagos - A former Deputy Governor of Lagos State, Alhaja Sinatu Ojikutu, has congratulated the first civilian Governor of the state, Alhaji Lateef Jakande, who attained the age of 91 on Thursday. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Jakande governed Lagos State from 1979-1983. In a… In "Politics"