Jigawa state lawmakers have passed into law a bill which sentences kidnappers to death and life imprisonment for rapists.  Speaker of the House, Hon. Idris Garba Jahun said passage of the bill into law followed the adoption of the report of the House Standing Committee on Judiciary chaired by the member representing Hadejia constituency, Hon. Abubakar Jallo. The bill which had fifty-seven recommendations from the committee before it was signed into law, is in line with Islamic and societal norms as well as operating justice system and procedure. The new law stated that anyone convicted of rape will bag a life imprisonment alongside those who helped in committing the offence. Victims of rape are to receive a compensation of not less than N500,000. It also prescribes death sentence for kidnappers and also for rapists who infected their victims with HIV. It adds; “The case of kidnapping is death penalty, while a rape case is life imprisonment and if the victim is infected with HIV Aids, then the culprit will receive a death penalty. “Anybody who attempts to commit rape shall upon conviction be punished with imprisonment for a term of not less than 14 years and without the option of fine. “Also, under the law, the use of vulgar language and nude pictures by traditional medicine sellers is prohibited and punishable.”  Source By Edwin Uhara Since the Federal Government made it's intension to acquire and inoculate Nigerians with Covid-19 vaccines was made public, I have read several critical comments against the plan by some Nigerians opposing the move without proposing alternative solution to the reality of the pandemic in our country. Most… In "Opinion" Ado-Ekiti  - Justice Aderonke Aderemi of Oyo State High Court says the penalty for rape is too mild. She made the remark during workshop on Violence against Persons (Prohibition) Law organised by Initiative for Social Development with support of British High Commission, in Ado-Ekiti on Wednesday. Aderemi said those found… In "Metro" Just when one thought the issue of rape is becoming a fading crime of yesteryears, several back to back cases witnessed in the past few weeks prove that we may have been in a hurry to make that assertion. To many, the COVID-19 pandemic must have revealed a lot of… In "Opinion"