Mrs Chidiebere Onyia, the Nigerian Television Authority (NTA) reporter who was abducted by gunmen in Portharcourt has regained freedom.  The mother of three was kidnapped by four men in traffic around Woji railway crossing in Port Harcourt around 8pm on Tuesday evening, February 9, on her way home from work. Spokesperson of the State Police Command, Nnamdi Omoni, who confirmed the latest development in a statement said the nursing mother was released by her abductors in the early hours of Sunday, February 14. “The Rivers Police Command is pleased to announce the unconditional release of Chidiebere Onyia, a reporter with NTA Port Harcourt, who was kidnapped last week. Her release was made possible due to the intense pressure mounted by the command as directed by the authority,” he stated. “Her abductors on seeing the red flag and oblivious of the fact that we were closing in on them, however, bowed to the seeming pressure and abandoned her, from where she was sighted and rescued. She is currently receiving medical attention and will be debriefed and released to reunite with her waiting family,” Mr Omoni, a superintendent of police said.  Source Dreaded kidnappers have abducted a female reporter with Nigeria Television Authority, NTA identified as Mrs Chidiebele Julian Nweke Onyia. The sad incident took place in Port Harcourt. Available details of how she was kidnapped are sketchy at the time of filing this report. But according to a post by Mrs… In "News" The Assistant Manager, News and Current Affairs, Nigeria Television Authority (NTA), channel 6, Aba, Abia State; Mrs. Chinyere Okoye has reportedly regained her freedom. Though information about her release was still sketchy, it was learnt that she regained her freedom on Friday morning. Our reporter could not confirm if the… In "News" Kidnappers who abducted a young Nigerian lawyer, Bisola Ajayi have been begged to release her. The appeal was made by the Nigerian Bar Association, NBA. It was gathered that unknown gunmen abducted the Port Harcourt-based Lawyer, Barrister Bisola Ajayi Saturday night at the Rumukurushi axis in Obio/Akpor LGA in Rivers… In "News"