Three persons were feared killed on Sunday and several others injured during a clash between Erin-Osun and Ilobu in Irepodun Local Government Area of Osun State over land dispute.  The two communities have been on loggerhead for months over land boundaries. Youths from the two communities clashed on Saturday evening leaving one person feared dead and five with gunshots wound. The Nation saw a viral video on Sunday morning where the warring youths brandished weapons while another video showed how they engaged in a gun battle. The Nation gathered that the crash occurred at Oke-Awesin area and later spread to CAC area in Ilobu. Spokesperson of Police Command, Mrs Yemisi Opalola, on Saturday night said two youths Adamu and Abdullah Tairu were shot in the legs during the communal clash. Meanwhile, on Sunday morning, our correspondent gathered the youths from the two communities clashed early hours till around 11:30am before the Nigerian Army was deployed to the scene. Our correspondent, who visited some areas, observed a lifeless youth suspected to have died as a result of gunshots was brought into the King’s palace of Ilobu. Governor, Adegboyega Oyetola, through the Secretary to the State Government, Prince Wole Oyebamiji in a statement declared a 24-hours curfew in Irepodun and Orolu Local Government Areas as a result of the communal clash. He said”The declaration of curfew became necessary to douse tension in the troubled area. This will subsist until further notice. “Governor Adegboyega Oyetola had ordered the immediate deployment of armed policemen with support from the army to restore law and order. “As a responsible and responsive government that took the sacred oath to protect the lives and property of our citizens, we believe that the declaration of curfew is the way to go in this circumstance. “By this, security operatives have been directed to arrest and prosecute any person found violating the curfew and those responsible for the violence. “All citizens and residents of the affected Local Government Areas are enjoined to comply with this directive as any person found contravening this order shall be made to face the wrath of the law. “Government enjoins all our citizens to be peaceful and to be law-abiding as all efforts shall be made to protect them and their property.”  Source The renewed communal clash between Aguleri and Umueri in Anambra East local government area of Anambra State, has claimed the lives of two persons. Also, no fewer than four vehicles were burnt, including buildings, many others were injured in the clash Aguleri is Governor Willie Obiano’s Community, while Senator Emma… In "News" Violence that rocked #EndSARS protests across the country worsened on Tuesday with 43  protesters and six policemen losing their lives.   Protesters calling for the disbanding of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad of the Nigeria Police have been carrying out peaceful demonstrations across the country since October 8.   However,… In "Top Stories" “I have personally seen seven corpses; three corpses at Atewolara Junction, two corpses at Way Street, opposite Oando Filing Station, and two corpses at Oduwoye Junction, opposite the market. Soldiers are in the area to douse the tension and some of the corpses were evacuated by them, while some… In "News"