Following the second wave of the coronavirus pandemic, the Anambra state government has placed a curfew in the state, to curb the spread of the virus.  The Secretary to Anambra State government, Professor Solo Chukwulobelu, who disclosed this, said the curfew will start from Monday, February 8, and will last from 9pm to 6am daily until further notice. Chukwulobelu said the state governor, Willie Obiano, has directed that civil servants in the state, from grade level one to twelve should work from home until further notice, with immediate effect. Professor Chukwulobelu also announced other measures the state government is taking to help stop the spread of COVID-19 in the state. “The state government has activated and made operational mobile courts to try Covid-19 protocol offenders, beginning from Monday, 8th February 2021. Also, the state COVID-19 Task Force, including the Ministry of Health, and Ministry of Trade and Commerce have been empowered to increase their hospitals and markets surveillance, and to close immediately any hospital (private and government owned), and markets that do not comply with Covid-19 protocols in their operations” he said.  Source The NMA President, Professor Innocent Ujah, stated this in a telephone interview with one of our correspondents while commenting on government’s decision to reopen schools beginning from Monday (today). Ujah stated that although the association would not advise government not to reopen schools, he stated that authorities must ensure compliance… In "News" In a bid to stop the importation of the novel Coronavirus to the state, Rivers state governor, Nyesom Wike, has declared that any oil worker who intends to come into the state for work, must present his or her COVID-19 test result before they will be allowed access into the… In "Politics" •L-R: Coordinator, Abuja Zonal Office, Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency (NIMASA), Mr. Zailani Musa Attah, who represented the NIMASA DG, Dr. Bashir Jamoh; Permanent Secretary, General Services Office, Office of the Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Sir Olusegun Adekunle Esq; and Secretary to the Government of the… In "NIMASA & Maritime"