The Parliamentary Staff Association of Nigeria (PASAN) has vowed to shut down the National Assembly, the National Assembly Service Commission, all State Houses of Assembly, all State Houses of Assembly Service Commissions and others over the non – implementation of financial autonomy for the parliamentary arm of government. The workers are asking for full implementation of financial autonomy for all State Houses of Assembly. They asked the Nigerian Governors Forum to implement the demand or face a total shutdown through a nationwide strike. According to a strike notice addressed to President Muhammadu Buhari dated January 27th, 2021 the workers said they have been patient for two years without the implementation of financial autonomy for state Houses of Assemblies as demanded by Section 121(3) of the 1999 Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria. PASAN also expressed dismay at the action of the NGF armed at frustrating the implementation of financial autonomy for the State Houses of Assembly. The notice, which was jointly signed by the President of PASAN, Muhammad Usman and General Secretary D. D Suleiman, warned that should their demands not met on or before the expiration of the ultimatum, the association would be left with no other option than to pull her members out of duties. The statement further said: “Our members have ran out of patience and have resolved to forthwith put an end to condoning further delays to the implementation of the financial autonomy for State Houses of Assembly. “Consequent upon the forgoing, the union has resolved to in defense of democracy, issue a 21 days ultimatum to our employers and all other bodies charged with the implementation of letters of our constitution including Federal Government, the presidential Implementation Committee on Financial Autonomy for State Judiciary and legislature to ensure full implementation of financial autonomy in all the 36 State Houses of the Federation as provided in section 121(3) of the 1999 Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria as amended and in Executive Oder 10. “Failure to meet the above demand at the end of 21 days ultimatum will leave the union with no other option than to direct all its members nationwide to embark on an indefinite strike. “By implication, the nationwide strike shall see the shutdown of National Assembly, the National Assembly Service Commissions, all State Houses of Assembly, all State Houses of Assembly Service Commissions among others.” The Nation By Ismaila Chafe     Abuja    -       President Muhammadu Buhari has constituted a Presidential Implementation Committee on Autonomy of State Legislature and State Judiciary in accordance with the 4th Alteration to the 1999 Constitution. Mr Femi Adesina, the Special Adviser to the President on Media and… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Leadership of two chambers of the National Assembly on Tuesday waded into the crisis between the Parliamentary Staff Association of Nigeria (PASAN) and the management of the National Assembly with a promise to address all genuine grievances raised after the picketing embarked upon… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Management of the National Assembly (MNASS) has urged the Parliamentary Staff Association of Nigeria, (PASAN) to call off its proposed picketing and strike action but instead to continue to dialogue with the management of National Assembly. MNASS made the call while reacting to… In "News"