President Muhammadu Buhari has been asked by the Senate on Wednesday, February 17 to declare a state of emergency on insecurity following the abduction of students in Niger State by bandits.  The red chamber made the call following a point of order by Senator Sani Musa (APC, Niger East), on the abduction of students and staff of the Government Science Secondary School in Kagara, Niger State in the early hours of Wednesday.  Musa said the terrorist who whisked their victims away were dressed in military uniforms. He said the actual number of students abducted was not known but that the school had over 1000 students. The Senator said security agencies had explained that they were on the trail of the criminals. The Senate demanded the implementation of its ad hoc resolution on security and urged the combined team of military and police to set up an operation to destroy criminal camps across the country. Senator Sabi Abdullahi, also from Niger State, said the kidnappers and bandits were emboldened by the successes being recorded in the state in recent time as about 100 people had so far been kidnapped in the state. He said the forest from the FCT which extends to Niger up to Zamfara State was being used by the criminals. He said the fact that the bandits have invaded Niger State was an indication that the safety of lives and properties of FCT residents is being threatened. Senator Bima Enagi, also from Niger State, declared that the Buhari regime was incompetent to handle security challenges in the country. He said, “We need to amend the constitution so that governors should be chief security officers of their states since the government at the centre had failed to protect the lives and properties of Nigerians. “The Federal Government is busy giving palliative instead of creating employment, thus aggravating insecurity”. The President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, described the kidnap of the students as unfortunate. He, however, said the security agencies had challenges with personnel and funds. He said, “Abduction of students from school happens in the northern part of Nigeria. “With incidences like this, parents would be scared to take their wards to school, and the efforts of the past and by present leaders at providing education would be defeated. “Service chiefs have to secure the schools and have to carry the states along.”  Source The Senate has again recommended that President Muhammadu Buhari remove the Service Chiefs following increased insecurity in the country. The lawmakers made this resolution on Tuesday during the debate on the abduction of over 300 students following gunmen’s attack on Government Science Secondary School (GSS) in the Kankara Local Government… In "Politics" By Abdul-Rahman Abubakar & Isiaka Wakili The Federal Government has deployed hundreds of soldiers to combat armed gangs that are terrorising residents of Zamfara State. The armed bandits have killed dozens of residents while also rustling cattle. A source revealed to Daily Trust on Sunday that government has deployed soldiers… In "Top Stories" Prominent groups and Nigerians from different walks of life, on Sunday, took a swipe at the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), over Friday’s abduction of students of the Government Science Secondary School, Kankara, Katsina State. Most of those who reacted said Buhari had failed and said they were shocked… In "News"