THE President General of Ohaneze Ndigbo, Prof. George Obiozor, has frowned on the use of force, intimidation, and violence in crisis in Orsu in Orlu zone of Imo State, adding that it will amount to national catastrophe.  “The use of the violent method will lead to a synchronised national crisis and ultimate disintegration of Nigeria; this too must be avoided”. Obiozor, who spoke on Monday when his team visited the traditional ruler of Amaifeke in Orlu Local Government Area of Imo State, said those who preached or preferred military solution to Nigeria’s problem were equally a threat to Nigeria’s unity as those enemies they were fighting. He said, “Nigeria is in a precarious situation and a great caution must be taken by the leadership to avoid events that have the capacity of incrementally aggravating or opening more threats of national crisis.” He stated that insecurity in the country was real and should be treated as a matter of national emergency. Obiozor, however, thanked the South-East traditional leaders for their role in maintaining peace in the zone, adding that the Orlu senatorial zone was relatively the most peaceful in the country. Reacting, Eze Okeke, who is the Chairman of the state Council of Traditional Rulers thanked God that peace had eventually returned to Orlu. He said that the recent crisis between the Eastern Security Network of Indigenous People of Biafra and the military started from the EndSARS riot. The monarch said, “It is surprising to people that this crisis is happening in Orsu in Orlu zone. It should have taken place in the bush instead of the town. We don’t want war but peace.”  Source A former Nigerian ambassador to the United States, Israel and Cyprus, Prof. George Obiozor, has emerged the President-General of Ohanaeze Ndigbo. Obiozor emerged in an election held at Dan Anyim Stadium in Owerri, the Imo State capital. This was even as other candidates for the position boycotted the election. Chief… In "News" The youth wing of the apex Igbo sociocultural organization, Ohanaeze Ndigbo, worldwide, says there’s no crisis in the body in any way. The group told reporters Friday in Awka, Anambra State that the election that brought Prof George Obiozor as the president General was peaceful, free and fair in all… In "News" OWERRI (Sundiata Post) - Notable Igbo leaders under the auspices of Ohanaeze Ndigbo have resolved to work as team for the purposes of moving the Igbo Nation forward, even as they observed that Nigeria as a nation has not done well to champion the unity of the country. The meeting,… In "Top Stories"