Barely three days after delivering a keynote address at the Standards Organisation of Nigeria (SON) retreat in Calabar, turnaround expert and immediate past director general of the Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency (NIMASA), Dr Dakuku Peterside is to mount the podium again for another thought-provoking discourse. Dr. Peterside will on Friday deliver a paper titled ‘Challenging The Way We Deliver Higher Education In A Changing World’ at the First Honour’s Day Lecture of the Federal University, Otuoke, Bayelsa State. A statement from the university signed by the registrar, Yousuo Donald Iruo, revealed that the event is part of activities marking the send- forth of the institution’s second vice-chancellor, Professor Seth Accra Jaja. A columnist and technocrat, Dr. Peterside will share his thoughts on re-engineering the way tertiary education is delivered in an era of globalization and rapid technological disruptions and, the need to be innovation-driven. According to the university, Honour’s Day Lecture is a unique opportunity for town-gown interaction, which aligns with the desire of the institution to create platforms for academics and society to synergize in finding innovative solutions to society’s most pressing challenges. Federal University Otuoke, Bayelsa State, is one of the 12 universities established by the Goodluck Jonathan administration in 2011.The university, which currently has over 8,000 students and 200 teaching staff, is fast establishing itself as a force to reckon with in grooming high level manpower and research. ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The Director-General­ of Nigerian Maritime­ Administration and S­afety Agency (NIMASA), Dr ­Dakuku Peterside is t­o deliver this year’s University of Nigeri­a (UNN) Distinguished­ Persons Annual Lectu­re of the Faculty of Manag­ement. According to a state­ment from the univers­ity, the lecture is a­n annual academic event that… In "News" .....Floating Dock will Boost Nigeria’s Revenue-Ikpeazu · Navy: With SMVs We Can Reach Pirates Anywhere On Our Waters Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  The Integrated Security and Waterways Protection Infrastructure, commonly called the Deep Blue Project, received rave reviews on Tuesday from members of the House of Representatives Committee on Maritime Safety, Education… In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - President Muhammadu Buhari has appointed Dr. Warisenibo Dakuku Adolphus Peterside (popularly known as Dakuku Adol Peterside) as the Director-General/CEO of the Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency (NIMASA). According to a statement issued by Hajia Lami Tumaka, head of public relation, NIMASA, Dtr. Peterside replaces Mr.… In "Top Stories"