The Nigeria Police Force has begun aerial search for rescue of kidnapped students, teachers, and other staff of Government Science College, Kagara. The police spokesperson, Frank Mba, disclosed in a statement titled: Kagara abductions: We are committed to the safe rescue of all abductees, says IGP’, on Thursday. Mba also said that aerial surveillance had begun to ensure the rescue of the victims. The statement reads: “The Inspector-General of Police, M.A Adamu, has assured the nation that the Force is irrevocably committed to the safe rescue of all abductees in the recent attack on Government Science College, Kagara in Rafi Local Government Area of Niger State and other related incidents. “The IGP notes that a joint massive search and rescue mission involving the Police, the Military, and other law enforcement agencies is ongoing to ensure that all abducted persons are rescued unhurt and reunited with their families. “To give impetus to the rescue operation, the IGP has ordered the deployment of additional tactical, intelligence and investigative assets of the Force including four units of Police Mobile Force attached to Operation Puff Adder II, one Unit of Police Special Forces, personnel of the Counter-Terrorism Unit and operatives from the Force Intelligence Bureau and the Force Criminal Investigations Department. One police aerial surveillance helicopter has also been deployed. “The Police component of the search and rescue operation is being coordinated by the Commissioner of Police, Niger State who is effectively harnessing all the deployed resources and working in sync with the Military and other law enforcement agents in ensuring an intelligence-driven, focused and result-oriented ground and aerial surveillance in the rescue operations and to bring the perpetrators to book. “The Inspector-General of Police, while calling for calm, has enjoined members of the community to provide the Force and the security community with useful, relevant, and timely information that can assist in the ongoing search and rescue operations.” The Nation Following the abduction of students of the Government Science College Kagara by bandits, the National Security Adviser, Babagana Munguno, the Inspector General of Police, Adamu Mohammed, the Minister of Police have arrived Niger state to set the victims free. This development was disclosed by Bashir Ahmad, the personal assistant to… In "News" Abubakar Sani Bello, the Governor of Niger State, has said his administration will not pay ransom to kidnappers, The PUNCH reports. Bello said this following the abduction of some students and staff of Government Science College in Kangara, Rafi Local Government Area of Niger State in the early hours of… In "Politics" By Joseph Edeh Abuja,. -. The Police on Sunday said they had rescued two kidnapped persons and arrested three suspects in connection with the crime. The suspects, Force Spokesman, Frank Mba, a Deputy Commissioner of Police, Mohammed Bello, aka “Dan Hajia”, 42; Suleiman Musa, aka “Dan Auta”, 38 and Abubakar… In "Metro"