The Nigerian police, army and other security operatives have been lambasted by a former aide to President Goodluck Jonathan, Reno Omokri.  Reno in a brief statement, asked how possible it could be for a popular Islamic Scholar, Sheikh Abubakar Gumi to locate and take photographs with bandits and herdsmen, whereas the Nigerian Army and Police could not identify their various locations. Disclosing this on Saturday via his Facebook handle, Omokri said that the Army and Police can locate easily the Eastern Security Network, ESN that doesn’t kill but were unsuccessful to locate herdsmen and bandits that have been kidnapping, raping and killing innocent Nigerians. He said it surprises him that the likes of Zamfara State governor, Bello Matawalle and Aminu Masari of Katsina State had negotiated with bandits, yet Nigerian soldiers and police could not find their locations. Read his statement below: “How is it that Sheikh Gumi can jump into forests in Zamfara and Niger, and locate the whereabouts of bandits and killer herdsmen, but both the HQ Nigerian Army and Nigerian police can’t locate and exterminate them? “But they can locate and determine ESN that don’t kill. Sheikh Gumi took photos with bandits. Governor Masari held negations with them. Governor Mutawale holds meetings with them. “It seems everyone has access to bandits and killer herdsmen, except our Army and Police. Those ones only know how to find and kill ESN!”  Source ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - Special Assistant to Former President Goodluck Jonathan on New Media, Reno Omokri said on Wednesday that Pr­esident Muhammadu Bu­hari lied by claiming that he handled the Dapchi gi­rls kidnapping saga better than Jonathan handled the Chibok girls kidn­ap. A statement on behalf of GEJ Media Office by Omokri, indicat­ed… In "Local News" Reno Omokri, a former aide to ex-President Goodluck Jonathan, on Tuesday, condemned the killing of an operative of the Department of State Services, DSS, Sadiq Abdullahi Bindawa in Katsina State by bandits. Omokri berated President Muhammadu Buhari for the spate of insecurity in the country, following the abduction and murder… In "News" Former Special Adviser on New Media to ex-President Goodluck Jonathan, Reno Omokri, has reacted to the decision of South East governors to proscribe the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB. The Governors took the decision to outlaw pro-Biafra group yesterday at a meeting held at Enugu Government House. In his reaction,… In "Top Stories"