Pastor Tunde Bakare, a former running mate to President Buhari has stated that Nigerians might have been shortchanged after they rejected the PDP in 2015 and embraced the APC government.  Bakare who is the Serving Overseer of the Citadel Global Community Church, formerly known as Latter Rain Assembly, said this in a virtual interview with journalist, Dele Momodu. According to Bakare, there is a feeling of disappointment amongst Nigerians about the Buhari-led government. ”The truth of the matter is it is still the same Buhari, in the midst of many competing interests, we respond differently. The President is still himself, some have even asked me if he is not somebody else. Power changes people, has power changed him or is he making the best situation of the circumstances? He will be the one to answer it The expectations of Nigerians, including everyone who woke up to say we need a breath of fresh air, has not been met. There is a feeling of disappointment. Citizens have right to demand for good governance. People deserve the government they get. We rejected PDP and embraced APC’s change but it appears we have been shortchanged.”he said.  Source By Tunde Fagbenle Pastor Tunde Bakare, who doesn’t know him? It would be no exaggeration to define Bakare as one of the few credible voices left in Nigeria’s socio-political firmament. Fearlessly outspoken and scourge of bad governance, he has captured the imagination and the hearts of Nigerians with his brand… In "Opinion" •Pastor Tunde Bakare On 28th October 2019, Pastor Tunde Bakare said the following, "Tinubu will give account for all his deeds. He should not be seen as a generous man, he is an integral part of the rot in Nigeria". This is a robust condemnation of a man that has… In "Opinion" LAGOS - Some prominent Nigerians including Chief Ayo Adebanjo and Malam Nasir El-Rufai on Friday urged renowned cleric, Pastor Tunde Bakare, to return to active politics. Bakare bowed out of active politics after his election bid as a running mate to the Presidential Candidate of the Congress for Progressive Change,… In "News"