•Nnamdi Kanu, IPOB leader The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has absolved itself and the Eastern Security Network (ESN) of killing six children in Anambra State. The group described the news making the rounds linking it with the purported killing as ridiculous. In a statement made available to journalists in Awka on Tuesday by its Media and Publicity Secretary, Emma Powerful, IPOB said: “The attention of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) ably led by our great leader Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, has been drawn to a malicious and mischievous media report trying to link the IPOB and Eastern Security Network (ESN) of killing six children in Anambra. “The Fabricated claims like this is only akin to giving the dog a bad name in order to hang it. “Those behind this lame and poorly scripted dummy stupidly forgot the main reason for the establishment of ESN, and the mission of IPOB. We came to save lives and not to waste them. We don’t kill those we daily put our lives on the line to save and protect. Associating us with such barbaric act is not only insulting but a lie from the pit of hell. “But for the sake of the gullible, we wouldn’t have bothered to dignify distracting and foolish reports like this with a response. And this will be the last time we will respond to such. We have no hands in the purported incident.” IPOB also debunked what it described as lies by the Nigerian military that those it arrested in Orlu, Imo State, “during their genocidal raid and air strike last week” are ESN operatives. It regretted that the army could curiously arrest innocent Biafran civilians at Orlu branding them ESN operatives. The statement added: “Till tomorrow, the Nigeria military should know that its poorly-trained troops are no match to the gallant and formidable ESN operatives. We are miles ahead of them, and can never be subdued by them. Their propaganda cannot work. “We equally want to warn the Nigerian military to ensure nothing happens to the Jewish Rabbi Kelechi Nwachukwu and his family as well as other IPOB members they arrested out of frustration following their humiliation by the indomitable ESN operatives at Orlu. “We MUST warn the Nigeria military as well as the Supreme Court Administrator in Imo State, Hope Uzodinma, to ensure that nothing happens to these IPOB members and 33 synagogue worshipers arrested in Orlu and paraded in the public as if they were criminals. Hope Uzodimma should be ashamed of himself for masterminding the killing and persecution of his unarmed people at a time his fellow Northern Governors are openly negotiating with armed bandits and terrorists. “While the Northern Leaders are busy facilitating amnesty for mass murderers, Hope Uzodinma and his fellow traitors in the South East are sponsoring the destruction of their own people. But these saboteurs in our land must reap the fruit of treachery.” (News Express) •Nnamdi Kanu, IPOB leader The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has absolved itself and the Eastern Security Network (ESN) of killing six children in Anambra State. The group described the news making the rounds linking it with the purported killing as ridiculous. In a statement made available to journalists in… In "News" A security outfit to protect the Southern region has been launched by the Indigenous People of Biafra. The leader of IPOB, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu made the announcement via his Facebook page and called the group, the Eastern Security Network (ESN). According to Kanu, during a live Facebook post, ESN was… In "News" The leadership of the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has applauded the governors of the southeast states for banning open grazing in the region. IPOB in a statement on Tuesday by its Publicity Secretary, Comrade Emma Powerful thanked the governors for respecting the wishes of the people of the… In "News"