Yoruba activist, Sunday Adeyemo, better known as Sunday Igboho, has advised the Federal Government to channel its energy towards arresting Boko Haram leader, Ibrahim Shekau, and Islamic cleric, Sheikh Ahmad Gumi, who has been holding meetings with bandits. Igboho said this during an interview with The PUNCH on Friday while reacting to the face-off between him and security agents around the Guru Maharaji bus stop along the Lagos-Ibadan Expressway. The Yoruba activist, who has been in the news for serving a quit notice on Fulani herdsmen in some parts of the South-West, said he was never invited before they attempted to arrest him. When asked if he would honour a police invitation, Igboho said, “Go and ask them to invite Gumi and Shekau first before disturbing me. Let them face the bandits instead.” Igboho also said he would not run, adding that he had returned to his base in Ibadan. When asked if he would go into hiding, he said, “What for? I am in the neighbourhood. I cannot run.” Igboho told this newspaper that his bank account was initially frozen but the restriction was lifted recently. He said he had done nothing wrong but fight for the rights of his people. Punch Yoruba socio-political group, Afenifere, on Friday, condemned the attempt by operatives of the Nigeria Police Force and the men of the Department of State Services to arrest Yoruba rights activist, Sunday Adeyemo, better known as Sunday Igboho. In an exclusive interview with The PUNCH, Afenifere spokesman, Yinka Odumakin, said the… In "News" Popular Yoruba rights activist, Sunday Adeyemo aka Sunday Igboho, has hit the Ooni of Ife, Oba Adeyeye Ogunwusi, for allegedly failing to represent the Yoruba nation well during his recent meeting with President Muhammadu Buhari on killer herdsmen in the South West. The monarch, he alleged, didn’t communicate the anger… In "Features" Chief Sunday Adeyemo, the activist who is popularly known as Sunday Igboho, has spoken on why he gave a quit order to killer herdsmen in the Ibarapa area of Oke Ogun, Oyo State, in this interview with a popular broadcaster, Kola Olootu. WALE OYEWALE, who monitored the interview online, brings… In "News"