The collapse and alleged death of students of Ebonyi State University (EBSU) yesterday has caused serious protest in the school.  Students of the school on Thursday blocked the Abakaliki-Enugu Expressway to protest the overcrowding they experienced while writing an examination on Wednesday. The students said there was a stampede leading to the fainting spells by some students as they wrote their General Studies Tests (GST) at the university hall. Some of the students expressed displeasure at the overcrowding of students in a small hall to write examinations. Kelechi Nworie, a student said it was pertinent to provide bigger halls for students to avoid a repeat. Neptune said: “It is very sad and up till now the university does not have a functional healthcare centre. “Some students collapsed during the examination due to overcrowding in the hall that caused the stampede.” Nworie noted that the protest is peaceful and just a call to register their anger as some students could not write the examination, which was later cancelled. Reacting to the complaints, Dr Ikechukwu Igwenyi, Chairman of EBSU branch of ASUU confirmed to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) that there was actually a stampede at the examination centre on Wednesday. “He, however, could not give the number of students that had the fainting spells during the exam. Spokesperson of the Police in Ebonyi, Mrs Loveth Odah, told NAN that the Command was on top of the situation to ensure security on the campus. “The Police is aware of the matter. The Commissioner, Mr Aliyu Garba, has sent officers to the scene and they are yet to bring back reports,’’ Odah assured.  Source Prof. Olanrewaju Fagbohun, LASU Vice-Chancellor By Oluwakemi Oladipo Lagos - The management of Lagos State University (LASU), Ojo, says desperation of some students to force their ways into a 500-seat Computer Based Test (CBT) Centre led to a stampede, causing injuries of some of them. Mr Ademola Adekoya, LASU’s Spokesman,… In "News" By Idowu Gabriel Oye-Ekiti (Ekiti State) -   Students of Federal University Oye-Ekiti (FUOYE), on Monday embarked on a protest against the institution’s directive preventing students who had not paid their school fees from sitting for the ongoing first semester examination. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the… In "News" Abuja  -   Stakeholders on Tuesday in Abuja expressed mixed reactions to the crisis that erupted at the University of Port Harcourt (UNIPORT) over the no-tuition fee, no examination policy of the university. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) recalls that students of UNIPORT on Monday staged a violent protest… In "News"