Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Britain plans to tax retailers and tech companies whose profits have soared during the COVID-19 pandemic, the Sunday Times reported, citing leaked emails. The government has summoned companies to discuss how an online sales tax would work, while plans are also being drawn up for a one-off “excessive profits tax”, the newspaper reported. Finance minister Rishi Sunak is unlikely to announce these taxes at the budget announcement scheduled for March 3, which will focus on an extension of the COVID-19 furlough programme and support for businesses, the report said.They are instead likely to surface in the second half of the year. Sunak faces pressure from some in his Conservative Party to show spending is under control when he presents a new budget, after what is on track to be the heaviest annual borrowing since World War Two. He has promised to put public finances on a sustainable footing once the economy begins to recover. Data last month showed public borrowing since the start of the financial year in April reached a record 271 billion pounds ($370 billion). The finance ministry was not immediately available for comment on the Sunday Times report. Source •Muhammad Nami, FIRS Executive Chairman Even the oracle in my village can correctly predict the state of the nation’s economy by the third quarter of this year. The IMF therefore deserves no compliment for projecting that Nigeria would enter its worst recession in 30 years. Covid-19 is bringing about a… In "Opinion" Amidst various pressures on the Federal Government’s finances and 2020 budget’s revenue estimates, an indication has emerged that the government has already recorded a 25.3 per cent shortfall in Company Income Tax, CIT, in the first six months of the year. Also economy analysts say the sustained macroeconomic headwinds would… In "News" By Chinyere Joel-Nwokeoma Lagos - First Bank of Nigeria Limited has assured its stakeholders that it will optimally maximise the opportunities from the disruptions occasioned by the Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic on the economy to their advantage. Dr Adesola Adeduntan, FirstBank Chief Executive Officer, gave the assurance on Thursday at the… In "Business"