The Obowo Divisional Police Headquarters, located at Umulowe autonomous community area of Imo State was on Friday attacked by gunmen. Two policemen who were on duty were killed in the attack. The hoodlums also injured three other cops who resisted them from gaining access into the headquarters. The PUNCH reports on Saturday that the incident caused panic in the area. This is even as security operatives drafted from the command’s headquarters in Owerri, had taken over the area. A source told The PUNCH that the hoodlums who operated in a vehicle met stiff opposition from policemen who were on duty when they tried to gain access into the police premises. Displeased by the cops’ action who resisted them, the hoodlums opened fire at the officers, killing two policemen while three were shattered by their gun bullets. Our correspondent also gathered that one of the hoodlums was killed in the gun duel but the hoodlums drove off with the corpse of their member. The source said, “Two policemen died in the incident. Three were wounded. One of the hoodlums was also killed but they drove off with him. The policemen who were killed were the ones who repelled them. It was an unfortunate development.” Spokesperson for the state police command, Orlando Ikeokwu, confirmed when contacted that two policemen were killed by the hoodlums. He also said that the three other policemen who were wounded during the incident had been discharged from a local hospital where they were rushed and transferred to a better hospital in the state capital. Ikeokwu told our correspondent that the command had drafted cracked teams of detectives in the area and had commenced investigation. Violence that rocked #EndSARS protests across the country worsened on Tuesday with 43  protesters and six policemen losing their lives.   Protesters calling for the disbanding of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad of the Nigeria Police have been carrying out peaceful demonstrations across the country since October 8.   However,… In "Top Stories" The Inspector-General of Police, Mr Mohammed Adamu, will on Friday begin visits to the police commands across the country to boost the morale of officers and men of the Nigeria Police Force.   The PUNCH on Thursday gathered that the morale of members of the force was low following the… In "News" It was serious pandemonium that broke out recently at the Aba Tuntun village, Ijebu-Igbo in the Ijebu -North Local Government Area of Ogun State. Pandemonium broke out when some villagers waylaid some police officers, abducted four of them and then shot the Divisional Police Officer. Our correspondent gathered that the… In "Metro"