•Dr. Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala The United States of America has finally endorsed Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, a former Nigerian Finance Minister for the office of the director-general of the World Trade Organisation (WTO). The development follows the deliberate withdrawal of Yoo Myung-hee, South Korean Trade Minister from the race to head the World Trade Organisation (WTO) on Friday, February 5, 2021. The trade minister took various issues into consideration, including the need to revitalise the multilateral organisation. The withdrawal of Yoo Myung cleared the path for the Nigerian economist to become the sole candidate, first Woman and African for the position. According to a statement Issued by the office of the US trade representative late on Friday, the Biden-Harris administration is pleased to support the candidacy of Okonjo-Iweala. Recall that Okonjo-Iweala who is also a U.S citizen emerged as the front-runner for the WTO director-general position last year but was opposed by the U.S. The last minute objection by the U.S. delayed the announcement of Okonjo-Iweala as the consensus candidate to lead the World Trade Organisation. The Donald Trump-led admininstration had refused to back the former managing director of the World Bank on grounds that she lacked trade experience. A claim Okonjo-Iweala has refuted repeatedly. Bloomberg reports on Friday that the South Korean Trade Minister Yoo Myung-hee has withdrawn her bid to lead the World Trade Organisation, leaving former Nigerian Finance Minister Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala as the only remaining candidate for the job. Yoo was said made the decision after discussions with the United States and… In "News" World Trade Organisation members are confronting the reality that the future of the Geneva-based institution is now in the hands of the American electorate. Trade officials in capitals around the world are evaluating their options following the Trump administration’s decision Wednesday to block the appointment of Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala as the… In "News" South Korea’s candidate for the Director-General of the World Trade Organisation (WTO), Yoo Myung-Hee, has announced she will withdraw from the race. It clears the path for Nigeria’s Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala who the General Council announced late last year as the consensus candidate. The World Trade Organization’s General Council Chair David… In "News"