OWERRI – The Imo State Government and the leadership of the Nigerian Medical Association (NMA) on Tuesday had a fruitful deliberation over the issues facing the health sector in the State for which the doctors decided to embark on strike.  Secretary to the State Government,  Chief Cosmas Iwu, who represented the Governor, Senator Hope Uzodimma, said the discussion was not only fruitful but that the Nigerian Medical Association appreciated the giant strides being made by Governor Uzodimma’s  Shared Prosperity Government in the health sector in Imo State. The SSG informed that the state government assured the doctors that their welfare will continue to be of priority and that Governor Uzodimma will not shy away from taking care of their welfare. Iwu said that the NMA leadership on its  part promised to look into the issues that led to the strike by doctors in the state, and that the body also assured that it will do its best to advise members to go back to work while hoping that other issues discussed will be taken care of as soon as soon as possible. The Secretary to the State Government who met with the leadership of NMA in company of the Chief of Staff to the Governor, Nnamdi Anyaehie and the Commissioner for Health, Dr. (Mrs.) Damaris Osunkwo, pointed out that Government is poised to continue with the infrastructural development in the State’s health sector “because it is one of the cardinal programmes of this administration having done a lot in both the Primary health, the Secondary Health and the Teaching Hospital sectors.” He reassured Imo people and the doctors that “soon Government will address all the lingering issues that will help medical doctors to perform their duties optimally.” Earlier while addressing the media, the chairman of Nigerian Medical Association,  Imo State, Dr. Chidiebere Okwara corroborated what Iwu said that they had a good conversation with the Government and that they “got strong reassurances that the lingering issues will be dealt with soonest.” Among the issues Dr. Okwara recalled include: COMESS 2014 implementation; bottlenecks over payment of salaries of Consultants in the Teaching Hospital since March, 2020 due to administrative problems; Non Remittance of Check- off dues to the Association; Accreditation of Imo State Teaching Hospital  and Accreditation of Residency Training of staff of Imo State Teaching Hospital among others. Dr. Okwara informed that because of the challenges of the day occasioned by the second wave of the corona virus,  they have decided to “give Government enough time to address the issues item by item.” OWERRI - The Imo State chapter of the Nigerian Medical Association (NMA) has threatened to start a three-day warning strike from Monday if its demands are not met by the government. The Chairman of the association, Dr Emeka Obioha, who made the threat in Owerri on Thursday, said it was… In "News" By Stephen Adeleye Lokoja -   The Nigerian Medical Association (NMA) in Kogi says its members are available for patients’ medical consultations and advice in all health facilities in the state. Dr Tijani Godwin, the Chairman of NMA in the state, announced this on Saturday in Lokoja, noting that that… In "Health" By Sunday John Lafia - Members of the the Nasarawa State Chapter of Nigerian Medical Association (NMA), have threatened to embark on a 3-day warning strike from Sunday midnight over welfare issues. Dr Bulus Umaru, Nasarawa State Chairman of NMA disclosed this while briefing journalists on Friday in Lafia.According to… In "News"