Chief Edwin Clark, the Nigerian elder statesman, has disclosed that he, alongside nine of his family members tested positive for COVID-19.  Clark made this known while speaking to newsmen on Wednesday in Kiagbodo, Delta State.  Narrating his experience in isolation, Clark revealed that he spent two weeks treating the virus before subsequent tests by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) returned negative. He admonished Nigerians to support efforts by the Federal Government to curb the spread of the pandemic in the country. Clark disclosed that he contracted COVID-19 after his niece, who visited his Abuja home became sick and later tested positive for the virus. According to him, he was really worried during that time because of his age and reports about people dying from the virus. He said: “Sometime last month, I received a call from one of my nieces that she was just coming from Warri. I told her that people in Warri do not observe COVID-19 protocols very well, and I demanded that she stays in the guest house. “On the third day, my niece became very ill. She was very weak, coughing and said she had malaria. I directed that she should be taken to my clinic. Because of her cough, the doctor asked that she goes for a COVID-19 test. “The next day, the Health Minister, Dr. Osagie Ehanire, sent doctors and 24 of us in the house were tested and on Saturday, the result came and nine of us tested positive. Number one on the list was I. I was terribly worried because people had died from the virus. “Dr. Ehanire contacted the FCT COVID team and they wanted to evacuate me to a good isolation centre, but I insisted on treatment from home. “ They sent doctors to look after me and the rest who tested positive. I was worried because I have heard of people dying of the virus,” Clark said. The 93-year-old elder statesman, however, said that he has recovered from the virus alongside nine of his workers and siblings, who tested positive.  Source COVID-19 statistics show that youths are the big carriers of the virus in Nigeria, but the elderly are the ones being killed by it, writes GABRIEL OGUNJOBI Abiodun Kolawole, a student of Moshood Abiola Polytechnic (MAPOLY) is perhaps one of the rarest residents of Abeokuta, Ogun State who is yet… In "News" Since Nigeria recorded the index case of COVID-19 on February 27, the number of confirmed cases keeps increasing. As at 09:30pm on April 7, there were 254 confirmed cases reported by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC).Number of deaths recorded so far is 7 while 44 people have recovered… In "News" •Boss Mustapha Some members of the household  of the Secretary to the Government of the Federation, SGF Boss Mustapha have tested positive for COVID 19. The SGF disclosed this in a statement  he personally signed Sunday. Mustapha who is also the Chairman Chairman Presidential Task Force, PTF on Covid-19 said… In "Top Stories"