THE elders caucus of the Osun State chapter of the All Progressives Congress, on Wednesday, enjoined stakeholders to avoid utterances capable of generating disaffection. This intervention is coming on the heels of a statement made by the Minister of Interior, Rauf Aregbesola. He, while revalidating his party membership at his Ifofin Ward 8, Ilesa, said, killers have joined the APC. In a statement by the Chairman of the Elders’ Council, Sola Akinwumi, the elders also welcomed Senator Iyiola Omisore into the APC. Akinwumi said, “Our party’s doors are opened to all committed, focused and progressively minded people who share in spirit and body, the vision of our amiable Governor in his stride to take Osun State into her rightful position among the Federating States in Nigeria. “Finally, all stakeholders are enjoined to stay clear of any utterance capable of generating disaffection and intraparty fractionalisation which shall not blow good for anyone.” Meanwhile, the Media Adviser to ex-governor Aregbesola, Mr. Sola Fasure, said, “He (Aregbesola) was not directing his statement to any individual, but if an individual feels it applied to him or her, that person should take it in good fate and amend his ways.” Fasure, said this on a radio programme aired by Race Fm monitored in Osogbo, on Wednesday. He also said his principal was never a friend to Iyiola Omisore and was kept in the dark of any alliance with the latter during the 2018 governorship election. Chief Press Secretary to Osun State Governor, Ismail Omipidan, who also featured on the radio programme, said he would not join issues with Aregbesola over the statement, but warned aides of political leaders in the state against fanning the embers of discord. Omipidan, however, explained that Aregbesola refused to intimate Oyetola of his itinerary before coming to the state for the revalidation exercise. (PUNCH)  APC Warns Members Against Inflammatory Statements In "Politics" The Coalition of Northern Group (CNG) has said northerners will hold President Muhammadu Buhari and his government responsible should any one of them fall victim of the consequences of the concerns they raised about the safety of Fulani herdsmen in the southern part of the country. Spokesman of the group,… In "News" •Ebonyi State governor, David Umahi The Association of Ebonyi State Indigenes in the Diaspora (AESID) has asked the Ebonyi State House of Assembly to embark on the impeachment of governor David Umahi. This is coming days after the governor defected from the Peoples Democratic Party to the All Progressives Congress… In "Politics"