Bitcoin has increased in value over the years since its launch in January 2009 and had its highest records of all time in December 2020. This surge in the price of bitcoin in the past few weeks has attracted more bitcoin users than ever before. If you’re just getting started with bitcoin trading and curious about how it works, this article can serve as a quick guide. What is Bitcoin Trading?Bitcoin trading is the act of buying bitcoin at a low price and selling it when the price is high. When you invest in bitcoin, you only have to buy it and keep your coins there, usually for the long run and watch your money grow. On the other hand, bitcoin trading doesn’t require you to hold your coins for a long period of time. Rather, the traders would watch the market closely so they can buy as much as they can when the price is low and sell later when the price is high. The difference between the price at which they bought and sold would determine their profit. Types of TradingThere are different kinds of traders, which could depend on the trading method used. The trades are done via bitcoin exchanges with features to help every trader make the most of them, such as the Bitcoin Compass trading features. Some of the most common methods used by traders include the following:  Bitcoin Price VolatilityThe major factor that drives bitcoin trades is price volatility. The value of bitcoin has been historically volatile, which means the price tends to change over a short period of time. Factors that move the price include Supply and Demand, Press, Regulation, and Adoption. Many traders take advantage of this volatility and make the most of it. While it has its advantages by helping you gain more profits over time, it could also be a disadvantage if you’re not careful. It takes time, effort, knowledge, and practice to be an experienced trader with fewer losses. The Nation BUCHAREST - In a well-lit office with red window frames in downtown Bucharest, Romania's first bitcoin ATM attracts many who until it opened in May had to buy or sell the digital currency face-to-face or through wire transfers. The interest in bitcoin in Romania stands out in a region where… In "News" CARACAS - Tech-savvy Venezuelans looking to bypass dysfunctional economic controls are turning to the bitcoin virtual currency to obtain dollars, make Internet purchases -- and launch a little subversion. Two New York-based Venezuelan brothers hope this week to start trading on the first bitcoin exchange in the socialist-run country, which… In "News" WASHINGTON - TeraExchange on Friday launched a swap based on the bitcoin virtual currency, becoming the first to receive approval from a U.S. federal regulator for a financial product based on the budding technology. The derivative allows clients to protect the value of their bitcoin holdings by locking in a… In "News"