The President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), on Sunday mourned victims of the military aircraft that crashed in Abuja earlier in the day. Buhari’s condolence was contained in a statement by his Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Femi Adesina, titled “President Buhari sends condolences to NAF, families of victims of military plane crash.” The statement read, “President Muhammadu Buhari is deeply saddened by the fatal crash of Nigerian Air Force (NAF) Beechcraft KingAir B350i aircraft on Sunday in Abuja that claimed the lives of seven personnel. “On behalf of the Federal Government, President Buhari extends heartfelt condolences to family members, friends and colleagues of those who died as a result of this tragedy. “The President joins the Nigerian Air Force, the military and other Nigerians in mourning the unfortunate loss of the dedicated and courageous personnel, who died in the line of duty. ‌“President Buhari notes that while investigations into the cause of the crash are ongoing, the safety of the Nigerian airspace remains a key priority of the government. “He prays that God will comfort the bereaved families and nation, and grant the souls of the departed peaceful rest.”  Source The Nigerian Air Force has lost its first female combat helicopter pilot, Flying Officer Tolulope Arotile. She died in an auto crash on Tuesday. The young officer was killed by a reversing car inside the Air Force base in Kaduna. The car was driven by her old schoolmate. The deceased… In "News" In a new update, the Nigerian Air Force on Sunday said that as many as seven passengers onboard a Beechcraft KingAir B350i aircraft died when the jet crashed in Abuja. The jet en route Minna in Niger State crashed close to the runway of the Abuja airport after reporting engine… In "Features" By Doris Esa Abuja -  The Nigerian Air Force has confirmed the death of five crew members on board the Nigerian Air Force (NAF) Mi-35M Helicopter that crashed in combat on Wednesday in Borno. The helicopter crashed while providing close air support to troops of 145 Battalion in Damasak. Air… In "Top Stories"