Bauchi State governor, Bala Mohammed, has said that he has no apology for his comment last week, kicking against the profiling of the Fulani tribe as killers and kidnappers. It will be recalled that the governor had come under intense criticism for saying herdsmen are carrying AK-47 for self defense. Mohammed who spoke Wednesday during the official launching of the 2020/2021 annual livestock vaccination campaign, held at Galambi Cattle ranch in Bauchi however said the labeling of a particular tribe with crime is unfair and breeds disunity in the country. He said; “We kicked against the profiling of the fulanis as killers and kidnappers, we have no apology for what we have done because what we have done is to say the truth, that there is no tribe or group that is free from criminality. ”We are not saying that to spite anybody or spark unnecessary controversy, we have made our point. Nigerians across the board has discussed it and I am happy to say that from all indications, majority of sensible Nigerians have appreciated what we have said and that is the point.” Governor Mohammed said that his administration will free resources which belongs to the Fulani pastoralists in order for them to have their own right of way, thereby reducing the conflicts between fulani herders and farmers. In another development, Benue State governor , Samuel Ortom has been criticized for accusing Mohammed of being a terrorist. The Nation Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State has stated that if anything happens to him, Gov Bala Mohammed of Bauchi should be held responsible following an alleged threat on his life by Fulani herdsmen. Governor Ortom made the accusation while briefing journalists in Makurdi, Benue State capital, on Monday, February 22.… In "Politics" Following his utterances about herdsmen carrying AK47 rifles to protect themselves, Governor Rotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State has fired back at Bauchi state governor, Bala Mohammed, saying he is unfit to be in public office. On Thursday, February 11, Governor Mohammed at a function said that Fulani herdsmen carry AK47… In "Politics" Many will remember the rhetorical question posed by Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu when accusing fingers started pointing at the Fulani, as the culprits in the unfortunate murder of Mrs. Funke Olakunrin, daughter of Afenifere leader, Chief Reuben Fasoranti. When asked to comment on the murder, Tinubu asked: “…Is Evans a… In "Opinion"