…victim hospitalized, in critical condition The publisher of Nigeria Watchdog Newspaper, Comrade Precious Nwadike, yesterday escaped death by a whisker in the hands of Gov Uzodinma’s younger brother, Uche Uzodinma, and his tribe of thugs. Nwadike, who was pummeled and left half-dead, was resuscitated and taken to hospital through the help of passersby who picked him up as he lay beside his car. Recall that Nigeria Watchdog Newspaper has been unbiased in its assessment of the Uzodinma administration, which most Imo residents describe as a total failure. When he could mutter some explanations while bedridden, Nwadike said, “I had visited National Identity management office, which is located along Port-Harcourt Road, by Eberelinks fuel station to enroll for National Identity Number. Upon arrival to the office, I was given a form and referred to OCDA office( still at Port-Harcourt Road) for data capturing. Knowing that it was already getting late, I pleaded with the lady to accompany me to OCDA so she could make case for me and she obliged me. “The lady and one other woman who came for the enrollment got into the vehicle and we drove to OCDA. On getting to OCDA office, a man hit on our car bonnet and asked us to reverse. At first, I thought it was one of those thugs around OCDA office. It was when the other person who was flanked by two policemen instructed us to reverse the vehicle, introducing himself as the contractor of the Port-Harcourt Road project, that I realized that they were renovating the road and I obeyed even when I didn’t know their reason for ordering us back. It was later discovered that the said contractor is actually Senator Hope Uzodinma’s brother, Mr Uche Uzodinma. While I tried to park, the same man began to deride me, describing our vehicle as rickety, threatening to deal mercilessly with us if we wait any further.” He continued, “We eventually parked across OCDA and attempted to cross over the other lane, when the same man who threatened to deal with us held me back and started beating me. Thereafter, he ordered some thugs who were with him to deal with me. He stood by to watch his thugs beat me to stupor. I lost consciousness when one of them hit me on the back of my neck. “It took the intervention of two aides of Engr. Ikpamezie, the MD of OCDA, to prevent them from killing me. The OCDA boss upon sighting me shouted my name. Mr Uche Uzodinma entered his black Hilux Toyota Hilux and zoomed off with his convoy loaded with stern-looking men. I could not move any further. I fell down,” he narrated. Nwadike has this morning been flown to Lagos for proper medical attention. Source By Emma Agu In a country where the parameters for bestowing awards can be very tenuous if not blatantly unscientific, the latest by the Abuja chapter of the Nigerian Union of Journalists (NUJ) on Senator Hope Uzodinma, chairman of the Senate Committee of Customs, Excise and Tariffs, as “the best… In "Opinion" By Cecilia Ijuo Owerri  -  President Muhammadu Buhari has declared support for the Imo All Progressives Congress (APC), governorship candidate, Sen. Hope Uzodinma. The APC, National Chairman, Adams Oshiomole made this known at a rally to flag-off Uzodimma’s campaign in Owerri on Friday. He urged Imo people to disregard people… In "Top Stories" A former leader of the defunct Congress for Progressive Change (CPC) and former ally of President Muhammadu Buhari, Buba Galadima, on Wednesday described the Supreme Court verdict, which declared Hope Uzodinma Imo State governor-elect as the greatest wonder in world history. He said: “What has happened is that the Supreme… In "Politics"