In a new update, the Nigerian Air Force on Sunday said that as many as seven passengers onboard a Beechcraft KingAir B350i aircraft died when the jet crashed in Abuja.  The jet en route Minna in Niger State crashed close to the runway of the Abuja airport after reporting engine failure. In a statement, NAF Director of Public Relations and Information, Air Commodore Ibikunle Daramola, said the Chief of the Air Staff, Air Vice Marshal IO Amao, has ordered an immediate probe of the accident. Daramola said, “This is to confirm that a Nigerian Air Force Beechcraft KingAir B350i aircraft crashed while returning to the Abuja Airport after reporting engine failure enroute Minna. First responders are at the scene. Sadly, all 7 personnel on board died in the crash. “The Chief of the Air Staff, Air Vice Marshal IO Amao, has ordered an immediate investigation into the incident. “While urging the general public to remain calm and await the outcome of investigation, the CAS, on behalf of all NAF personnel, commiserates with the families of the deceased.” The PUNCH had also reported that the Accident Investigation Bureau said that it does not investigate military incidents or accidents except when invited. General Manager, Public Affairs, AIB, Mr Tunji Oketunbi, in a message sent to The PUNCH, said, “There was an accident involving a military aircraft. By the power established AIB-N, we do not investigate military incidents or accident except where invited.” Meanwhile, many Nigerians on social media including former Vice-President Atiku Abubakar have expressed condolences to the affected families and the Nigerian military.   ABUJA - A Nigerian Air Force NAF201 jet, a B350 aircraft, which departed Abuja at 1033UTC with six persons on board, including two crew, has crashed at the Abuja Airport. All six persons on board are reported dead. The aircraft was said to have reported engine failure at 1039 and… In "Top Stories" Tehran - Both black boxes from a Ukrainian passenger jet that crashed near Tehran early Wednesday have been found and are being investigated by Iranian aviation experts. According to news agency Isna, finding both black boxes means experts investigating the causes of the crash can work more effectively. The public… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) The Nigerian Air Force (NAF) has confirmed that one of the pilots who was ejected from one of the F-7Ni aircraft that crashed earlier Friday had passed on. “It is with a heavy heart that I regretfully announce that one of the pilots who… In "Top Stories"