Julius Aghahowa, a former Nigerian striker has stated that the current Super Eagles players do not play with a purpose, unlike the former players.  Aghahowa stated this during a recent interview on ‘No Holds Barred’ on Brila FM with his former Super Eagles teammate, Ifeanyi Udeze. The former Nigerian international and Shakhtar Donetsk striker urged the current players to emulate ex-Super Eagles captain Sunday Oliseh, who always gave passes and created chances that resulted in goals. “We don’t play with purpose anymore,” he said. “We don’t have players who will give long pass to strikers just like the way Sunday Oliseh use to do. “All we do now is just keep possession in our half, making side ways passes with no purpose. So we need players who will give good passes to strikers to score goals.” On why Paul Onuachu, 27, has not been able to replicate his club form in the Eagles, Aghahowa explained:”I think the pattern of the Super Eagles doesn’t favour him and the question we need to ask is do we want to score goals or just play football? If we want to score goals then we need to start feeding him with the ball.” Aghahowa featured at four Africa Cup of Nations (2000, 2002, 2004, 2006) and was at the 2002 FIFA World Cup. He also represented Nigeria at the 1999 U-20 World Cup and the Sydney 2000 Olympics. And at club level, he played for Bendel Insurance, Espérance, Shakhtar Donetsk, Wigan Athletic, Kayserispor, Shakhtar Donetsk and Sevastopo.  Source Abuja -Super Eagles Head Coach, Sunday Oliseh, said in Abuja on Tuesday that he would give his players the respect they deserved to enable him get the best out of them. Oliseh said this in an interview with newsmen after the team’s first training in preparation for the 2017 Africa… In "Sports" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - A forward player with Molde FK of Norway, Leke James said he can perform better for the Super Eagles if given the opportunity by the senior male national football team handlers. James who plays in the Norwegian top-flight “Eliteserien’’ told newsmen on Sunday in Abuja that… In "Sports" Former Nigerian international, Julius Aghahowa has counselled the Nigerian team at the ongoing 20th FIFA World Cup not to underrate any of their group opponents as teams that made it to the finals in Brazil deserve their respective places in the cmpetition. The Edo State-born player, who had played top-flight… In "Sports"