Four operatives of the Oyo State Security Network otherwise called Amotekun Corps are currently battling for survival at a hospital in Ibadan, Oyo State after being attacked by hoodlums on Friday. The personnel and some policemen were reportedly attacked by hoodlums at Odeyale area of Ona Ara Local Government Area of Oyo State before noon.  The men were said to have been hacked with axe and other dangerous weapons. It was gathered that four of the Amotekun personnel are currently at the Intensive Care Unit of the University College Hospital, Ibadan. Confirming the incident, the Amotekun Commandant in the state, Col. Olayinka Olayanju (retd.), said in a statement that the personnel moved to the area following a distress call by Odeyale Community Landlord Association. The men were on a mission to dislodge hoodlums who were said to be perpetrating violence in the community. He said the personnel were attacked with machetes and axes, adding that four of them with severe injuries were currently receiving treatment at the Intensive Care Unit of the UCH.  He, however, said the Command had already commenced investigation into the incident. Olayanju said, “Amotekun operatives and some police officers were attacked by hoodlums at Ona Ara Local Government Area of Oyo State. “The incidence was a follow up to a distress call by Odeyale Community Landlord Association who called for help today (Friday) to help in dislodging some of the hoodlums in their neighbourhood. ICYMI: Experts kick as CBN orders closure of crypto accounts “The coordinator of Amotekun at Ona Ara, Mr Adelakun said the hoodlums attacked them with machetes and axes. Four of the operatives were severely wounded and are at the Intensive Care Unit at the University College Hospital for treatment. Investigation is still ongoing.” The Police Public Relations Officer in the state, CSP Olugbenga Fadeyi, was unavailable as of the time of filing this report to comment on the incident. (Punch) The Development Agenda for Western Nigeria (DAWN) Commission has explained the reason Amotekun Corps has not taken off in the six Southwest states. The commission, in a statement by its Director-General Mr. Seye Oyeleye in Ibadan Tuesday, explained that the six states were in the process of recruiting personnel into… In "News" A self-acclaimed soldier, Sodiq Abiodun, fake police corporal, Oluwaseun Ogunjebe, two cattle rustlers, Muhammadu Usman and Alhaji Majo were among the 45 criminal suspects paraded Thursday by the Oyo State Commissioner of Police, Shina Olukolu for committing various crimes in different parts of the state. The parade held at the… In "News" Chief Sunday Adeyemo, popularly known as Sunday Igboho, has estimated the damage and loss suffered in the early Tuesday morning fire at his residence at Soka, Ibadan, at N50million. Speaking with journalists shortly after the fire incident, suspected to have been caused by arsonists, Igboho described the perpetrators as cowards.… In "News"