Leon Spinks, the former boxer and heavyweight champion, best known for defeating Muhammad Ali in 1978, has died at the age 67.  Spinks lost his five-year battle with prostate and other cancers on Friday evening, his publicist announced. “At the time of his passing his wife Brenda Glur Spinks was by his side. Due to Covid restrictions, only a few close friends and other family were present,” the statement read. “Leon fought his battle with numerous illnesses resiliently, never losing his trademark smile. Showing true Spinks determination, he never threw in the towel.” it added Born in St. Louis, Missouri, Spinks represented the United States during the 1976 Olympics in Montreal, Canada, as a light heavyweight and won a gold medal. He then faced Muhammad Ali in Las Vegas, Nevada, on February 15, 1978, shockingly defeating Ali to become the undisputed heavyweight boxing champion. It was his eighth professional bout and one of the greatest upsets in boxing history. Ali beat Spinks when they met again seven months later at the Superdome in New Orleans and reclaimed the heavyweight title. Spinks retired in 1995 with a 26-17-3 record with 14 knockouts. In 2017, he was inducted into the Nevada Boxing Hall of Fame.  Source Muhammad Ali, the greatest boxer of all times, has died at the age of 74, a family spokesman has said. The former world heavyweight boxing champion, one of the world’s best-known sportsmen, died at a hospital in the US city of Phoenix in Arizona state after being admitted on Thursday.… In "Top Stories" By ‎Reuben Abati Muhammad Ali, who died late Friday evening aged 74, was one of the greatest icons of the 20th century, one of the world’s greatest boxers of all time, and certainly in his time, and during the era that he dominated the ring, the greatest among his contemporaries,… In "Opinion" Lagos   -  Some boxing buffs in Lagos on Saturday described the death of the legendary three times heavyweight boxing champion, Mohammed Ali at 74 as a memorable end for the wonderful boxing hero. Ali, who had a long standing battle with Parkinson’s disease, died on June 3, a day after… In "News"