Lagos State Governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has felicitated with the wife of President Muhammadu Buhari, Mrs Aisha Buhari, as she marks her 50th birthday.  The governor, in a statement signed by his Chief Press Secretary, Mr. Gboyega Akosile on Wednesday, celebrated the first lady, saying she has touched the lives of millions of Nigerians, especially women and children, since the assumption of her husband as President of Nigeria in May, 2015. He described her as a courageous and amiable woman, kindhearted and a strong pillar of support for President Muhammadu Buhari. “On behalf of the good people of Lagos State and my adorable wife, Ibijoke, I heartily congratulate the First Lady, Mrs. Aisha Buhari on the occasion of her 50th birthday celebration,” Governor Sanwo-Olu said. “Our First Lady attaining the age of 50 years in grace, elegance and good health is worth celebrating. Over the years, you have shown your passion for the needy in our country and as a women’s rights activist and child rights advocate, you are a major critic against child marriage. “As an advocate of women’s and children rights, your campaign for young girls to get primary and secondary school education before getting married has yielded positive results in the country. “Your passion for women and children made you establish a Pet Project, ‘Future Assured’ an initiative to continue your advocacy work for the health and well-being of women and children through community mobilisation and health promotion. This programme without any iota of doubt has impacted positively on millions of people directly and indirectly. “On the political turf, your ideas and contributions on national issues are of good use. You have displayed courage and bravery on many occasions to show your passion for a better Nigeria. “On this landmark occasion of your golden Jubilee celebration, I pray that God will continue to grant you good health to enable you render more service to humanity.”  Source By Ugonne Uzoma   Owerri -  Gov. Rochas Okoroch of Imo, has congratulated his wife, Mrs Nkechi Okorocha on her appointment into the 99-man Advisory Council for the Women and Youth Presidential Campaign Team. Okorocha who expressed his delight in a statement signed by his Chief Press Secretary, Mr Sam… In "Politics" The President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan; the Speaker of the House of Representatives, Femi Gbajabiamila; and the National Leader of the All Progressives Congress, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, have fecilitated with the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari, (retd.), who turns 78 today. Lawan, in a statement he signed said the… In "Politics" Lagos State Governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has appealed to #EndSARS protesters in the state to remain calm and “let the effects of the protest go down”. The governor stated that Federal and State governments had heard the voices of the youths and had swung into action.   He, therefore, urged the… In "News"