By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post)  –  Presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party in the 2019 general election and former Vice President Atiku Abubakar has commended the federal government for the Privatisation of Refineries and Other Assets. Atiku recalled that as chairman of the National Council on Privatisation, he advanced these policies which saw the economy achieve 6% GDP growth and created jobs for the masses of our people, and amass the national wealth that enabled Nigeria exit the debt trap, and secure financial independence. His commendation was contained in a statement he released in series of tweets in reaction to the adherence of the long recommended policy of privatisation which they first refused to adopt. The statement which was titled: Privatisation of Refineries and Other Assets: Better Late Than Never, reads: For decades, I have championed the privatisation of our economy and full deregulation of our oil and gas sector, amongst other sectors, for greater service delivery and efficiency. As chairman of the National Council on Privatisation, I advanced these policies which saw our economy achieve 6% GDP growth and created jobs for the masses of our people, and amass the national wealth that enabled us exit the debt trap, and secure our financial independence. Even though my ideas were scorned by the All Progressives Congress led Federal Government over the years, I am nevertheless most fulfilled that an administration that once failed to see the wisdom in these sound economic policies, is now facing reality and has now embraced reason, by announcing the privatisation of our refineries and other assets, which have not always prospered under public management. It is always better late than never. And I commend the Federal Government for coming on board. I urge that the privatisation process be as transparent as possible, as that is the only way to ensure that Nigeria reaps the greatest economic benefits from this policy. It was never about me. My interest has always been the peace, prosperity and progress of Nigeria, and I am happy to share these ideas, and others, with the government of the day, for the betterment of our nation and its people. (Sundiata Post) – The Buhari Media Organisation (BMO) has decried the recent proposal by former vice-president Alhaji Abubakar Atiku to privatize oil and gas sector, especially the country's refineries, describing it as callous and anti-people. Atiku, a presidential aspirant on the platform of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), had said that… In "News" Presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Alhaji Atiku Abubakar has decried plans by the current administration to sell national assets to fund the 2019 Budget, describing it as fiscally irresponsible. The Atiku Presidential Campaign Organisation, in a statement on Wednesday said the plan by the Buhari government has… In "News" The privatisation exercise in the country came under scrutiny as delegates at the ongoing National Conference on Friday faulted the entire exercise being carried out by the federal government. It stated that the processes were not transparent as well as lacking the appropriate legal framework that backs the deals. Delegates… In "News"