Kano State Governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje has been praised for providing a peaceful atmosphere and “promoting the ease” of doing business in the state.  The Minister of Industry, Trade and Investment, Otumba Richard Oni and the Minister of State, Maryam Yalwa Katagum gave the commendation during the inauguration of Mamuda Food and Confectionery, a subsidiary of Mamuda Group of Companies, at Challawa Industrial Area at the weekend. The ministers said Kano, under Ganduje, has created a “good and peaceful atmosphere for businesses to flourish” in the ancient city. Oni said: “The administration of Abdullahi Umar Ganduje means business in making sure that Kano State bounces back in the area of industrialisation. The governor has created a good environment for business to flourish.” Katagum urged the people not to relent in ensuring they benefited from the National Small and Medium Enterprises Support project, meant to empower businesses among Nigerians. She added: “Kano and Lagos states were given higher numbers, looking at their population sizes. The way Kano State government is responding positively in creating an ease of doing business environment is highly commendable. Kano State deserves support.” Governor Ganduje praised President Muhammadu Buhari for providing the enabling environment. He appreciated all the support the state is getting from the Federal Government under the Muhammadu Buhari administration. Ganduje said: “If you look at President Muhammadu Buhari’s efforts in pushing many encouraging and viable projects to Kano State, you will agree that Kano has no option than to create opportunities and a peaceful atmosphere for businesses to thrive. “And we are very grateful that Mr President is giving us all the encouragement in ensuring that the industrialisation of our state becomes reality. This will make the state bounce back in a very effective and efficient way.” The governor appreciated Buhari on the recently inaugurated Kano-Kaduna-Abuja Pipeline Project (AKK) and Kano-Katsina-Jibia-Maradi Rail Road project, among others. “Other areas are the mega railway stations in Kano, Dambatta and Kazaure. Inland Dry Port project is also another milestone project that could elevate our economic fortunes without hindrance. This should be seen within the purview of President Muhammadu Buhari’s efforts in making Kano Industrialisation project a reality,” he said. Ganduje also urged the Federal Government to expedite action in the inauguration of the expanded International Wing of Malam Aminu Kano International Airport, since the business cannot thrive without a proper transportation system.  Source By Chinwe Ugwu It is often said that actions speak louder than words. While some leaders prefer to talk, others tend to work silently and be noticed by what they do rather than what they preach. Yet there are those who will never trade off their integrity and patriotic zeal,… In "Opinion" By Tukur Muntari Kano - Gov. Abdullahi Ganduje of Kano state has promised to continue to work for the development of the state in order to leave lasting legacy for the benefit of generations yet unborn. Ganduje made the remarks at the Award/Appreciation Night organised by the Correspondents’ Chapel of… In "News" By Muhammad Nur Tijani Kano - Kano State Governor, Abdullahi Ganduje, has declared free primary and secondary education for school age children in the state.‎ He made the declaration in his acceptance speech, shortly after being sworn in as Kano State Governor for second term in Kano on Wednesday. He… In "News"