Some Enugu residents are worried about the increase in the price of kerosene in the metropolis, from N195 to N235 per litre.  NAN correspondent, who monitored sales of the product in the metropolis on Wednesday, observed that the prices have increased in most filling stations from N195 to N235 per litre, although the product is available in almost all fuel stations.  The fuel station manager at Amaechi Road, Mr Jude Ogbodo, said fuel stations witnessed the increase two weeks ago. “Here in our fuel station, we sell kerosene according to how we bought it, so we did not increase the price because we feel like doing so,” he said. Another fuel station manager on Agbani Road, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said the price had gone up when compared to what was sold two weeks ago. He added that the product was sold for between N190 and N200 per litre before the recent price increase. The manager expressed optimism that its availability would continue in spite of the price increase. “Many buyers are lamenting over the increase of the product and they are afraid that scarcity of the product may set in. “It is a surprise to them that it is now sold at the cost of between N235 and N240 at fuel stations, while at the black market it is sold for between N290 and N300,” he said. ‌A resident, Mrs Onyeka Agu, said she was not able to buy the number of litres she planned to buy, and appealed to the government to step in and make the product affordable to ordinary citizens. Another resident, Mr Uzochukwu Nebo, said it was worrisome that the price of kerosene had increased. Nebo called on the government to reduce the price of the product as it continues to make it available, especially for the common man. He underscored the importance of both price reduction and product availability, saying this would go a long way in reducing the cost of the product and also, the inconvenience caused to families.  (NAN) Osogbo  - Pump price of petrol has continued to increase in towns across the country as scarcity of the product persists on Wednesday, the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports. A survey by NAN in major cities across the country shows that long queues have characterised the few fuel stations… In "Business" Abuja -   Supply of petroleum products across the country has greatly improved after weeks of scarcity encountered by motorists, a survey by the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) has shown. NAN correspondents report that many filling stations across the country are now free of long queues that characterised sights… In "Business" Abuja -  Consumers of Household Kerosene in the Federal Capital Territory have raised concerns over the continued increase in the price of the product. A News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) investigation in Abuja on Friday revealed that some filling stations sell the product at N140 per litre, while black marketers… In "Business"