Former Minister of Aviation Femi Fani-Kayode has declared he’s still a member of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). He spoke despite confirmation by Kogi Governor Yahaya Bello that he has joined the All Progressives Congress (APC). Fani-Kayode met on Monday with Bello and acting National Chairman of the APC, Governor Mai Buni, fuelling speculation he was on his way to joining the ruling party. Bello, in a viral video, said: “Our brother and friend, Chief Femi Fani-Kayode has joined our party in good faith. He’s joining our party to add his own positive energy and make contribution into ensuring that APC is a party to beat. “Remember that Chief Femi Fani-Kayode was a foundation member of this great party. Due to misunderstanding, he decided to port elsewhere, now he has decided to join our party, approached me, and by the mandate given to me by the party, I must not segregate or discriminate against any individual.” But Fani-Kayode clarified he has not left the PDP. He tweeted on his verified handle on Wednesday: “Though we have had meetings across party lines and we are in a season of political consultation, I have not left the PDP.” The Nation Kogi Governor Yahaya Bello has confirmed former Minister of Aviation, Chief Femi Fani-Kayode has joined the All Progressives Congress (APC). Fani-Kayode on Monday met with the National Chairman of the APC, Governor Mai Buni of Yobe State and Governor Bello, fuelling speculation he was on his way back to the… In "Politics" The All Progressives Congress, APC, has declared former Minister of Aviation, Femi Fani-Kayode persona non grata, saying that he’s not a recognised member of the party. According to the APC, the controversial writer who parades himself as a member of the party does not have a valid membership card. The… In "News" •Chief Femi Fani-Kayode ABUJA - A former Minister of Aviation, Chief Femi Fani-Kayode may be on his way back to the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) six years after he left for the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), The Nation reports. Sources close to him said he met with chairman, Caretaker/Extra-Ordinary… In "Politics"