Presidential aide, Femi Adesina, has stated that President Buhari cannot be addressing every issue that comes his way.  According to him, any President who speaks on every issue and idea preferred to him on national issue must be a ”Talkative President” Adesina who appeared on Channels TV last night February 9, said this while reacting to claims that the President has been silent on the clashes between farmers and herders. “It is not that the president hasn’t spoken, because a number of times, the president has spoken on the issue and his position has always been the same. Anybody, whoever he is, that carries arms unlawfully should be arrested and prosecuted. The president has said it countless times. No matter who he is, where he comes from, criminality is criminality; anybody bearing arms unlawfully must be arrested and prosecuted. Every statement is categorical. Anything the president says is categorical, so you don’t need to ask for categorical statements again. Many times, he has spoken about this. Remember that some few days before the Ondo saga, there had been the Sokoto one that some people gave an ultimatum to Bishop Kukah to leave town. The presidency was against it. Would we say the president also spoke because bishop Kukah was Fulani? Not at all. The president is the president of the whole country, and peace and security devolve in him and he must do everything fairly and impartially at all times. When you have knotty issues like this, many solutions will be proffered; the president does not need to speak on each and every one of them. He does not have to. It was just an idea being proffered. It should be looked into, and then if it is a consensus, it should be adopted. But it is not as one idea comes, the president speaks on it; another idea comes, the president speaks on it; such must be a talkative president. Ideas will need to be discussed and critically assessed.” he said. Source The National Assembly has expressed reservations over recent conducts of some government officials in the Executive arm, whose behaviours the leadership of the Legislature considered uncooperative. The Senate President, Senator Ahmad Lawan, expressed the reservation while speaking to State House Correspondents after a closed-doors meeting with the President Muhammadu Buhari… In "News" Ahead of the 5th year anniversary of President Buhari in office, tomorrow May 29, Femi Adesina, the Special Adviser to the President on Media and Publicity, has released a statement enlisting the ''salutary achievements'' the President has made so far. President Buhari took over from Goodluck Jonathan after a keenly… In "News" •Promises tougher measures against bandits•Senate backs community policing, to interface with IG•Insecurity alarming, says House Omololu Ogunmade, Deji Elumoye, Chucks Okocha and Adewale Akinwale in Abuja Abuja (Sundiata Post) - President Muhammadu Buhari yesterday expressed shock at the level of violent crimes in the North-west and other parts of the… In "Top Stories"