Bitcoin hit a record high near $45,000 on Monday after Elon Musk’s electric carmaker Tesla invested $1.5 billion in the digital currency. Bitcoin hit $44,795.20 around 1325 GMT, before cooling slightly to $44,207.95. The cryptocurrency is up by around 50 per cent since the start of the year. “This is probably one of the biggest developments for the cryptocurrency industry,” noted Fawad Razaqzada, analyst at ThinkMarkets. “Tesla is going to be a major player in the auto industry and if it starts accepting bitcoin as a form of payment, it will give the digital currency further legitimacy.” Tesla’s announcement, in a US Securities and Exchange Commission document, is a sign of confidence in the cryptocurrency that regulators are concerned could be used for illegal transactions. “As more and more companies start accepting bitcoin, this will only lead to further increases in demand in a market which is limited in supply,” Razaqzada added. “Therefore, the long-term outlook on bitcoin remains bullish even if it is starting to look quite expensive in fiat currency terms.” Unregulated by any central bank, bitcoin emerged as an attractive option for investors with an appetite for the exotic — although criminals have also picked up on its under-the-radar appeal. Debate has raged over the status of the digital asset, launched in late 2008, as to whether it should be seen as a form of money, an asset or a commodity. After the unit — worth a handful of cents in late 2008 — surpassed $1,000 for the first time in 2013, it increasingly began to attract the attention of financial institutions and has experienced wild price swings. Tesla’s move is “the kind of backing that can take bitcoin through $50,000”, remarked Neil Wilson, chief market analyst at Markets.com. It nonetheless raises “questions for fund managers who may not want to invest in a company with this kind of risk on its balance sheet — we know bitcoin is very volatile”, he added. (AFP) London, center of the $5-trillion-a-day global currency market, now wants to be home to a controversial upstart - bitcoin. British authorities have come out in support of digital currencies in the name of promoting financial innovation, while proposing that regulations should be drawn up to prevent their use in crime.… In "News" BUCHAREST - In a well-lit office with red window frames in downtown Bucharest, Romania's first bitcoin ATM attracts many who until it opened in May had to buy or sell the digital currency face-to-face or through wire transfers. The interest in bitcoin in Romania stands out in a region where… In "News" oinNEW YORK - Overstock.com Inc's sales through bitcoin are expected to add 4 cents per share to its earnings this year, the online retailer's chief executive, Patrick Byrne, told Reuters. Bitcoin sales at Overstock, which started accepting this type of currency as payment for items on its website in January… In "News"