Nigeria’s Inspector General of Police, Adamu Mohammed has denied damning allegation that he paid money to get his tenure extended.  Recall that Sahara Reporters had alleged that Adamu paid N2 billion for the extension of his tenure. Adamu’s tenure ended on February 1 but has since been extended by three months by President Buhari. Reacting, the IGP denied the accusation. Read the statement below… The Police High Command has described as untrue, unfounded, defamatory and libellous, the publication by Sahara Reporters, dated February 07, 2021, which alleged that the Inspector-General of Police, IGP M.A Adamu, NPM, mni paid over 2 Billion Naira for the tenure extension. The Force wishes to state categorically that the extension of service of the IGP was strictly the prerogative of the President and was never paid for as maliciously reported in the publication. The insinuations also by Sahara Reporters that the IGP did not “celebrate” his extension smacks of ignorance and a pathetic misplacement of priority. The extension does not call for merry-making or celebration but a time for more work, rededication to duty and selfless service to the nation. The IGP, while assuring the nation of an unwavering commitment by the Force under his leadership, to improved service delivery, safety and security of the citizenry, enjoins members of the public to disregard and discountenance the publication by Sahara Reporters as evidently untrue and unfounded. The IGP is undistracted and the Force remains motivated and committed to delivering on its mandate, especially the task of neutralizing current and emerging internal security threats. Meanwhile, the IGP has directed his legal team to commence legal actions against the online publishers. CP FRANK MBAFORCE PUBLIC RELATIONS OFFICERFORCE HEADQUARTERSABUJA  Source According to a report by SaharaReporters, a source in the Nigeria Police Force has revealed that the Inspector General of Police, Mohammed Adamu, paid over N2 billion to get a one-year extension in office. Adamu is however said to be unhappy that he only got a 3-month extension and therefore… In "News" There is suspense in the Nigeria Police Force (NPF) ahead of the service exit date of the Inspector-General, Mr. Abubakar Adamu Mohammed. The suspense is hinged on the fact that it is not clear whether Adamu’s tenure will be extended by President Muhammadu Buhari. Some power brokers were said to… In "News" ABUJA - President Muhammadu Buhari has extended the tenure of Mohammed Adamu as the Inspector General of Police (IGP) by three months. This was announced to correspondents on Thursday by Minister of Police Affairs, Mohammad Dingyadi, at the Presidential Villa, Abuja. He said the extension was necessary to give room… In "Top Stories"