MINNA – The names of the abducted pupils and teachers of Government Science College, Kagara, Niger State, have been released. Bandits had invaded the school and abducted 27 students, three teachers, two non-teaching staff and nine family members of the staff staying in the quarters on Wednesday morning. The names of the abducted teachers are: Hannatu Philip, Lawal Abdullahi and Dodo Fodio while the non teaching staff are Mohammed Musa and Faiza Mohammed. The abducted family members are: Christiana Adama, Faith Adama, Maimuna Suleman, Nura Isah, Ahmad Isah, Khadizat Isah, Mohammed Mohammed, Aisha Isah and Saratu Isah. The students are: Jamilu Isah, Shem Joshua, Abbas Abdullahi, Isah Abdullahi, Ezekeil Danladi, Haliru Shuibu, Mamuda Suleman, Danzakar Dauda, Abdulsamad Sanusi, Bashir Abbas. The rest are Suleman Lawal, Abdullahi Adamu, Habakuk Augustine, Idris Mohammed, Musa Adamu, Abdulkarim Abdulrahman, Abubakar Danjumma, Abdullahi Abubakar, Bashir Kamalideen, Mohammed Salisu. Yusuf M Kabir, Isah Abdullah Makusidi, Polineous Vicente, Lawal Bello, Mohammed K Shehu, Mubarak Sidi and Abdulsamad Nuhu. The student shot and killed by the bandits in the school premises was Benjamin Habila. (The Nation) The names of some staff member of the Government Science College, Kagara, Niger State that were kidnapped in the early hours of Wednesday by gunmen suspected to be bandits has been revealed. The staff members were identified as Mrs Salmanu, Mr Lawal, Mr Ali, Mr Batagi, Mr Mohammed Abubakar and… In "News" Following the abduction of students of the Government Science College Kagara by bandits, the National Security Adviser, Babagana Munguno, the Inspector General of Police, Adamu Mohammed, the Minister of Police have arrived Niger state to set the victims free. This development was disclosed by Bashir Ahmad, the personal assistant to… In "News" LAFIA - The Nasarawa State Universal Basic Education Board (SUBEB) has begun the training of 200 primary school teachers on teaching methodology. Malam Abdulkarim Abdullahi, the Executive Chairman of the board, made this known on Thursday in Lafia at the inauguration of a two-week capacity building workshop. The workshop was… In "News"