The police in Osun state said on Tuesday they had freed three Chinese workers kidnapped last week. The Chinese nationals were abducted and their police escort killed on February 1 following a dispute with local labourers at the mining site at the Atakumosa area of the state. “We have rescued the three Chinese expatriates. They were freed on Sunday,” state police spokeswoman Yemisi Opalola told AFP. She said they were released following a joint operation of police and local hunters. “Our operatives and the hunters had been combing the bushes and forests for the past one week,” she said. Opalola said the kidnappers had to abandon their captives when security forces closed in on them. She said the foreigners became ill while in captivity and were being given medical care. “We met them in a terrible state. These were people who were made to endure rough weather and not properly fed in captivity,” she said. She said no arrests had been made. Last July, four Chinese workers were abducted from a quarry site in Cross River state while their police guard was killed. They were released one month later. Channels TV Four Chinese workers abducted from a quarry site in Cross Rivers state have been freed, police said Sunday. Unknown gunmen seized the Chinese nationals in Akpabuyo in Cross Rivers state last month and killed their police guard. “We were able to secure the release of the Chinese nationals in Akpabuyo… In "News" The police on Sunday ordered their officers and men to go after those who were looting private and government establishments under the guise of #EndSARS protests.   Police commands in Akwa Ibom, Osun, Plateau, Kano and Anambra states in separate interviews with The PUNCH, said they had stepped up… In "News" A middle-aged woman, simply identified as Iya Ayo, was arrested for tying up her 10-year-old son, Ayo, in a sack and locking him up in a wardrobe for four days in the Fesojaye community, Owode, in Osun State, The woman reportedly tied up her son last Thursday until on Sunday… In "Metro"