Republic of Senegal has been nominated as Economic Community of West Africa (ECOWAS) candidate to chair the African Union for 2022-2023. The Authority of the Heads of State and Government of the regional body gave its nod yesterday. It also gave its nod to Ghanaian President Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo for second term to continue as its chair to oversee the implementation of ECOWAS reforms. The ECOWAS Authority is the highest organ of the West African Sub-Region and it is made up of heads of state and government of ECOWAS. The decisions were contained in the communiqué issued at the end of the authority’s Extraordinary Session on Tuesday via video conference, under the chairmanship of Akufo-Addo, in preparation for the 34th ordinary Session of the Assembly of the African Union on the election of the new management team of the African Union Commission. The video-conference had several heads of state and government or their designated representatives, including Vice President Yemi Osibanjo. The communique reads: “It instructs the President of the ECOWAS Commission to take the necessary steps to immediately notify the African Union Commission of the nomination “The Authority also instructs the President of the Commission to propose, for adoption, at the next Ordinary Session of the Authority of Heads of State and Government, a clear mechanism for the rotation of candidatures to ensure that each member state has a legitimate opportunity to chair the Assembly of the African Union”. Other key decisions were: “The authority agreed on the order of priority of the commissioner positions for which ECOWAS nationals are still standing for election by the Assembly of the African Union and made the necessary arbitrations between member states putting forward candidates for the same position. “The authority decides to prioritise support for the candidature of Nigeria to the post of Commissioner for Political Affairs, Peace and Security. Summit decided that the second Commissioner position to be allocated to the West Africa Region will be filled by Burkina Faso, taking into account the gender parity.” The Nation The President of Ghana and Chairperson of the ECOWAS Authority, Nana Akufo-Addo, has expressed deep concern over the activities of Al-Qaeda and the Boko Haram sect in the Lake Chad Basin. Akufo-Addo who was recently elected as the ECOWAS Authority chairperson at the 57th Summit of the regional body in… In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - ECOWAS Heads of State and Government have elected President Issoufou Mahamadou of Niger as the chair of ECOWAS for a one-year term. Mahamadou was elected at the 55th Ordinary Session of the ECOWAS leaders on Saturday in Abuja, taking over from the outgone President Muhammadu Buhari… In "News" President Muhammadu Buhari has joined other West African regional leaders in an extraordinary peace mediation meeting over the political crisis in Mali. Monday’s meeting is sequel to the one held last Thursday in the Malian capital, Bamako, where all sides in the crisis were brought to the table for discussion.… In "News"