OWERRI – The battle between Rochas Okorocha and Governor Hope Uzodimma’s government took another turn on Monday as fourteen aides of the former Imo governor were arraigned before her lordship, B. U Adikaibe of Magistrate Court 4, Owerri. Okorocha had led his team, on Sunday, to unsealed his wife’s Royal Spring Palm Estate, Owerri, seized by Uzodimma’s government. Okorocha was later arrested and released on Sunday night. However, his aides arraigned today are Darlington Ibekewe, Obasi Goodluck, Nwaiwu Ndubuisi, Median Ijeoma, Obor Victor, Ucheka Claudin, Sunday Chisom, Ekpendu Peace, Nev F. Raphael, Basil Mba, Steve Asimobi, Ebere Nwokeji, Eberendu Chimechifulam and Olu Chizoba. They were accused of conspiring among themselves to disobey a lawful order issued by the state by removing the seal of the state government and entering into the sealed premises of Royal Spring Palm Hotel and Apartments belonging to Okorocha. Darlington Ibekewe was also accused of publishing a recorded defamatory matter on social media with intent to injure the reputation of the state government and the person of Governor Hope Uzodimma by exposing to hatred, contempt, ridicule and damage his reputation. One of the aides, Olu Chizoba was also charged with unlawful possession of a double-barrel pump action gun without a license. While Eddy Onyema is the leading counsel for the defendants, E.S Ibechem is the prosecutor. After hearing bail applications for and against the defendants, the magistrate went on 15 minutes break to enable her to rule on the bail applications.However, When the magistrate, B. U. Adikaibe, returned to the courtroom for her ruling, Ibekwe, slumped. He was, however, revived by his fellow suspects, who pleaded for water with which he was revived. After the incident, the court without delay granted all 14 accused persons bail of N5 million each, totaling N70 million. The magistrate noted that the condition the court must be fulfilled before they would regain their freedom. Police has revealed why it arrested a former Governor of Imo State, Rochas Okorocha. According to the Police, Okorocha was arrested for breaking into the Royal Spring Palm Hotels and Apartments. SaharaReporters had reported how the state government seized the estate allegedly belonging to Nkechi, wife of the former governor.… In "Politics" •Okorocha at the police station Immediate past Governor of Imo State, Senator Rochas Okorocha, has been arrested on the orders of the Imo State Government. He was not, however, handcuffed as reported by some news platforms. “Yes, it’s true; he has been arrested,” a top State Government official said this… In "Top Stories" The South-East Governors Forum has waded into the impasse between the Imo Governor, Hope Uzodinma, and the state’s former governor, Rochas Okorocha. A squabble ensued between both sides’ supporters on February 21 when Okorocha allegedly broke into the Royal Spring Palm Apartment, Owerri, sealed by the Imo State Government on… In "Politics"