In a video shot during an APC event in Kogi and shared on Wednesday, Bello said the defection was one of his achievements as the head of the youth mobilisation committee for the party’s membership registration and revalidation.   “Our brother and friend, Chief Femi Fani-Kayode, has joined our party in good faith. He is joining our party to come and add his own positive energy and make contributions to ensuring that APC is a party to beat. “Remember, Chief Femi Fani-Kayode is a foundation member of the All Progressives Congress… Now he has decided to join our party, approached me and by the mandate giving to me by our party, I must not segregate,” the governor said. The Kogi State Commissioner for Information, Kingsley Fanwo, in an interview with our correspondent in Lokoja, said the statement credited to the governor was true. “It is a video and it is clear,” said the commissioner in a short reply to our correspondent’s enquiry about the viral video.  However, Fani-Kayode said that he was still a member of the PDP. “Though we have had meetings across party lines and we are in a season of political consultation, I have not left the PDP,” he wrote on his verified Twitter handle on Wednesday.  Source Former Minister of Aviation Femi Fani-Kayode has declared he’s still a member of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). He spoke despite confirmation by Kogi Governor Yahaya Bello that he has joined the All Progressives Congress (APC). Fani-Kayode met on Monday with Bello and acting National Chairman of the APC, Governor… In "Politics" Kogi Governor Yahaya Bello has confirmed former Minister of Aviation, Chief Femi Fani-Kayode has joined the All Progressives Congress (APC). Fani-Kayode on Monday met with the National Chairman of the APC, Governor Mai Buni of Yobe State and Governor Bello, fuelling speculation he was on his way back to the… In "Politics" A former Aviation Minister Femi Fani-Kayode has explained why he had closed-door discussions with some leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC). The Nation had reported how Fani-Kayode met with the Chairman of APC Caretaker/Extra-Ordinary Convention Planning Committee (CECPC) and Yobe State Governor Mai Mala Buni as well as… In "News"