A former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria, Dr Obadiah Mailafia, says many of the bandits terrorising the country were sponsored by persons who wanted to push former President Goodluck Jonathan out of power at all cost. Mailafia said this during an interview with The PUNCH on Thursday. He said, “During the 2015 elections they brought in thousands of foreigners into this country, armed them because it was a case of if Goodluck Jonathan doesn’t surrender, there will be war. They were ready for civil war; they were not ready for peace.  “Of course, Jonathan handed over to them and then they turned their backs on the hoodlums and the hoodlums said ‘look, you brought us here and we are still here’.” Mailafia, who was the Presidential candidate of the African Democratic Congress in the last election, said he was also convinced that some foreign powers were behind the bandits. “There are certain world powers that want to destroy our country. That is what I believe. There was a container load of weapons that were brought in from Turkey. Another time some were brought in from Iran. But nobody probed further and everything was swept under the carpet and that was the end of it,” he said.  The former CBN deputy governor, who was last year invited by the Department of State Services and the police for saying that an unnamed northern governor was a Boko Haram commander, said the fact that other people have come out to say far worse but have not been invited, shows that he was unfairly targeted. “My name is Mailafia and I am always for peace. I want peace in this country because I know without peace there can be no development but I think the people in government have to be objective and treat us equally. Someone says one thing and they go after him. Others say worse things and they are treated with kid gloves,” he said. The former CBN deputy governor also disagreed with the approach of Sheikh Ahmad Gumi on the issue of amnesty for bandits.Mailafia said it was wrong to offer such hoodlums amnesty and then make no provision for the victims, adding that they have no agenda other than to destroy.  He argued that appeasing the bandits would never work even as he said the Niger Delta militancy and the banditry ravaging the country are two different things. “I do not believe that the Niger Delta militancy can be compared to the terrorists. These people (terrorists) are not even bandits. A bandit is a common thief or a brigand. The ‘agbero’ are bandits. These people carrying sophisticated weapons and rockets are not bandits. They are terrorists. “They have killed, they have maimed, they have raped and they have wreaked havoc,” Mailafia said. The Nation Dr Obadiah Mailafia, a former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria has revealed that most of the bandits causng havoc in the country were sponsored by persons who wanted former President Goodluck Jonathan out of power. Mailafia said this during an interview with The PUNCH on Thursday. He… In "Features" A former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria, Dr. Obadiah Mailafia, has urged the Nigerian Army to stop making ‘reassuring noises’ and do everything possible to secure the release of the schoolboys abducted last Friday from the Government Science Secondary School, Kankara, Katsina State. Bandits had stormed the… In "News" The National Broadcasting Commission has fined a radio station, Nigeria Info, N5m, for a recent comment made by a former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria, Dr Obadiah Mailafia. This was contained in a statement signed by the NBC management on Thursday titled, ‘The National Broadcasting Commission Fines… In "News"