Governor Nyesom Wike of Rivers State has faulted the Nigerian Senate for the confirmation of the immediate past service chiefs as ambassadors.  In a statement issued on Wednesday, February 24, Wike said Nigerians are not happy that the lawmakers who called for the sack of the former service chiefs due to security issues, also confirmed them as ambassadors. Wike urged urge senate to be courageous to carry out their duties rather than being sentimental due to political parties. “Nigerians are disappointed with the national assembly for confirming sacked service chiefs as ambassadors. “I wonder why senators who agreed with Nigerians when they decried the poor performance of the service chiefs, will sit to clear them for another appointment. “Let me use this opportunity to express the dismay of most Nigerians to the senate. Convey this to the senate. We must be courageous in whatever we are doing. Everything must not be party affairs. “You (senators) sat and discussed that they should dismiss the service chiefs. You said they’re not performing. “Now, the same people who were not performing, you have confirmed them as ambassadors. What kind of country are we?”  Source Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike, has accused the National Assembly of double standard for confirming former service chiefs as non-career ambassadors. The governor spoke on Wednesday when the Senate Committee on Niger Delta paid him a courtesy visit at Government House, Port Harcourt. Wike wondered why senators, who had earlier… In "News" PORT HARCOURT (Sundiata Post) - Rivers State Governor, Chief Nyesom Wike has stated that with the level of the looting of furniture, facilities and cars in Government House, Port Harcourt by the immediate past Governor, Mr. Rotimi Amaechi,  it might take three months before he (Wike) starts operating from the Government… In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Transportation Minister, Rotimi Amaechi, is a former boss of current Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike, and the lawmaker representing Rivers Southeast Senatorial District, Senator Magnus Abe. But today, the three are at loggerheads. Who will have the upper hand this time? Amaechi, an Ikwerre from Ubima… In "Top Stories"