At least, 17 women and an unknown number of children were reportedly kidnapped in Sabuwa Local Government Area of Katsina State on their way to a wedding ceremony in Funtua Local Government Area of the state. A source from the area disclosed that the majority of the women were carrying children when they were intercepted on Thursday by unknown gunmen who whisked them away to an unknown location. “The incident happened when the women were on their way from Unguwar Rimi Village to Garin Maigora town to attend a wedding ceremony,” the source said, adding that almost all the women were carrying babies at the time they were abducted. The source revealed however that one of the women was released together with her baby by the suspected bandits due to the health condition of the child. A resident of the area, who expressed concerns over the incident, also disclosed that the security situation in the area had deteriorated due to increased bandits’ activities in recent time. It was also reported that, on Wednesday, suspected bandits kidnapped eight persons – three married women and five men – at Dugun sambo village, Dandume Local Government Area of Katsina State. Also, suspected bandits kidnapped four – two male adults and two married women – at Unguwar Tashuka village of Sayau ward, Sabuwa Local Government Area, Katsina state around 2:00 am. Similarly, unidentified gunmen attacked Tashar Bawa and Sayau Dangado villages around 10:15 am on Tuesday where they carted away many boxer motorcycles and mobile phones. They however tried to kidnap some people at Sayau Dangado village but took to their heels when military vehicles arrived. When contacted for confirmation, the Police spokesperson in Katsina, SP Isah Gambo, promised to make an inquiry into the matter before comment. (Daily Trust) Armed bandits have kidnapped three nursing mothers in Karaukarau village, Giwa Local government area of Kaduna State. A source from the village, Malam Sani Bakali told our Correspondent that, the heavily armed bandits had earlier picked 13 women, were challenged and repelled by the villagers. Bakali explained that, the hoodlums… In "News" By YUSHA’U ADAMU IBRAHIM & HABIBU UMAR AMINU KATSINA - It was a terrifying moment for residents of Yankara village in Faskari Local Government Area of Katsina State when dozens of armed bandits stormed the village and kidnapped a bride-to-be and her best friend 48 hours to her wedding Fatiha.… In "Metro" Kidnappers and gunmen have sustained attacks in different parts of the country abducting 75 persons and killing 18 others. In Niger State, no fewer than 50 persons were abducted in the early hours of Thursday when bandits attacked Bassa community in the Shiroro Local Government Area of the state. Nine… In "News"