President Muhammadu Buhari Tuesday in Abuja directed the Ministries of Transportation and Finance to conclude financial arrangements with appropriate co-financiers that will partner with the Federal Government f0r construction of the West-East Coastal rail line from Lagos to Calabar, linking some major cities in South East and South-South.  Speaking at the virtual groundbreaking ceremony for the Kano-Katsina-Jibiya-Maradi Rail Line, the President said the West-East Coastal rail line will connect Onitsha, Benin, Warri, Yenegoa, Port Harcourt, Aba, and Uyo.  “Furthermore, the contract for the important Central Railway traversing Itakpe – Baro – Abuja with connection to Lokoja and a new seaport in Warri has been signed and is expected to achieve an appreciable level of completion during the tenure of this administration,’’ the President said. President Buhari noted that the cities of Jibiya and Maradi constitute a significant trading core between Nigeria and the Niger Republic – a tradition dating back many centuries. “This vital infrastructure line will establish an end-to-end logistic supply chain in railway transport services between Northern and Southern regions of the country, reaching Nigerian southern ports of Lagos and Warri.  “The entire route encompasses territory inhabited by close to 80 million people across 10 states of the country. This project has a branch line to Dutse the capital of Jigawa State to open up this corridor which is endowed with vast resources.’’ He said the Kano–Maradi rail line has been identified as a viable line that will significantly enhance the movement of passengers and freight to the hinterland, especially raw materials from both agricultural and mineral resources for our industries. “The rail line traverses the major commercial and administrative centre of Kano and passing through other economic hubs of the country including Kazaure, Daura, Katsina and up to the border town of Jibiya and the Niger Republic city of Maradi., “ the President stated. He said the Kano-Maradi project, when completed, would serve import and export of goods for the Niger Republic and other countries in the sub-region through Nigerian ports. “The country would earn revenue through expansion of trade and commerce, while the people of Niger Republic will benefit from the ease of transportation logistics at an affordable cost in their import and export business. “The connection to the Niger Republic through rail will also foster Trans-Sahara trade and contribute to the expected gains in the African Continental Free Trade Area Agreement.’’ President Buhari commended the construction company handling the project, Messrs Mota-Engil Nigeria Limited, for supporting knowledge and technology transfer by investing in the establishment of a learning Institution for Transportation and Railway Science. “We have in the rail sector embarked on the completion of the 1,424 Kilometer Lagos – Kano rail line to join the one being flagged-off today for the country’s Western axis. “On the Eastern corridor of the country, the Port Harcourt – Enugu – Makurdi – Maiduguri rail line with branches to Owerri, Imo State and Damaturu, Yobe State, have been awarded for reconstruction to include a deep seaport in Bonny Island and a Railway Industrial Park in Port Harcourt with the objectives of achieving a vibrant and functional railway.” In his remarks, the Governor of Katsina State, Aminu Bello Masari, appreciated the President for bringing the life-long dream of the state to reality with inclusion on the Kano-Maradi rail line. Governor Masari, accompanied by the Governor of Kano, Abdullahi Ganduje, and Jigawa, Badaru Abubakar, urged the Minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi, to work towards the completion and commissioning of the project by 2023. The Minister of Transportation said the feasibility study for the Kano-Maradi railway started in 2012 and was concluded by 2015, thanking the President for support and regular intervention. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - President Muhammadu Buhari has said that Kano – Maradi rail, when completed, will significantly enhance the movement of passengers and freight to the hinterland especially raw materials from both agricultural and mineral resources for our industries. He stated this on Tuesday at the… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Federal Government is set for the Ground Breaking ceremony of Kano-Maradi rail line on Tuesday, Feb.9, 2021  to commence the 284km  standard gauge rail project by the contractor,  Messrs Mota-Engil Nigeria Ltd, a Portuguese firm. The Minister of Transportation,  Rt.Hon.Chibuike  Rotimi Amaechi… In "News" By Sumaila Ogbaje Abuja -  President Muhammadu Buhari has set an ambitious target in his new year message to boost rail transportation in all the zones of the country in 2018. Buhari said that Lagos-Kano Standard Gauge line, which has the capacity to carry two million passengers per year and… In "News"