Chris Ngige, the Minister of Labour and Employment, has stated that the All Progressives Congress (APC) will do whatever it takes to regain power in the forthcoming Governorship election in Anambra state on November 6, 2021.  The former Governor of Anambra state who said this over the weekend during an interactive session between the party stakeholders and members of the registration and revalidation committee in Awka, the state capital, stated that successive All Progressive Grand Alliance (APGA) administration in the state had failed to provide good governance for the people. Ngige averred that “quality leadership” ended in 2006 when he left office, and also added that APC will install a Governor who will continue from where he stopped. He Said; “Whatever it will take to achieve it, we will do it, to make sure we flush-out that non-performing government and take over. “When I was governor, we built roads and other infrastructure that have lasted till date. Successive APGA governments failed to provide road infrastructure that was able to endure for more than six months before being washed away. They find it difficult to implement the minimum wage for workers, which many states have implemented. What they do at the government house is to cross their legs and make merry. The party has failed woefully in all spheres of governance. Therefore, by November, APC will install a governor, who will continue from where I stopped. “We need to populate all the pooling boots in Anambra with our members. This will produce result for us.”  Source By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari on Monday met behind closed door with Gov. Godwin Obaseki of Edo at the Presidential Villa, Abuja. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports the meeting which was at the instance of the governor, came ahead of the governorship primary election of… In "Politics" Abuja- Former Youth Leader of PDP in Edo, Chief Francis Inegbeneki on Monday in Ubiaja, won the All Progressives Congress (APC) primaries for the Edo Central Senatorial seat for the general elections in 2015. He polled 852 votes to beat Mr Joe Okojie (335 votes) and Mr Theophilus Okoh (271… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Siundiata Post) – Ekiti State Governor, Ayodele Fayose has hailed the Minister of Labour and Productivity, Senator Chris Ngige for his boldness to campaign for him in the presence of his dreaded boss, President Muhammadu Buhari. Describing Ngige as a man who is not always afraid… In "Top Stories"