Zang Bot, a young business man from Jos, Plateau State who builds power banks and other computer parts from recycled waste has been chosen for a maiden climate change hackhaton funded by the Kingdom of the Netherlands.  The consulate general of the kingdom of the netherlands in Lagos and the Nigeria climate Innovation Center (NCIC) had invited eligible green entrepreneurs in the sustainable development space, to apply for a planned “circular economy hackathon” holding till mid February. It is an event in which a large number of experts and businessmen in the climate change sector will meet to engage in collaborative solution brainstorming. It is expected to produce the first Nigerian climate change solution in decades. Zang who applied for the event along with thousands of others from different locations emerged among 20 top candidates, an official report says. “Congratulations! After a thorough review of your application for the Circular Economy Hackhaton, we are pleased to inform you that your business has been selected as one of the top 20 contestants,” an official notification to Zang reads. Further details about the official launch were still expected as of the time of filing this report. However, during the launch, the notification says Zang will be formally notified of the Dutch Company he will be working with. Zang, 28, started technological explorations from childhood, and without University training, he built his first successful power bank, computer foot-mouse, sand sieving machine and candle light control device from scrapped electronic parts. Zang believes recycling electronic waste will help eliminate toxins from the environment, making humanity safer and healthier. He also believes doing so will create jobs, reduce overdependence on importation, solve energy problems and insecurity which arises from poverty and poor communication. It is believed that desertification and other climate related problems are responsible for the migration of Herdsmen, causing clashes between farmers and herders. Zang’s technology is therefore considered to be a solution to multiple problems. The Federal government last two years awarded him for the best Technology Innovation in Nigeria. He has also won a Pan-African award among several others. Zang is among few entrepreneurs from Plateau State who are creating simple solutions to human problems from previously undiscovered sources. Jerry Mallo, 30 also from Plateau has won several local and international awards for building tractors, cars and other machines from locally sourced materials. Many others like Williams Gyang, Nura Mohammed and one other who built first local decontamination chamber after fixing broken ventilators have also risen to stardom from developing life solutions from local materials. The Plateau State Government through its Microfinance Development Agency PLASMIDA has created a fund to support young entrepreneurs like them to attain their goals. The State will soon be the technology hub of Nigeria if it continues at its current pace. Masara Kim Mr. Luka Zang Bot, the young Nigerian who recently won the 2019 national Micro, Small and Medium Scale Enterprises award for Technology and Innovation might be working a final solution to Nigeria’s farmer-herder conflicts. Zang has locally developed a high capacity power bank from electronic waste as “a… In "Education" By Cecilia Ologunagba Preparatory to the United Nations Climate Change Conference (COP 21) that will hold in Paris between Nov. 30 and Dec. 11, 2015, UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon has reiterated the need for an urgent global response to climate change. ``Why do I care so much about this issue?… In "News" By Ismaila Chafe   Abuja   -     President Muhammadu Buhari on Monday welcomed the interest of the Dutch Prime Minister, Mark Rutte, to support the restoration of the Lake Chad to its old glory. Buhari said this when he met with Dutch Prime Minister, Mark Rutte, at The… In "Foreign"