Operatives of Oyo State Security Network Agency codenamed Amotekun Corps have intercepted a truck loaded with about 80 men suspected to be Fulani herdsmen at Iwo Road area of Ibadan, the Oyo State capital. The truck was stopped by personnel of Amotekun Corps and a quick search revealed some bows, arrows and daggers in the vehicle. Also about 25 motorcycles were also discovered in the truck which also had cows. Upon interrogation, the men were reported to have told the Amotekun operatives that they were going to Lagos and Ogun States. The search was said to have attracted residents who trooped to the scene, but to avoid crisis, the security agents were said to have led the truck and its occupants to Agodi Police station. They were said to have been handed over to the police at the station for further interrogation and search. But the Police while confirming the interception said no incriminating evidence was found on the suspects and have been led to the boundary of the state to continue their journey. Confirming the incident, the Commandant of Amotekun in Oyo State, Col. Olayinka Olayanju (rtd) said “We arrested about 80 men in a truck. We found some bows and arrows and knifes in the truck. They also had some cows and motorcycles there. “We couldn’t carry out a thorough search because we had started attracting attention so we moved them to the police station nearby.” When contacted, the spokesperson for Oyo State Police Command, CSP Olugbenga Fadeyi also confirmed the development. He said, “Some persons were intercepted and they were taken to Agodi Police Station where they were profiled. They said they were coming from Wudil in Kano and were going to Lagos and some to Ogun State. They said they were taking the cows to the abattoir in Agege, Lagos. “We didn’t find anything incriminating on them. They were released and escorted to the Toll Gate area on Lagos-Ibadan Expressway. They are no longer in Oyo State territory.” The Nation The Oyo State Security Network codenamed Amotekun Corps on Tuesday arrested 25 suspected herdsmen in possession of about 25 Dane guns and ten dogs. The suspects were intercepted in a truck with registration number TUR 30 ZY Kebbi. The operatives were led by one Gbenga Olanrewaju on routine patrol. The… In "Features" Some suspected killers of the traditional ruler of Ifon in Ose local government, Oba Israel Adeusi, the Olufon of Ifon, have been arrested. Identity of the suspects was yet to be made public because of the ongoing investigation into the killing. They were arrested by a combine team of security… In "News" According to a report by The Nation, some of the suspected killers of Oba Israel Adeusi, the Olufon of Ifon who was the traditional ruler of Ifon in Ose local government, have been arrested. Identity of the suspects was yet to be made public because of the ongoing investigation into… In "News"