The Nigerian military has refuted reports that some Chibok girls were recently rescued.  The denial was made public by the Chief of Defence Staff (CDS), Maj.-Gen. Lucky Irabor. It had been reported that the girls were rescued during clearance operation in the Northeast. Irabor denied the claim at an interaction with newsmen during his operational visit to the Theatre Command of Operation Lafiya Dole in Maiduguri on Sunday. He said Chibok girls were not in the Military’s custody. “We do not have any of the Chibok girls in our custody, so if they are not with us we have nothing to confirm again. “It was the desire of the military the get the Chibok girls back safely and if our operations have helped those said to have escaped, I think we are glad,” Irabor added. The CDS, who was accompanied by the Chief of Army Staff, Maj.-Gen. Ibrahim Attahiru; Chief of Air Staff, Air Vice Marshal Isiaka Amao, and Chief of Naval Staff, Rear Admiral Awwal Gambo, said he was in the Theatre to appraise the security situations and get briefing from the officers on ground. Source ABUJA -  Members of the Bring Back Our Girls Campaign on Tuesday met with the Chief of Defence Staff, Air Marshal Alex Badeh over the abducted girls in Chibok, Borno. Former Minister of Education, Dr Obiageli Ezekwesili, Mr Isa Aremu, Vice President of the Nigeria Labour Congress and Mr Jibrin… In "News" Maiduguri  -   Gen. Abayomi Olonisakin, the Chief of Defence Staff (CDS) said on Monday that the military will wipe out the remnants of Boko Haram terrorists from Nigeria in a short while. Olonisakin stated this while speaking with newsmen during a visit to Maiduguri, Borno. Olonisakin said that his… In "Top Stories" MAIDUGURI (Sundiata Post) - The Nigerian armed forces has in a final onslaught against the Boko Haram, deployed ground and aerial forces deep inside Sambisa Forest aimed at clearing the remaining terrorist enclaves and rescuing the hostages including the Chibok girls. The Chief of Defence Staff (CDS), Gen. Abayomi Olonisakin,… In "Top Stories"