MINNA – One of the students of Government Science College, Kagara, Niger State, has revealed how bandits killed his colleague before abducting students and staff of the school. He said the incident happened around 2am when one of his colleagues who was on his way to the toilet noticed that some people holding flashlight were coming towards the school through the backyard. Speaking to BBC Hausa service on Thursday, the student said his friend alerted him on the development. “I told him that he shouldn’t be afraid, nothing will happen. But he went alone with his torch light. When they noticed that someone was coming towards their direction they turned off their lights,” the student said. He said they did not notice that the people were bandits until they entered their rooms and started pointing guns at them. “They told us not to shout or misbehave or else they will kill us. When one of us noticed this he shouted that everybody should run that thieves have entered the hostel and that was when people began to run out of the hostels.” “One of my friends left our room and met them on his way to their hostel. When he attempted to run, they shot at him three times in his head, back and stomach and he died.” ‘How I escaped’ The student further revealed that he hid in one part of the room with 10 of his roommates and luckily the bandits did not see them despite searching the room thoroughly. “They searched everywhere in the room but they did not see us. We hid in one corner where nobody can notice our presence, so they left us there. What really touched my heart was how they killed my friend while I was watching. “I saw his corpse and it really touched my heart. I cried so much,” he said. He said the bandits, who were in military uniform, spent almost three hours there and did not come with a vehicle, adding that they marched away after capturing the victims. (Daily Trust) Bandits killed a student during the attack on Government Science College Kagara in Niger State. The student identified as Benjamin. S. Doma, was shot dead by the bandits while trying to escape. The bandits invaded the school around 3 am on Wednesday, February 17, abducting the students and some of… In "News" Global rights group, Amnesty International, says the abduction of students and members of staff of Government Science College, Kagara, in Niger State, shows that the Federal Government is not doing enough to protect the lives of citizens. The PUNCH had reported that some students and staff of the school were… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate Wednesday called on President Muhammadu Buhari, to as a matter of urgency, declare a state of emergency on insecurity in the country. This was just as the Upper Chamber condemned in very strong terms, Wednesday’s abduction of students and teachers of Government… In "Top Stories"