The Federal High Court in Abuja on Thursday dismissed a suit seeking an order compelling the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) to investigate former Zamfara State Governor Abdulaziz Yari for alleged misappropriation of N900 billion.  Justice Okon Abang, in a judgment, dismissed the suit for lacking in merit. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) observes that a group, Patriots for the Advancement of Peace and Social Development (PAPS), had approached the court in an ex parte application. The PAPS, through its Chairman, Dr. Sani Shinkafi, had prayed the court to order the EFCC to act on the 15 petitions seeking urgent action by the anti-graft agency. Justice Abang also held that the application was filed out of time. The judge said in line with Order 34, Rule Four of the Federal High Court Rules, applications, such as the one by the applicant, should be done within three months of receiving the reports and documents on which the plaintiff based his case. He maintained that in line with the rules, the court lacked jurisdiction to extend the time for hearing such a matter as it is statute barred.  Source By Taiye Agbaje Abuja - Former Governor of Zamfara, Abdulaziz Yari, on Friday, prayed the Federal High Court Abuja, to direct the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) to unseal his property located at Maitama, Abuja. Yari, in an exparte motion brought by his Counsel, Mahmud Magaji, SAN, said the… In "News" Abuja - A Federal High Court Abuja on Thursday dismissed an application by Olisa Metuh seeking to abridge time for the hearing of his fundamental rights enforcement suit. Metuh, the National Publicity Secretary of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) is being detained by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC)… In "Top Stories" By Idris Abdulrahman Abuja - Former Governor of Zamfara, Abdulaziz Yari, has described a report submitted by a five-man committee of the All Progressives Congress (APC) alleging anti-party activities against him as baseless, contemptuous and embarrassing.Yari, through his Media Aide, Ibrahim Dosara, on Wednesday said the committee’s claims and the… In "News"