Lagos Commissioner of Police, Hakeem Odumosu, has declared that no protest will be allowed to hold at the Lekki Tollgate on Saturday, February 13.  On Tuesday, February 9, some Nigerians using the hashtag #OccupyLekkiTollgate announced plans to stage fresh protests over plans to reopen the tollgate. The protest was in response to the Lagos Judicial Panel of Inquiry, which last Saturday gave permission to the Lekki Concession Company (LCC) to take over the tollgates that have been shut since October 2020 after the shooting incident that reportedly left some EndSARS protesters dead and injured. While the #OccupyLekkiTollgate proponents were making plans for their protests, another group using the hashtag #DefendLagos announced plans to hold a counter-protest at the same Lekki tollgate. Odumosu told reporters neither of the two groups would be allowed to hold any protest come Saturday, February 13. “Allowing both groups to carry out their planned protests will be counter-productive. No protest in any guise will be allowed to take place on Saturday 13th February 2021,”he declared. Source Mr Gboyega Akosile, the Chief Press Secretary to Governor Sanwo Olu has reacted to the planned protest against the reopening of the Lekki tollgate on Saturday, February 13, 2020. Some Nigerian youths have threatened to carry out a protest at the Lekki tollgate over plans by the Lagos state government… In "News" The President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), on Thursday, berated people he called subversive elements whom he alleged were bent on using #EndSARS protesters to cause chaos and truncate the country’s democracy.   Buhari, who said this in a national broadcast, begged youths calling for the disbanding of the Special… In "Politics" The global rights group, Amnesty International, has collated and released a timeline of the killing of #EndSARS protesters by soldiers at the Lekki tollgate, Lagos on October 20.   The AI said its crisis response experts investigated and verified social media videos and photographs that confirmed the security forces were… In "News"