Daily Independent reported that the abductors have demanded N500 million as ransom for the Chinese workers. Suspected herdsmen on Tuesday killed a police officer and kidnapped three Chinese miners in Afewara, the hometown of Pastor Enoch Adeboye in Osun. Peoples Gazette learnt in combat to abduct the Chinese, the criminals disarmed and killed one of the security officers in the community in Atakunmosa East Local Government Area. They subsequently seized three Chinese miners reportedly on the employment of Aare Gold. It was unclear to the Gazette if other security personnel were injured during the attack. Daily Independent reported that the abductors have demanded N500 million as ransom for the Chinese workers. The police in Osun denied knowledge of the incident, with spokeswoman Yemisi Opalolo telling the Gazette on Wednesday that she was trying to confirm it. Following the attack, locals said the Chinese in the community have threatened to pull out of ijesaland, accusing local vigilantes paid to ensure their safety of incompetence. The attack comes as tensions continue to rage across the Southwest over repeated attacks linked to herdsmen. The violence has also fueled anti-Fulani stereotypes in the region. Daily Independent By John Gabriel Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Abductors of a Kaduna-based medical doctor’s wife and his two children in Juji community, Kaduna, penultimate week, demanded N20 million from the husband after they killed his wife. The N20m demanded, according to a source from the Juji community where the kidnap took… In "Top Stories" ONITSHA (Sundiata Post) - Human rights group, the International Society for Civil Liberties and the Rule of Law (Intersociety) has said 100 Christians were killed in April 2019 while between 750 and 800 Christians lost their lives in the first four months of 2019 in  attacks carried out by herdsmen. … In "Top Stories" Lagos -  The family of the abducted monarch of Iba town, Ojo Local Government Area, Lagos, Yushau Oseni, say the kidnappers have contacted them demanding N500 million as ransom for his release. One of the king’s daughters and former Chairperson, Yushau Oseni, Mrs Ramota Oseni,‎ said the abductors had contacted… In "Top Stories"