Media personality, host and actress, Nancy Isime has disclosed how she attempted suicide and fell into depression after she lost her mother at a tender age.  The 29-year-old stated this in an interview published by BBC Pidgin on Wednesday. She said she started working at the age of 17. “I lost my mum at five. I didn’t really have a smooth childhood. I suffered from depression and attempted my first suicide in childhood. It was actually the only but I was able to go through all that and I’m still here today. “Some people had time to grow through life but I had to mature in time. Losing your mum at the age of five, you’re exposed to a lot of things you’re not supposed to experience. I started working at the age of 17,” she said. Nancy also spoke on how she got her signature hair. “As weirdly as it sounds, one day my hair was itching me and I fixed so the heat was much and right there and then I decided to loose the hair. ” When I was small my father cut my hair almost throughout my childhood and I hated it, I felt I was an ugly child, so I never thought the hair will be my style,” she said. A post shared by BBC News Pidgin (@bbcnewspidgin) A Nigerian girl identified as Adeleke Rachel Tioluwani has reportedly committed suicide after she wrote post about depression on social media. According to her friends who took to social media to mourn her demise, Adeleke Rachel Tioluwani as facing lots of challenges which pushed her into depression and suicide. Tayo… In "News" Young Nollywood star, Regina Daniels, is enjoying all the glitz associated with befriending billionaire businessman and politician Ned Nwoko. The last few days saw Regina making numerous public appearances with Nwoko. The secret marriage of the love birds is no longer looking like one of the tales from Nollywood, writes Ferdinand… In "Metro" Nollywood actress, Dakore Egbuson-Akande has shared her experience after she battled with postnatal depression. She also spoke about her battle for her mental health and the road to recovery on the new episode of #WithChude. Speaking on how her seemingly perfect life and recent transition to motherhood deteriorated into postpartum… In "Entertainment"