A chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Abia State, Ikechi Emenike, has called for cooperation by party members to ensure a successful membership revalidation and registration.  Emenike addressed reporters on Wednesday when the APC registration committee visited him at his Okpuala Umukabia country home in Umuahia North Local Government Area. He was the first to revalidate his membership of the party. The party chief reminded members that ‘it’s in our interest’ to cooperate with the regstration team from the national headquarters, led by Bala Mairiga, to ensure massive mobilisation and registration of people in APC. He urged stakeholders to put aside their differences, work for the party’s interest and change the false narrative that the party is not popular in Abia. According to him, the best thing anyone who loves APC and has its interest at heart should do is to assist the registration committee to register en-mass, thereby pushing Abia into the mainstream of APC and national politics. Mairiga urged party stakeholders in Abia to form a formidable force that ‘will attack and liquidate’ the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in 2023. According to him, without massive membership registration, the party cannot make a headway and rise above its present status of opposition party. Source A chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Abia State, Ikechi Emenike, has called for cooperation by party members to ensure a successful membership revalidation and registration. Emenike addressed reporters on Wednesday when the APC registration committee visited him at his Okpuala Umukabia country home in Umuahia North Local… In "Politics" By Wandoo Sombo Abuja - The Federal High Court, Abuja, on Friday affirmed Mr Uche Ogah as the All Progressives Congress(APC)  governorship candidate in Abia for the  March 2 elections . Justice Anwuli Chikere made the declaration in his judgment on  a suit filed by Ogah challenging the substitution of his name… In "Politics" By Leo Okachie   Umuahia,   -     Some members of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Abia have raised concern over the omission of the names of prominent stakeholders, including Chief Orji Uzor Kalu, from the approved party register for Sunday’s governorship primaries in the state. The Chairman of the party,… In "Politics"