The Federal Government has engaged 5000 independent monitors to verify disbursement running into billions of Naira made to Nigerians under the National Social Investment Programme (NSIP).  Out of this number, 195 monitors were selected from Lagos. The monitors have begun a two week training programme. NSIP created by President Muhammadu Buhari in 2016 with the mandate of lifting citizens out of poverty warehouses a number of social interventions which include the job creation programme – NPower, National Home Grown School Feeding Programme (NHGSFP), Conditional Cash Transfer Programme (CCT) and the Government Enterprise and Empowerment Programme (GEEP). Tradermoni, Marketmoni, Farmermoni, special grant transfer, public workfare and skills for jobs are all under these programmes. Also, a Unified National Social Register is to be inaugurated that will provide a database of all government intervention programmes, including the list of beneficiaries nationwide. The Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Sadiya Umar Farouk said in Lagos Thursday, that 5000 independent monitors have been assigned to monitor programme beneficiaries within their schools, households and market clusters with the focus of ensuring that the primary objectives of the programmes were achieved. Speaking through the Assistant Director, Research and Statistics, Mrs. Jumai Ali, the Minister said the scope of the programmes was large with 13 million citizens across the 36 states and the Federal Capital Territory(FCT) benefiting from the Federal Government intervention. She also announced that the government will be working with the Economic and Financial Crime Commission (EFFC), Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Commission (ICPC) and security agencies to check monitors who may want to engage in mal practices. In her address during the ceremony to onboard independent monitors for (NSIP), the Lagos Commissioner for Wealth Creation and Employment,Mrs Yetunde Arobieke said Tradermoni, Marketmoni, Farmermoni, NPower, conditional cash transfer, home grown schools feeding, special grant transfer, public workfare and skills for jobs, youth employment and social support operation and now rural women cash grant, have had remarkable impact, and improved the living conditions of rural women and taken more people out of poverty. To address unemployment, Mrs Arobieke said the government established the Lagos State Employment Trust Fund (LSETF). The Commissioner, who is also the State Focus Person for NSIP said residents have benefited from cash support and relief materials.  Source Abuja - The Federal Government said it has received over 3 million applications from prospective N-power enrollees, in seven days across the country. Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Sadiya Umar Farouq, in a statement, also announced the transitioning of Independent Monitors recruited to monitor Batch A… In "News" …Lawmakers action to put $500M World Bank support for Conditional Cash Transfer in jeopardy Mrs Maryam Uwais, Special Adviser to the President on Social Investments, PHOTO: NAN The presidency has claimed that the inability of certain members of the National Assembly to include their personally selected candidates to be beneficiaries… In "Relationship" The Special Adviser to the President on Social Investments, Maryam Uwais, has dismissed allegations by the leadership of the National Assembly against the National Social Investment Programmes (NSIPs), which she headed from 2015-2019, as untrue. Senate President Ahmad Lawan and Speaker Femi Gbajabiamila had dismissed the programme as a failure.… In "News"