Akure – The National Association of Nigeria Nurses and Midwives (NANNM), Ondo State Chapter yesterday directed its members to embark on a three-day warning strike from Monday, March 1 over the percentage payment of their salaries by the state government. The association gave the directive in a letter dated Feb. 26 signed by its State Secretary, Mr. Aina Oluwasegun, and addressed to members of the State Executive Council (SEC). Olusegun said NANNM directed that the strike should commence from 12 a.m. on Monday, March 1 to March 3 at first instance, following the expiration of a seven-day ultimatum given to the government. He said that the decision was taken sequel to the meeting the SEC, NANNM held on Feb. 16, which resolved that state government should pay 100 percent salary of January 2017, December 2020, January 2021, 20 percent balance of December 2016 and 50 percent November 2020. According to him, the union at the meeting also demanded an immediate commencement of New Salary Adjustment for local government nurses within seven working days. “Following the expiration of the seven working days ultimatum without a response from the government, you are directed to proceed on three days warning strike from 12 a.m. on Monday, March 1 to March 3 at first instance,” he said. “The association also lamented the shortage of nurses in all government’s hospitals, obsolete nursing tools to work with, which are leading to brain drain in nursing service of the hospital management board,” he said. Medical doctors in the state had earlier embarked on an indefinite strike over percentage salaries payment. The Nation Members of the National Association of Nigeria Nurses and Midwives in Ondo State, on Tuesday, went wild during a meeting of the State Executive Council meeting. The meeting was to discuss issues of the attack on three Nurses at the Federal Medical Centre, Owo, the 50 percent half salary paid… In "Health" By Martha Agas   Jos  - The National Association of Nigerian Nurses and Midwives (NANNM), Jos University Teaching Hospital (JUTH) chapter, has pleaded with patients for understanding over its nationwide strike. The chairman of NANNM in JUTH, Mrs Mercy Lenka, made the plea in an interview with the News Agency… In "Health" By Felicia Imohimi Abuja   -    The Joint Health Sector Union (JOHESU) says it has commenced nationwide indefinite strike in earnest. Mr Obisesan Oluwatuyi, General Secretary of the Nigerian Union of Allied Health Professionals (NUAHP) disclosed this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Wednesday in Abuja.… In "News"