A former Aviation Minister Femi Fani-Kayode has explained why he had closed-door discussions with some leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC). The Nation had reported how Fani-Kayode met with the Chairman of APC Caretaker/Extra-Ordinary Convention Planning Committee (CECPC) and Yobe State Governor Mai Mala Buni as well as Kogi State Governor Yahaya Bello at Buni’s guest house in Abuja. In a post on Tuesday on his official Facebook page, the former minister wrote: “Yesterday (Monday) afternoon, I had the distinct honor and pleasure of having a very productive and important meeting with the National Chairman of the APC, Governor Mai Buni of Yobe State and Governor Yahaya Bello of Kogi State. “We discussed the state of the nation, pressing national issues, party politics and the way forward. These meetings are wide-ranging and ongoing and I am delighted to be involved in them. “Despite the obvious benefits and wisdom in this noble initiative, it amazes me that some people should feel that it is wrong for me to sit with other leaders in the country to discuss issues which touch and concern the national cohesion, future and stability of our country.” Also, Director General of the Progressive Governors’ Forum (PGF), Salihu Moh. Lukman, has warned that admitting former Aviation Minister Femi Fani-Kayode to the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) will amount to rewarding him for all his misdemeanour against the party and its leadership. Lukman also said it would be counterproductive to the current registration and revalidation drive of the party. The PGF director general was reacting on Tuesday to the closed-door meeting between Fani-Kayode and Yobe State Governor Mai Mala Buni and his Kogi State counterpart, Alhaji Yahaya Bello, at the Yobe governor’s Abuja guest house. In a statement, titled: “APC: Reminder about our values,” Lukman noted that said President Muhammadu Buhari would not be favourably disposed to such a move. The Nation Former Aviation Minister Femi Fani-Kayode has explained why he had closed-door discussions with some leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC). The Nation had exclusively reported how Fani-Kayode met with the Chairman of APC Caretaker/Extra-Ordinary Convention Planning Committee (CECPC) and Yobe State Governor Mai Mala Buni as well as… In "Politics" •Chief Femi Fani-Kayode ABUJA - A former Minister of Aviation, Chief Femi Fani-Kayode may be on his way back to the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) six years after he left for the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), The Nation reports. Sources close to him said he met with chairman, Caretaker/Extra-Ordinary… In "Politics" Less than 24 hours after the meeting of former Minister of Aviation, Chief Femi Fani-Kayode, with some leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) became public, strong opposition has emerged against his possible return to the party. Director General of the Progressive Governors’ Forum (PGF) Salihu Lukman on Tuesday… In "Politics"