By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  The Senate on Tuesday received a formal request from President Muhammadu Buhari seeking the confirmation of appointment of Abdulrasheed Bawa as Chairman of the Economic Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC). The letter which was addressed to the Senate President, Ahmad Lawan, was read during the start of plenary. According to President Buhari, the request to screen and confirm Bawa’s appointment as Substantive Chairman of the Commission was “in accordance with paragraph 2 subsection 2 of Part 1 CAP E1 of the EFCC Act 2004.” Bawa, aged 40, who holds a B.Sc degree in Economics, and Masters in International Affairs and Diplomacy, is presently the Head of Operations of the Commission’s Lagos office. After his confirmation by the Senate, Bawa is expected to take over from Mohammed Umar Abba, who was appointed as Acting Chairman by President Buhari last year, following the suspension of the immediate past Chairman of the EFCC, Ibrahim Magu. The Senate President, Ahmad Lawan, immediately after reading the President’s request, said that the screening of Abdulrasheed Bawa as substantive Chairman of the Anti-graft agency will be carried out during plenary in line with the tradition of the Upper Chamber. “The screening of the Chairman-designate of the EFCC will be done in plenary, in keeping with our tradition here,” he said. •Abdulrasheed Bawa ABUJA - President Muhammadu Buhari has sent a letter to the Senate nominating Abdulrasheed Bawa as substantive chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC). Buhari's nomination was contained in a letter to the President of the Senate, Dr Ahmad Lawan, requesting the Upper Chamber of the… In "Top Stories" Abuja -  The Presidency on Thursday, requested the Senate to confirm Mr Ibrahim Magu as Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC). A letter to that effect, read at plenary by President of the Senate, Dr Bukola Saraki, also sought the confirmation of Messrs Nasule Moses, Lawan Mamman,… In "News" By Naomi Sharang Abuja -   The Senate has confirmed the appointment of former Inspector-General of Police, Alhaji Musiliu Smith as the Chairman of the Police Service Commission (PSC). It also confirmed six others as members of the commission. Confirmation of their appointments followed the consideration of the report of… In "Metro"