Popular Yoruba rights activist, Sunday Adeyemo, aka Sunday Igboho on Monday declared war on killer herdsmen during a visit to some parts of Ogun. Igboho had a brief stopover in Abeokuta around 4pm where he interacted with supporters. He proceeded to Ketuland where some soldiers allegedly connived with herdsmen to flog farmers for not permitting them to graze their cattle in Yewa-North Local Government Area. In Abeokuta, the activist said: “I observe there is an injustice from the herdsmen because they know the power that they have in the Federal Government. “So, they behave as if Yoruba people are nobody. They kill our people, they kidnap our people, and they rape our women.” “Any herdsman who engages in kidnapping would be flushed out.” He declared he would not limit his activism to Igangan, saying “Not only Igangan, we are going to visit all Yorubaland and ensure there is peace everywhere.” The activist lauded Governor Dapo Abiodun for allowing him in the state. Special Adviser on Public Communications to Abiodun, Remmy Hazzan, had said Igboho was free to come to the state for consultation. Appreciating the gesture, the activist said: “We have not visited the Governor, we will do that after we have flushed the Fulani herdsmen out of the state. “I am going to Yewa because that is where the Fulani are wreaking havoc.” The Nation Chief Sunday Adeyemo, the activist who is popularly known as Sunday Igboho, has spoken on why he gave a quit order to killer herdsmen in the Ibarapa area of Oke Ogun, Oyo State, in this interview with a popular broadcaster, Kola Olootu. WALE OYEWALE, who monitored the interview online, brings… In "News" Violence erupted in Igangan in the Ibarapa North Local Government Area of Oyo State on Friday when a popular Yoruba activist, Chief Sunday Adeyemo, also known as Sunday Igboho, reportedly stormed the Fulani settlement in the town to eject the Seriki Fulani, Salihu Abdukadir, and some other herdsmen accused of… In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State has ordered the Police to arrest Sunday Igboho and others causing tension in the state. On Friday, Igboho went to Igangan to restate his ultimatum to Fulanis to leave. Igangan is a community in Ibarapa North Local Government Area. The… In "Top Stories"