ABUJA (Sundiata Post) – Six soldiers were on Monday, 25 January 2021 executed in Abacha Barracks, Abuja.A coalition of rights activists and scholars made this known in an executive summary of a full report sent to Sundiata Post on Tuesday, 2 February 2021 (today). The group said the execution of the six soldiers, all Igbos, followed their secret trial and conviction by a court martial in Abuja. The execution of the soldiers was one of the last actions taken under the now retired Chief of Army Staff, Lt. -Gen. Tukur Buratai. The full statement reads: “We have received with rude shock and deepest dismay the Monday, 25th Jan 2021 secret execution of six Igbo Christian soldiers, attached to the Armory Department of the Nigerian Army, Abacha Barracks in Abuja. The slain Igbo Christian soldiers; namely: Prince Ukwuoma, son of a traditional ruler; Ebube Isaiah, Amos Azubuike, Ekene Ebere, Moses Anyim and Godwin Uchendu were secretly executed under the instruction of now Retired Lt Gen Tukur Yusuf Buratai, a day before he left office on Tuesday, 26th Jan 2021.“This shocking news was disclosed to us by Barr E.R. Okoroafor, an int’l human rights lawyer, who is very conversant with the matter and was also contacted by one of the slain soldiers through his family to defend them in the trumped up charges, executed using hazy and clandestine Military Court Martial. “According to the international rights lawyer, ‘sometime in Sept 2020, an allegation of missing weapons was made at Abacha Barracks and it was immediately traced to a senior Colonel of Fulani-Hausa Muslim origin and instead of the COAS to issue query and sanction the Colonel, he exonerated him on the grounds of his tribe and religion. The COAS turned around and ordered for the arrest of 12 soldiers guarding the armory, comprising six Igbo soldiers, three Yoruba soldiers and three Fulani-Hausa Muslim soldiers. In the end, the latter soldiers were shielded and exonerated under questionable circumstances and the six Igbo soldiers made to face secret court martial during which they were blocked and prevented from having access to their families and defense lawyers of their choice’. “Barr E.R. Okoroafor also told the Coalition that his attempts to stand in for the Igbo soldiers were stiffly opposed and he was flimsily told by the Army’s Legal Department that ‘civilian lawyers are not allowed to defend the accused soldiers except military lawyers’.“Their trial was totally shrouded in secrecy and never disclosed to the public through Army statements till date; likewise their constitutional right of appeal to Court of Appeal and Supreme Court which was also totally denied. The persecuted and executed soldiers protested their innocence to the point of tendering their resignation in protest; all to no avail. “Apart from their secret execution being totally despicable and condemnable and a clear case of ethnic cleansing, the Coalition also strongly suspects that the six Igbo soldiers were framed or singled out for persecution on the grounds of their ethnicity and religion. It is also doubtful whether the offense of ‘missing weapons’ in peace time is commensurable with death sentence in the Nigerian Military laws, all subject to the provisions of the 1999 Constitution as amended.“Another shocking part was where the immediate past Army Chief derived his power to order for secret execution of ‘justly’ and ‘unjustly’ convicted soldiers. This is more so when there is a national moratorium on death penalty in Nigeria.“The Coalition therefore notes further that dozens, if not hundreds of Igbo soldiers have in recent times particularly since 2017/8 died under similar circumstances both in battle fronts and ‘peace time’. Additionally, there have been several reported and unreported cases of dismissals, resignations and desertions involving soldiers and officers of old Eastern Nigeria extraction on account of the ethnic cleansing under Buratai as Nigerian Army Chief.” Signatories: •Emeka Umeagbalasi – Board Chair, Int’l Society for Civil Liberties & Rule of Law •Prof Anthony Ejiofor – Chairman, World Igbo Congress (USA) •Prof Uzodimma Nwala – President, Ala-Igbo Dev Foundation (ADF) •Prof Justice Chidi-President, Concerned Elites for Better Society Initiative •Prof Justin Akujieze-President, Ekwenche Research Institute (USA) •Dr. Moses Nwaigwe-President, Biafra Genocide Survivors Group (USA) •Austin Okeke, Esq.-Global Leader, Igbo Board of Deputies (UK) •Kanayo K. Odeluga, MD., MPH-Executive Director, Igbo League, Inc.(USA) •Mercy Alu, MBA, PhD-Executive Coordinator, the Int’l Association of African Authors & Scholars (USA) •Dr. Onyenkachi Orjiako, Esq.- Rep, Int’l  Society for War Against Lawlessness (USA) •Dr. Okezie Kelechi – ED, Neighborhood Environment Watch Foundation •Dr. Jerry Chidozie Chukwuokoro – Rep, Int’l Solidarity for Peace & Human Rights Initiative •Comrades Chilos Godsent & Zulu Ofoelue-Reps, Igbo National Council •Ezekwike Chekwube Violet, Esq.-Founder, New Home Mentoring & Dev Initiative •Comrade Aloysius Attah-Chair, Civil Liberties Organization, Southeast •Maazi Tochukwu Ezeoke, President, Igbo Ekunie Initiative •Comrade Justine Ijeomav- ED, Human Rights Social Dev & Environmental Foundation •Comrade Vincent Ezekwueme – Chair, Civil Liberties Organization, Anambra State •Comrade Peter Onyegiriv- ED, Center for Human Rights & Peace Advocacy •Comrade Alex Olisa-Rep, Southeast Good Governance Forum •Comrade Nnana Nelson Nwafor, ED, Foundation for Environment Rights Advocacy & Dev. •Comrade Nkwocha Anozie, ED, Initiative for Ideal Dev & Emancipatory Leadership •Comrade Emeku Uche – Rep, Easy-life Initiative for Rural Youths •Comrade Samuel Njoku-Chair, Human Rights Organization of Nigeria •Comrade Ngwobia O. Ngwobia -vRep Primate Salvation Initiative •Lt-Gen Tukur Buratai, Chief of Army Staff ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - An Abuja chief magistrate court has ordered the release of 29 out of first batch of 30 Oyigbo (also called Obigbo), Rivers State residents allegedly detained by the Nigerian Army in Abuja following the recent #EndSARS protest in the… In "Top Stories" •The 30 freed Obigbo Army abductees taken this morning, 16th Jan 2021 after they were freed late evening of yesterday, 15th Jan 2021 from Army dungeons in Abuja and Niger State ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - Human rights group, the International Society for Civil Liberties and the Rule of Law (Intersociety),… In "Top Stories" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The Nigerian Army on Friday paraded one Prince Onyemauche who has been impersonating an army Colonel to carry out his nefarious activities. This is coming barely three days after the Nigerian Navy declared an impostor, “Captain Olugboyega Olubiyi Ayokunle” , who collected bribe from unsuspecting members… In "Top Stories"