Operatives of the Lagos Police Command have arrested eight suspected traffic robbers in Ketu. The suspects, Olawuyi Olayinka, 27, Mayowa Adeleke, 17, Fa’izu Ado, 25, Segun Oluwatoyin, 27, Haruna Shuaibu, 29, Amos Abayomi, 24, Monday Obayemi, 25 and Okunlola Olawale, 21, were apprehended between Thursday night and Friday morning. According to the command, substances suspected to be cocaine were found in their possession. Spokesman Olumuyiwa Adejobi said in a statement yesterday that five of the suspects were arrested around 10:30 pm on Thursday, while the other three were caught while robbing people around 6 am Friday morning. In his confessional statement to the police, Abayomi who was found with a cutlass said he used it to rob victims, adding that he worked with a syndicate of other hoodlums. He narrated how motor boys at Ajelogo Park in Ketu usually blocked the expressway with their trucks in order to create artificial traffic for robbers to operate. The suspect, who fleeced a young woman of her mobile phone that morning, said he gave his loot to one Akube before his arrest. “Abayomi, an Eiye cult member, also confessed that Monday Obayemi, who was equally arrested with the assorted hard drug, robs and sells hard drugs in traffic to the suspects and other criminals daily. “Items recovered from the suspects are weapons, assorted charms, mobile phones, wraps of substances suspected to be cocaine and other hard drugs. “The Commissioner of Police, Lagos State, CP Hakeem Odumosu, has directed that the suspects be transferred to the State Criminal Investigation Department, Panti, Yaba for discreet Investigation and prosecution, as the command will not leave any stone unturned in getting the state rid of criminals and hoodlums,” Adejobi said. The Nation By Moses Omorogieva Lagos - The police in Lagos have arrested two suspected ‘one-chance’ robbers who attempted to rob a lady of valuables. The spokesman for the Lagos State Police Command, SP Chike Oti, who confirmed the arrest to newsmen on Monday, said the attempted robbery took place at 7.30a.m.… In "Metro" By Stanley Nwanosike Enugu - The Enugu Police Command, on Friday paraded 12 suspects for alleged armed robbery at various locations within two weeks in the state. Briefing newsmen at the Police Headquarters, Enugu, while parading the suspects, the state’s Commissioner of Police, Mr Balarabe Suleiman, said the suspects were… In "Metro" By Maureen Ojinaka Enugu -  The Police Command in Enugu State has arrested two suspected armed robbers and also cult members in Oji River axis of the state. The command’s Spokesman, SP Ebere Amaraizu, said in a statement in Enugu on Friday that the two suspects were arrested on July… In "Metro"