Five Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) were reportedly slaughtered to death by members of Boko Haram Insurgents in Damboa Local Government Area of Borno state.  It was gathered that the insurgents attacked the IDPs when they went in search of firewood outside Damboa town on Thursday, February 18. A vigilante, Abu Damboa, who confirmed the incident to Daily Trust, said eight IDPs were declared missing when they didn’t return. He and his colleagues then embarked on a search-and-rescue operation. “We got the report to that some IDPs were missing. So, we swang into action but later found five of them beheaded two kilometres away from the scene where they were falling trees. It was disheartening to see fellow human beings slaughtered like animals, they were all displaced persons, “Abu said. Humanitarian sources said that the victims have been buried according to Islamic rites. “Information received was that eight IDPs who went in search of firewood outside Damboa town some 6-8kms were abducted. Five dead bodies out of the eight missing IDPs were recovered this morning,” a humanitarian source revealed. Meanwhile, the chairman of Damboa Local Govt, Prof. A G Alooma, his vice, Ali M Kauji and their councillors on Friday, paid a condolence visit to the families of the victims. After praying for the victims, Prof delivered foodstuffs and cash for the three days prayers. IDP MAIDUGURI - Parents in Borno on Monday appealed to the State Government to re-open Public Secondary Schools shut down in March 2014, following suspected Boko Haram attacks in schools in neighbouring Yobe. A cross section of parents who spoke with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Maiduguri expressed concern… In "News" The various camps established for Internally Displaced Persons in Kaduna, Kano and Zamfara States, have been closed down following the reunion of the inmates with their families.   The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that more than 2,000 IDPs affected by Boko Haram insurgency in the North-East, were in… In "News" Boko Haram terrorists have reportedly attacked Kukawa Local Government, a town in Northern Borno State. According to sources, a military base was targeted during the attack and an unspecified number of civilians may have been abducted. The attack which occurred on Tuesday comes barely a week after the first set… In "Top Stories"