 Bayern Munich forward Thomas Mueller is set to miss out on Thursday’s Club World Cup final in Doha after testing positive for the coronavirus on Wednesday, according to German media reports.   According to Sky Sports Germany and Bild newspaper, World Cup winner Mueller tested positive after Bayern’s training session on Wednesday. A positive test would rule the veteran striker out of Thursday’s clash with Mexican CONCACAF champions Tigres in the Qatari capital, in which European champions Bayern are aiming for a historic sixth title in 12 months. Neither Bayern nor tournament organisers FIFA have yet confirmed the positive test. Mueller would be the third Bayern player to contract the coronavirus in recent weeks, after positive tests for Javi Martinez and Leon Goretzka meant they were unable to travel with the rest of the squad to Qatar. His absence would be the latest blow to Bayern’s Club World Cup campaign, after Jerome Boateng returned home to Germany on Wednesday for personal reasons amid reports that his former girlfriend had died. -AFP BERLIN - Bayern Munich said they have no interest in selling Thomas Mueller, despite a reported offer from Manchester United to sign the versatile attacking midfielder. "It is not Thomas who has caused this furore but his performances," Bayern sports director Matthias Sammer was quoted as telling Sport Bild magazine… In "Sports" German champions, Bayern Munich are close to signing former World and European champion, Xabi Alonso from Champions League winners, Real Madrid, they said on Thursday. The 32-year-old midfielder, who on Wednesday announced his retirement from international soccer after a stellar 11 years with Spain that saw him win one World… In "Sports" BERLIN  -   Barcelona appear to be peaking for the return of their former coach Pep Guardiola with Bayern Munich to the Nou Camp in in an intriguing Champions League semi-final on Wednesday. The Spanish league leaders have all players on board and are scoring freely with their deadly trio of Lionel… In "Sports"