My heart is very heavy. I’m saddened and devastated. My soul is sorely troubled at this time. For decades before the advent of this administration, Nigerians have risked their lives, liberties, their times and their energies, their resources, to win back this country on the side of democracy and good government, from military dictatorship. Some have paid the supreme price with their lives. I have been monitoring events at the Lekki Toll Gate since morning, and I am totally overwhelmed with the images, videos and sundry evidence of police brutality of armless civilians, who ventured to protest at the Toll Gate. In one particular video, I saw citizens of Nigeria being dehumanized, striped half naked and cramped together in a rickety bus. This is totally unacceptable. While we are yet to come to terms with the events of October 20, 2020, it becomes worrisome that the security agencies have not learnt any positive lesson from those occurrences. I commend the protesters for their peaceful conduct. I cannot in good conscience continue to sit at any Panel of Inquiry to heal wounds and end police brutality, when fresh assaults are being perpetrated with impunity. Consequently, I am presently consulting with my constituency within the civil society, as to my continued participation in the EndSARS Judicial Panel. I hereby demand the immediate release of all those arrested in connection with the peaceful protest at the Lekki Toll Gate today. On no account should anything happen to any of them while in the custody of the police. I appeal for calm on all sides, in order not to escalate the worsening security situation across the land. I cannot fail to point out the fact that the present administration of President Muhammadu Buhari is a product of protest and civil disobedience. Let history vindicate the just. Aluta Continua, Victoria Ascerta! Ebun-Olu Adegboruwa, SANLekki, Lagos. Source International human rights organisation, Amnesty International, has released a new timeline investigating the shooting of #EndSARS protesters at the Lekki Toll Plaza one week after, and called on the Nigerian authorities to put an end to their attempts at a cover up.   The timeline published on Wednesday detailed how… In "News" LAGOS (Press Release) - National leader of APC, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, on Sunday, finally reacted to speculations concerning his role in the now suspended #EndSARS protest and the alleged shooting at Lekki Toll Gate on 20 October 2020. He denied ownership of the Lekki Toll Gate and said he didn't… In "Top Stories" The global rights group, Amnesty International, has collated and released a timeline of the killing of #EndSARS protesters by soldiers at the Lekki tollgate, Lagos on October 20.   The AI said its crisis response experts investigated and verified social media videos and photographs that confirmed the security forces were… In "News"