Kunle Remi, a popular Nigerian actor, has talked about how COVID-19 affected him.  The actor revealed that the COVID-19 pandemic has changed his life positively.  In an exclusive chat with The Punch, the actor noted that the pandemic has had a devastating effect on people and world economies but he was able to discover a part of himself during the lockdown period. He said, “COVID-19 changed my life because I had more time to look at myself, reflect and connect with what I carry; to connect with the entertainment side of me. Before the COVID-19 pandemic, I was always up and down filming. But all of a sudden I was stripped of all of that. I had to ask myself what else I could offer. During the lockdown, I realized that all I had was my phone, television and the few people around me that we were being isolated together. I just felt the need to entertain people and exercise my skills as an actor. I did not miss being on set because I enjoyed myself at home. “COVID-19 pandemic changed my life positively. It is absolutely a blessing to me. May the souls of the people lost to the coronavirus rest in peace but this period has been a blessing to me. I joined TikTok during the lockdown period to showcase my skills as an actor. I had a platform and the time to connect with the entertainment part of me and before I knew it, people crowned me king of TikTok in Nigeria. I was just doing it for fun and I was enjoying myself.” Looking back at the beginning of his career, the model turned actor said that he had faced a lot of rejections but he turned them to his sources of motivation. “Taking a look back about how my career started, it was never easy for me, there were a lot of obstacles, rejections, but at the end of the day persistence, discipline and God most importantly helped pave a way to this very point. I am grateful for the rejection that I faced because it motivated me to become the person I am. However, none of the rejections that I got weighed me down, instead, it propelled me to do better and try again.”   Emmanuel “Manny” Asika spent 10 days at the Isolation Centre in the Infectious Diseases Hospital (IDH) in Yaba, Lagos. An IT professional who took precautions early to protect himself and his family against the novel coronavirus, he was shocked to learn that he had tested positive for COVID-19, when his… In "Features" •What an illegal movement in a period of inter-state lockdown In two previous articles (April 27, 2020 and May 8, 2020, (SundiataPost), we discussed some aspects of COVID-19 and politics. In today’s focus, we want to discuss further the negative impact of politics generally and more particularly on the efforts… In "Opinion" Despite her celebrity status, Destiny Etiko is still her humble self. Unlike some other movie stars, she has not allowed fame to go into her head. In this interview, the sexy diva narrates how she started acting from childhood, the role her mother played in making her what she is… In "Entertainment"