Operatives of the Lagos State Police Command attached to Ejigbo division have arrested four suspects that gang-raped a teenager in Ejigbo.  The suspects were apprehended around 10pm following report lodged by mother of the victim, Tawa Abbey. She reported that her daughter (name withheld) was attacked and gang-raped at 33, Alhaji Obe Street, Ejigbo. The Divisional Police Officer, Ejigbo division, mobilised his men to the scene where four of the boys were arrested. The suspects are Jimoh Kamoru (16), Lukman Basita (16), Aleshinloye Sunday (16), and Ifeoluwa Alabi (16). Some items were recovered from them including cutlasses and substances suspected to be Indian hemp. The Commissioner of Police, Lagos State, CP Hakeem Odumosu, has ordered the Divisional Police Officer to go after the fleeing members of the group and intensify efforts in getting Ejigbo area rid of bad boys who are fond of attacking and gang raping innocent ladies and causing pains to them. CP Hakeem Odumosu, reiterated the command’s zeal to work with other governmental agencies and interest groups in fighting against all sorts of social vices particularly rape, defilement and domestic violence. The CP also directed that the matter be transferred to the Gender Unit of the State Criminal Investigation Department, Panti, Yaba for discreet investigation and prosecution, while he assured the general public of justice in the case.  Source By Mateen Badru Lagos - The Lagos State Police Command has arrested a land grabber, Ojo Adesola, with four locally made rifles and 38 rounds of live cartridges at Alagbado area of Lagos. The Lagos State Police Command’s Spokesperson, DSP Bala Elkana, said in a statement that the suspect was… In "Metro" The Commissioner of Police, Lagos State Command, CP Hakeem Odumosu, today paid a condolence visit on parents of 11-year-old Favour Ikechukwu, who was gang-raped to death in Ejigbo area of Lagos, last Wednesday, with a vow to arrest the fleeing perpetrators.   As first step to getting justice for the… In "News" By Deji Lambo and Oluwatosin Omojuyigbe LAGOS - A teenager, Elikor Ehud, has been arrested for breaking offering boxes belonging to a church, the Divine Chosen Vine Ministry, and stealing the sum of N670,000 from them. The incident happened on Furniture Avenue in the Ejigbo area of Lagos State. The… In "Metro"