According to Twitter, the immediate past US President Donald Trump will be banned forever even if he runs again for Presidency.  The company’s chief financial officer said in the wake of its results that the ban is permanent, whatever he does.  “If you are removed from the platform, you are removed from the platform,” Ned Segal told CNBC’s Squawk Box. Twitter had previously said that Mr Trump was exempt from its rules because of his status as a newsworthy figure and a holder of public office. But the comments suggest that he would not be able to come back to the site even if those things became true of him again. As part of the same results, Twitter chief executive Jack Dorsey said that the ban of Mr Trump had not made any significant change to the company’s growth. “We’re a platform that is obviously much larger than any one topic or any one account,” he told investors, apparently in reference to the ban. He also said that 80 per cent of the site’s users were outside the US and that the site is “not just dependent upon just news and politics being what drives Twitter”. Twitter banned Mr Trump in the wake of the violence at the Capitol last month. While it said then that the ban was permanent, there have been questions over whether any possible bid for power by Mr Trump – such as a run for president in 2024 – could lead him to be reinstated.  Source Twitter and Facebook suspended Donald Trump on Wednesday over posts accused of inflaming violence in the US Capitol, as social media scrambled to respond to mayhem by supporters buying into his baseless attacks on the integrity of the election. The unprecedented sanctions came after the president took to social media… In "Foreign" Donald Trump Jr.'s Twitter account was restricted after he posted a video of a doctor claiming hydroxychloroquine 'cures' coronavirusHis pokesperson Andrew Surabian posted the notification of the ban, claiming, 'Big Tech is the biggest threat to free expression in America'Trump also retweeted the video and made posts praising hydroxychloroquineDr. Stella… In "Foreign" President Donald Trump appeared to excuse the violent occupation of the U.S. Capitol by his supporters Wednesday, hours after they stormed the symbol of American democracy in an effort to disrupt the formalization of his electoral defeat. Trump, who had encouraged his supporters to march on the Capitol to protest… In "News"