Former Presidential aspirant and activist, Omoyele Sowore has reacted after house of representatives member, Yusuf Gagdi stated that the All Progressives Congress will rule Nigeria for 100 years.  The lawmaker representing Pankshin/Kanke/ Kanam federal constituency on the platform of the APC, said this after revalidating his membership of the APC in Gum-Gagdi in Kanam Local Government Area of Plateau State. Gagdi said APC’s performance over the years would make Nigerians vote for the platform in the 2023 general elections and beyond. Reacting to this, Sowore said the party is dead and the current registration is the post mortem. The media personality who noted that pride goes before a fall told the party members to ask opposition party, People’s Democratic Party what happened when they bragged about ruling Nigeria for 60 years while still in power. He Tweeted; “This is what they say when their party is on a freefall! @OfficialAPCNg is dead, their current fake registration exercise is the post mortem, ask @OfficialPDPNig what happened after they bragged they’ll rule for 60yrs! Pride comes before fall #RevolutionNow” By Polycarp Auta Pankshin (Plateau) - Mr Yusuf Gagdi, member representing Pankshin, Kanke and Kanam in the House of Representatives, has unveiled the blueprint for the next four years and beyond. Speaking at the event on Monday in Pankshin, Gagdi, elected on the platform of APC, assured the people of… In "News" Adams Oshiomhole, national chairman of the All Progressives Congress, has broken his silence on the call for revolution which led to the arrest of Omoyele Sowore. Sowore, presidential candidate of the African Action Congress (AAC) during the elections, was on Saturday arrested by the Department of State Services (DSS) for… In "News" By Jude Owuamanam,  Managing Editor,  Northern Operations Jos (Sundiata Post) — The Deputy Speaker of the Plateau State House of Assembly, Yusuf Babayo Gagdi, has been removed from office. Gagdi, who was elected under the People's Democratic Party (PDP)  to represent Kantana Constituency of Plateau State, later defected to the ruling… In "Top Stories"