A photo of a Nigerian man has been made public by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC). The EFCC said the man is wanted for fraud to the tune of $2.2 million. See statement below: The public is hereby notified that YUSUF ADEBOWALE BELLO whose photograph appears above is wanted by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) in a case bordering on Conspiracy and Business Email Compromise to the tune of USD2,200,000.00 (Two Million, Two Hundred Thousand USD) only. Bello, 27 year old, is a native of Ibeju Lekki in Lagos State. His last known address is No 2, Alasopupo Oko-Ewe, Ikorodu, Lagos State. Anybody with useful information as to his whereabouts should please contact the Commission in its Benin, Kaduna, Ibadan, Sokoto, Gombe, Maiduguri, Makurdi, Ilorin, Enugu, Kano, Lagos, Gombe, Port Harcourt and Abuja offices or through these numbers 09-9044751-3, 08093322644, 08183322644, 070-26350721-3, 070-6350724-5; its e-mail address: info@efccnigeria.org or the nearest Police Station and other security agencies. Wilson UwujarenHead, Media & Publicity Source Last week, 77 Nigerians were arrested by the United States Federal Bureau of Intelligence for alleged involvement in business email compromise, romance scam and defrauding American citizens millions of dollars which were allegedly channelled through Nigerian banks. The development has triggered the arrest of some local collaborators while the FBI… In "Security" • EFCC Acting Chairman, Ibrahim Magu ABUJA - After securing the conviction of former Abia State governor, Orji Uzor Kalu, the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has stepped up the investigation of three incumbent governors and eight others who have completed their tenures. The sitting governors under investigation by… In "Top Stories" Williams Michael Ogwezi, a Nigerian man, who is also known as Dr. Williams has been arrested by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC). The man was nabbed for parading himself as a staff of the Commission to defraud his unsuspecting victims. The suspect accused of being a member of… In "News"