Reactions have continued to trail the setting ablaze of Seriki Fulani’s house in Eggua, Yewa North Local Government Area of Ogun State. One person was reportedly burnt to death during the violence after the visit of a Yoruba rights activist, Sunday Adeyemo, aka Sunday Igboho, to Ogun State on Monday.  A viral footage confirmed by our correspondent showed a massive destruction of properties. Igboho visited Ogun to “flush out” killer herdsmen from the state. Igboho made news headlines after he issued an ultimatum to herders in Ibarapa local government area of Oyo state.  His action had sparked tension in the state, leading to the destruction of properties in the area. His house in the Soka area of Ibadan was also torched days after he went to Ibarapa to enforce the quit notice. Ogun Commissioner of Police, Edward Ajogun, was said to have visited the palace of Oniggua of Eggualand, Oba Micheal Dosumu, where he assured the resident of protection of lives and property. The Police have urged aggrieved persons in the area to calm down. The Nation Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Sunday Adeyemo, better known as Sunday Igboho, has described Enitan Ogunwusi, the Ooni of Ife; Bola Tinubu, APC national leader, and Seyi Makinde, Oyo state governor, as Fulani slaves. Igboho also flayed some Yoruba leaders, including traditional rulers, alleging that have not shown enough support for… In "Top Stories" A popular Yoruba activist, Sunday Adeyemo aka Sunday Igboho has offered insights into his strained relationship with Oyo Governor Seyi Makinde. Igboho, last week attacked the Governor in a viral video over an arrest order him after he placed a quit notice to herders in Igangan, Ibarapa North Local Government… In "Features" Yoruba activist, Sunday Igboho has warned that those who razed down his house worth N50 million will run mad within 48 hours. Recall that his house was razed by unknown arsonists who came in two buses, fired gunshots sporadically before setting the house ablaze. This happened just five days after… In "News"