By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Senate has adjourned plenary on Tuesday shortly after resumption in honour of late Honourable Ossy Prestige. Leader of the Senate, Senator Yahaya Abdullahi moved the motion for adjournment after the President of the Senate, Ahmed Lawan read his address of welcome to members. The minority leader, Senator Enyinnaya Abaribe seconded the motion for adjournment of plenary, reminded that the late member is from his state. Late Ossy Prestige was a member of the House of Representatives from Abia State, representing, Aba North/South Federal Constituency. He died after a protracted illness. He was elected on the platform of the All Progressive Grand Alliance (APGA). House spokesperson, Benjamin Kalu, also confirmed the death yesterday. “He has been confirmed dead by a family member,” he said. Another source, who is part of the House leadership, also confirmed that the deceased passed on. “Yes, it is true that he has died. It will be announced during plenary tomorrow and the House would adjourn,” the member who doesn’t want his name mentioned because he was not authorised to speak, said. The late Mr Prestige is the third member of the House that has passed on in the ninth assembly The two others who passed on before him are Jaafaru Illiyasu and Mohammed Faggen-Gawo. The senate adjourned to reconvene tomorrow after observing a minute silence in honour of late Hon Ossy Prestige. The Senate will adjourn plenary today in honour of the late Senator Uche Chukwumerije. The adjournment is in line with the tradition of the Senate. Chukwumerije was the Chairman, Senate Committee on Education, in the current 7th senate, until his death on Sunday at a Turkish Hospital in Abuja. [pro_ad_display_adzone… In "News" Ossy Prestige, a member of the House of Representatives has lost his life. He died on Monday February 8 after a protracted illness. He was 56 years old. Before his death, Prestige served on the house of representatives ad hoc committee on eastern ports. Until his death, Ossy represented the… In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Senate on Tuesday reconvened after adjournment on 26th February for the governorship and state Houses of Assembly elections. Shortly after the opening prayer by the Senate President, Dr Bukola Saraki, the Senate Leader, Senator Ahmed Lawan who came through Order 43, informed the… In "Top Stories"