It was pure chaos that took over the Ubima community, Ikwerre Local Government area of Rivers State, Thursday evening following the alleged killing of a man, Aleruchi Samuel Awuzurike by one, Chibueze Ojiriome, The Nation reports. The victim was reportedly killed over an alleged missing goat. According to sources, trouble started when Awuzurike went to Ojiriome to enquire of his missing goat, which resulted in altercation between the duo. The quarrel degenerated into a fight during which Ojiriome inflicted machete cuts on Awuzurike, leading to his death, hours later. The incident led to a riot in the community, following which the suspect’s house was razed by a mob. Residents were said to have been angered by the fact that Ojiriome had in the past killed one of the goats owned by the deceased. Confirming the incident, police spokesman, Nnamdi Omoni, a Superintendent of Police(SP), who described the killing of Awuzurike as unfortunate, disclosed that his suspected killer had been arrested and that investigations were ongoing. Omoni said, “l can confirm the unfortunate incident of Ubima where one Chibueze Ojirome 23 years old, without justification gave several machete cuts on one Samuel Awuzuruike which caused his death. “Recall that some days ago the same suspect killed a female goat belonging to the deceased. “This attracted the villagers who resorted to self-help by burning the suspect’s home before the Police arrived. “Meanwhile the suspect has been arrested and corpse deposited in the mortuary while investigation is ongoing. So far normalcy has been restored”. he assured. Source The Police in Ebonyi have arrested a former Ebonyi Commissioner, Donatus Ajah on allegations of murder. Ajah was accused of having a hand in the death of a 46-year-old man, Azubuike Inya. Ajah and the late Mr Inya are from Amankwo village, Nkpoghoro community, in the Afikpo North Local Government… In "News" Residents of Owode Quarters in Ado Ekiti, Ekiti State, were stunned on Wednesday when an apprentice, Peter David, was caught making love to a pregnant goat at an uncompleted building in the neighbourhood. David, who claimed to be an indigene of Benue State, was caught in the act following the… In "News" Barely 48 hours after president Muhammed Buhari reiterated his administration’s victory over incessant killing in the country and the need to regularize the activities of the herdemen in the country, a 65 -year- old -man, Mazi Ozoemena Iriaka, has been killed by herdsmen yesterday, in Umuekpu-Agwa, Oguta Local Government Area… In "News"