The Lagos Police Command has insisted its men will remain at the Lekki toll gate until further notice from the Commissioner Hakeem Odumosu.  Its spokesman Muyiwa Adejobi stated this on Monday.  According to the PPRO, the police officers have laid siege to five locations in the state apart from the Lekki Tollgate. He said they would remain at the locations until further notice. “Our policemen are still at the tollgate, it is a deployment and we are working with an operation order and until there is a stand-down order of the operation from the Commissioner of Police, Hakeem Odumosu, the men will still be there. ‘’We have not arrested anyone today, there was no breakdown of law and order, no gathering or procession, everything is normal in the area. “But we are still maintaining our ground there and we have deployment in about five places aside from the Lekki tollgate and our men are still on standby at these strategic places. ‘’We have police deployment in Unity Park, Gani Fawehinmi Park, Ogombo Junction, Adeniran Ogunsanya Junction, among others,’’ he said. Ahead of the #OccupyLekkiTollGate and #DefendLagos protest scheduled for Saturday, 13 February 2021, Police officers were deployed to the Lekki Tollgate to ensure that no protest held at the toll plaza. The police officers also arrested about 40 protesters at the location on the said date of the protest including popular comedian, Mr. Macaroni.  Source Lagos Commissioner of Police, Hakeem Odumosu, has declared that no protest will be allowed to hold at the Lekki Tollgate on Saturday, February 13. On Tuesday, February 9, some Nigerians using the hashtag #OccupyLekkiTollgate announced plans to stage fresh protests over plans to reopen the tollgate. The protest was in… In "News" The massive armed police officers deployed to man the Lekki Tollgate Plaza has elicited flurry of reactions. The Nation had earlier reported that on Friday night, armed police officers embarked on a show of force across the city, reiterating its call for protesters to stay away from the tollgate. At… In "News" The police in Lagos has said it will deal decisively with any person staging a protest in the state as it said that no protest held at Lekki toll gate today. This is contrary to a viral video of protesters at the toll gate shared on social media on Monday.… In "News"