A heavy downpour accompanied by whirl wind in most parts of Ado-Ekiti, the Ekiti State capital has damaged many buildings and property. The rain, which started at around 8:00pm on Wednesday , came with heavy breeze felling electric poles, trees and blowing off roofs of buildings, including the rooftops of the News Agency of Nigeria and Joint Admission MatriculationBoard’s offices. Also affected was the roof top of the newly renovated Ekiti State Pavilion, a section of the roof of the House of Assembly as well as the roofs of the Seventh day Adventist Church and state- owned All Souls Secondary School. Other worst hit areas are the Bank Road, New Iyin Road, NTA road and Bashiri, all in the state capital, while structures affected include those owned by state government. Many of the places affected were heavily waterlogged with staff using the early hours of Thursday to scoop water from the various offices. When The Nation visited some of the affected offices, staff of the affected government agencies were seen making emergency efforts to put things back to order while heaps of electric wires, poles, building materials littered the roads. The Nation Ado Ekiti - No fewer than 46 houses  and a monarch’s palace  were  destroyed by a rainstorm in Are Ekiti, a town in Ifelodun/Irepodun Local Government Area of Ekiti. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the incident, which followed  three days  of downpour, has thrown the community into… In "News" Palpable fear on Saturday gripped residents of Ado-Ekiti, the Ekiti State capital as explosion suspected to be bomb rocked buildings on the premises of the old governor’s office. The old governor’s office located at Oke Ori-Omi area of the Ado Ekiti metropolis is where the Ministry of local government and… In "News" Ekiti State Governor Kayode Fayemi spoke with reporters in Lagos on the challenges of governance, crisis in the Ekiti All Progressives Congress (APC) and the agitations for restructuring. Deputy Editor EMMANUEL OLADESU was there. What would you consider the gains, challenges, constraints of governing Ekiti State in the last two… In "News"