ABUJA – The Supreme Court today (Friday) dismissed the appeal instituted by Senator Ifeanyi Ararume challenging the judgement of the Appeal Court sitting in Owerri which reinstated Sir Frank Ibezim as the APC candidate for Imo North Senatorial bye-election.  The Court of Appeal had on 4 December 2020 dismissed the judgement of the lower Federal High Court, Owerri which had made consequential orders mandating INEC to replace Ibezim with Ararume as APC candidate.In a unanimous ruling, the Supreme Court panel agreed with the Court of Appeal judgement that the lower court ought not to have made the consequential orders against Sir Frank. The lead and concurrent judgements read by Hon. Justice Mohammed Lawal Garba and Hon. Justice Emmanuel Akomaye Agim concluded that Ibezim being not a party or privy to the matter at high vourt, his fundamental rights to fair hearing were abridged. The apex court stated that the lower court also erred in judgement not to have dismissed the case filed by one Lady Uchenna Ubah as lacking in merit. The Supreme Court five-member panel presided over by Justice Amina Adamu Augie, also had Hon. Justices Uwani Musa Abba Aji and Samuel Chukwudumebi.By the judgement, the Court has effectively reaffirmed Sir Frank Ibezim as the rightful candidate of the APC in the December 5th 2020 senatorial bye-election. The special panel of the Court of Appeal headed by Hon. Justice Uche Onyemenam delivered its judgment today (Friday) in the various appeals challenging the judgment of the Federal High Court, Owerri, that substituted the name of Frank Ibezim with that of Senator Ifeanyi Ararume as the APC candidate for… In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has declared the All Progressives Congress (APC) winner of the just concluded Imo North senatorial district bye-election but unable to return any APC candidate. The returning officer, Hakeem Adigun who announced the result said the APC scored a total of… In "Top Stories" •Hope Uzodinma and Emeka Ihedioha OWERRI (Press Release) - "It is the right of every man, in parliament or out of it, in the press or over the broadcast, to make fair comment, even outspoken comment, on matters of public interest. Those who comment can deal faithfully with all that… In "News"