The Federal government has revealed plans to issue a deadline for Nigerians to link their National Identity Numbers (NINs) with their bank accounts.  Isa Pantami, the Minister of Communication and Digital Economy disclosed this to newsmen after the Federal Executive Council meeting at the statehouse in Abuja. He disclosed that the NIN would be used to replace the Bank Verification Number (BVN) because the latter was not backed by law. Panatami had last year set between December 16 and 30, last year as timeline for telephone subscribers to link their Subscriber Identity Module aka SIM cards with their NINs. Failure to do that would see the SIM cards deactivated. After an outcry by Nigerians over the timing of the directive which had led to subscribers crowding at the few registration centres of the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) across the country in disregard to the protocols of COVID-19, the National Task Force on National Identification Number (NIN) and SIM registration granted another extension. A three weeks extension was granted for subscribers with NIN from December 30, 2020 to January 19, 2021; six- week extension for subscribers without NIN from December 30, 2020 to February 9, 2021. However, the Federal government has further extended the deadline to April 6, 2021.  Source The National Identity Management Commission, on Wednesday, says National Identification Number holders are required to pay N15,000 to correct their dates of birth in the commission’s database. NIMC Regional Coordinator, Funmi Opesanwo, stated this on Wednesday at the commission’s office in the Alausa area of Lagos State. According to her,… In "News" The Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy jolted GSM subscribers back to reality when it ordered Mobile Network Operators (MNOs) to block all Subscriber Identification Modules (SIM) cards without valid National Identification Numbers (NIN) after December 30, 2020. Issuing the directive, the Communication and Digital Economy minister, Dr. Isa… In "Opinion" Mobile network operators in Nigeria including Airtel and MTN have dismissed claims by subscribers that their SIM cards are being blocked before the deadline set for the linkage with the National Identity Number. The Federal Government through the Nigerian Communication Commission had ordered telecommunications companies to deactivate telephone lines of… In "Features"