According to The PUNCH, about four fugitive police officers, who allegedly killed a final-year law student of the Nnamdi Azikiwe University, Augustine Ugwu, in Nsukka, Enugu State have finally been re-arrested.  The four policemen fingered in the murder are Officer-in-Charge of the Nsukka Anti-Cult unit, DSP Nnamdi Ochin, three Sergeants working under him, Emmanuel Ibiam, Godwin Abel, Abu John, and ASP Peter Adu, Nsukka Divisional Crime Officer 3. They were in November 2020 reported to have escaped from police custody in Enugu before detectives from the homicide department force Headquarters finally re-arrested them. A police source told our correspondent on Sunday that the police suspects were moved to Force Headquarters Abuja on Thursday. The source disclosed that the body of the late law student had been recovered and moved to the University of Nigeria Teaching Hospital for autopsy. Augustine, a 500-level student of Nnamdi Azikiwe University, was reportedly arrested by local anti-cult outfit set up by the late Chairman of Nsukka Local Government, Patrick Omeje, in a beer parlour on April 23, 2020. They were said to have shot him on the leg and handed him over to the Officer-in-charge of the Anti-Cult unit in Nsukka, DSP Ochin. But a few hours later, he was declared missing at the police custody. His father, Andy Ugwu, a retired police officer petitioned the Inspector General of Police Mohammed Adamu, who immediately, constituted a six-man panel of investigators led by Assistant Commissioner of Police, ACP Gabriel Elaigbwu, to unravel those behind the disappearance of Augustine at custody. It was gathered that the panel at the course of their investigation, found that Augustine had been killed and buried in a shallow grave by four policemen. The State Police Public Relations Officer, Daniel Ndukwe, confirmed the arrest when contacted on the telephone on Sunday, but noted that the case was being handled by homicide department Force Headquarters Abuja.  Source By Chinenyeh Ozor  The University of Nigeria, Nsukka (UNN) community was, over the weekend, thrown into confusion and panic as a final year student of the Department of Public Administration and Local Government (PALG) was allegedly stabbed to death by a fellow student over payment of electricity bill at the… In "Education" Awka  -   A 75-year old man, Mr Onuzulike Ude, and four other suspects have been arrested by the police in Anambra for allegedly forging certificates of some tertiary institutions. Mr Hosea Karma, Commissioner of Police (CP) in the state, stated this when he paraded them before newsmen in Awka… In "Metro" Nsukka (Enugu State)  - The Police in Nsukka on Saturday arrested two men who wore masquerade costume in Ovoko community in Nsukka LGA for allegedly beating up a passenger on commercial motorcycle and robbing him of N57,000. The incident happened on the Nsukka /Oballo-Afor highway. A police source said policemen… In "News"