By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  The Senate on Tuesday received a request from President Muhammadu Buhari for the confirmation of Mr. Aghughu Arhotomhenla Adolphus as Auditor-General of the Federation. The request was contained in a letter dated 12th January, 2021, and read on the floor by the Senate President, Ahmad Lawan. According to President Buhari, the appointment of the nominee was pursuant to section 86(1) of Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria (as amended).In a related development, the President in two separate letters to the Senate, and dated 3rd February, 2021, requested the confirmation of Larry Obinna Collins Chukwu as Commissioner representing South-East, at the Nigerian Law Reform Commission. Buhari in another letter sought the confirmation of Engr. Wakil Bukar as Commissioner representing Bauchi, Borno and Yobe States, at the Federal Civil Service Commission. According to him, both requests were made in accordance with the provision of Section 2(2) of the Nigerian Law Reform Commission Act; and Section 154(1) of the 1999 Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria (as amended). By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate has received a formal request from President Muhammadu Buhari for the confirmation of the newly appointed Chief of Defence Staff and Service Chiefs. The request which was contained in a letter dated 27th January, 2021, was read by the Senate President,… In "Top Stories" ....Lawan Announced Appointment of Ibrahim El-Ladan as Acting Clerk of the Senate By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Senate on Tuesday received from President Muhammadu Buhari, the 2021 - 2021 Medium Term Expenditure Framework and Fiscal Strategy Paper.The MTEF/FSP document forwarded to the National Assembly for consideration and approval… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Senate on Tuesday received a request from President Muhammadu Buhari for the confirmation of eight Justices of the Court of Appeal as Justices of the Supreme Court of Nigeria. The request which was contained in a letter dated 31st August, 2020, was read… In "Top Stories"