Obinwanne Okeke aka Invictus Obi, the Nigerian fraudster who was sentenced to 10 years imprisonment will be undergoing treatment for ‘fraud mentality and drug abuse’ to reform his conduct before he completes his sentence.  A judge of an Eastern District court of Virginia, Rebecca Smith had ordered that the Nigerian man who was listed on the Forbes 30 under 30 category for his business exploits and wealth, be incarcerated in a medical facility where he would be subjected to ”full medical and mental health evaluation and treatment”.Premium Times reported that the evaluation cum treatment is part of the rehabilitation process to reform his conduct before he completes his jail term and is reintegrated into the society.Judge Smith, in her recommendations to the Bureau of Prisons said;“The defendant be incarcerated in the facility at the Federal Medical Centre at Butner, North Carolina or a similar medical facility.“The defendant shall undergo a full mental health evaluation and receive all appropriate mental health treatment and counselling, in particular for his fraud mentality. “He shall receive a full medical evaluation and shall receive all appropriate medical treatment for any conditions he may have.”On drug abuse, she ordered that “the defendant shall undergo a substance abuse evaluation and receive all appropriate substance abuse treatment and counselling.”From 2015 to 2019, Okeke and others engaged in a conspiracy to conduct various computer-based frauds. The conspirators obtained and compiled the credentials of hundreds of victims, including victims in the Eastern District of Virginia. As part of the scheme, Okeke and other conspirators engaged in an email compromise scheme targeting Unatrac Holding Limited, the export sales office for Caterpillar heavy industrial and farm equipment.In April 2018, one Unatrac executive fell prey to a phishing email that allowed conspirators to capture login credentials. The conspirators sent fraudulent wire transfer requests and attached fake invoices. Okeke participated in the effort to victimise Unatrac through fraudulent wire transfers totaling nearly $11m which was transferred overseas. Additionally, Okeke engaged in other forms of cyberfraud, including sending phishing emails to capture email credentials, creating fraudulent web pages, and causing other losses to numerous victims Source (Sundiata Post) -- The Nigerian government was happy to announce the invitation extended President Buhari by US president, Donald Trump, to the White House, April 30, to discuss bilateral issues such as fighting terrorism and economic growth. “President Trump looks forward to discussing ways to enhance our strategic partnership and… In "Top Stories" By Wandoo Sombo Abuja - The Federal High Court, Abuja on Monday, granted Andrew Yakubu, former Group Managing Director, (GMD) of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, (NNPC) permission to travel abroad for medical treatment. Yakubu who is charged with six counts bordering on money laundering filed an application seeking leave… In "News" By Abubakar Ahmed Gusau - A renowned Consultant Psychiatrist at the Federal Medical Center, Gusau, Zamfara,  Dr Aremu Saad, says over 20 per cent of Nigerians suffer from different forms of mental illnesses. Dr Aremu made this disclosure in Gusau on Thursday while speaking with journalists. He also said many… In "Health"