Angry members of Jangebe community have attacked newsmen covering the recent abduction of over 300 schoolgirls of Government Girls Secondary School, Jangebe in the Talata Mafara Local Government area of the state.  The journalists who moved in a convoy of two vehicles were attacked midway inside the town, as angry youths threw stones at the vehicles, asking where the government and security persons were when the attack was going on. “These innocent people would have been saved if there was any security operative to salvage the ugly situation but non was available but after the bandits were done with their operations we started seeing people, for what”, they lamented. The angry youths smashed a vehicle causing various degrees of injury on a cameraman, Babangida Calipha. DailyPost reports that the situation at Jangebe community is tensed as people mobilized to block security operatives, journalists and other government officials from getting access to the main town. The state Commissioner of Police Mr. Abutu Yaro, State Commissioner for Security and Home Affairs Abubakar Dauran as well as the Commandant of the Nigeria Security and Civil Defense Corps were allegedly blocked from entering the town as youth mobilized en- mass to demonstrate A source in the community stated that the villagers do not want to see the presence of the security agencies as they are not useful to the community. As at the time of filing this report, no one could ascertain the situation as both journalists and security operatives resorted to phone calls to know the real situation in the town.  Source It has been revealed that some of the abducted schoolgirls in the state were made to trek by their attackers. The information was revealed by the Zamfara State Government. Gunmen had broken into Government Girls Secondary School, Jangebe, in the early hours of Friday, and whisked away a yet-to-be-revealed number… In "News" Following the abduction of students of Government Girls Secondary School, Jangebe, in Talata Mafara Local Government Area of Zamfara State in the early hours of today February 26, a teacher has alleged that close to 550 students were kidnapped by bandits. The teacher who spoke to Daily Trust said out… In "Features" Islamic scholar Sheikh Ahmad Gumi has said abductors of the Zamfara schoolgirls were not the bandits he recently engaged with in Zamfara forests. The Nation had reported bandits stormed Government Secondary School Jangebe in Talata Mafara Local Government Area around 1am Friday and abducted over 300 female students. Zamfara Commissioner… In "News"