Bandits killed a student during the attack on Government Science College Kagara in Niger State.  The student identified as Benjamin. S. Doma, was shot dead by the bandits while trying to escape. The bandits invaded the school around 3 am on Wednesday, February 17, abducting the students and some of the staff. One student was reportedly killed during the attack. HERE Speaking to Daily Trust, a witness narrated how the gunmen broke into the staff quarters of the school before raiding hostels. He said the gunmen gathered some staff and students at a place for hours before moving them out of the school premise The armed men reportedly dressed in military uniform, were said to have overpowered the security guards at the school which has a population of over 1000 students. Some students were said to have escaped while being led to an unknown destination. A headcount is being conducted at the school to ascertain the actual number of missing students. One of the abducted staff, simply identified as Batagi, was said to have escaped from his captors. Some of those who are still in captivity were identified as Lawal, Ali, Hannatu and her husband, Dodo, and Mohammed Abubakar(Akawu).  The names of some staff member of the Government Science College, Kagara, Niger State that were kidnapped in the early hours of Wednesday by gunmen suspected to be bandits has been revealed. The staff members were identified as Mrs Salmanu, Mr Lawal, Mr Ali, Mr Batagi, Mr Mohammed Abubakar and… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate Wednesday called on President Muhammadu Buhari, to as a matter of urgency, declare a state of emergency on insecurity in the country. This was just as the Upper Chamber condemned in very strong terms, Wednesday’s abduction of students and teachers of Government… In "Top Stories" MINNA - Dozens of students have been abducted by armed bandits at Government Science College (GSC) Kagara, in Niger State, North-central Nigeria. According to PRNigeria, the bandits in military uniforms, stormed the school premises which has close to 1000 students on Tuesday night, overpowered the security guard, before whisking away… In "News"