As part of efforts to increase earnings of yam farmers and enhance the export of yam, the Federal Government has inaugurated yam storage facility at the Faculty of Agriculture, Nasarawa State University, Keffi-Shabu-Lafia.  The yam storage facility would store 45-50 metric tons of yam seeds and is estimated to cover 16 hectares of land when planted. Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, Alhaji Sabo Nanono who revealed this at the weekend, noted that the huge output of using clean seed yam will boost production, increase earnings of yam farmers and enhance the export of yam from Nasarawa State. The Minister said the location of the facility inside the university will immensely add value to teaching, research and income generation for the farmers in the state, even as he added that the facility will generate about 200 jobs to the value chain. Vice-Chancellor Nasarawa State University, Keffi, Prof. Suleiman Bala Mohammed said the facility would be harnessed to support the Federal Government’s efforts towards improving agricultural productivity, promote research and enhance the economic diversification agenda of the Federal Government. Source By Philomina Attah/Kudirat Ogunyemi Abuja  -   Chief Audu Ogbeh, Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, has advised critics of the Federal Government yam export policy to grow the commodity. Addressing journalists in Abuja on Monday, Ogbeh dismissed the criticisms of the policy, saying that the effort was in the best… In "Business" By Nefishetu Yakubu Benin  -    All Farmers Association of Nigeria (AFAN), Edo chapter, has lauded Federal Government initiative on yam exportation to UK and U.S. The AFAN Chairman in the state, Mr Emmanuel Odigie, gave the commendation in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Benin… In "News" By Ginika Okoye Abuja. -. The International Institute of Trolpical Agriculture (IITA) says it would train farmers on good agronomic practices for yam production under its Yam Improvement for Income and Food Security in West Africa (YIIFSWA) project. Ms Oiwoja Odihi, the Communication Specialist for YIIFSWA project, said this in… In "News"