A Chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC) and former governorship candidate in Imo State, Uche Nwosu, has lauded the appointment of AbdulRasheed Bawa, as the substantive Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), as an opportunity to harness the talent and energy of Nigerian youths in driving national development. Nwosu noted that the choice of Bawa as the head of the anti-graft Agency, further confirms President Muhamamadu Buhari’s commitment to giving the youths the opportunity to contribute their quota to nation building. He opined that the appointment of the 40-year-old Bawa, will no doubt inspire Nigerian youths to develop their potentials through education and other vocations, knowing that they will be assigned leadership roles if found competent and worthy. Nwosu who has been advocating youth empowerment through job creation, as a means of curbing youth restiveness and other vices, appealed to the Federal Government to initiate policies and programmes that will meaningfully engage the Nigerian youths, adding that “83% of Nigeria’s population is under the age of 50, so diligent and transparent implementation of policies targeted at improving the lots of youths should be adopted.” According to him, “the choice of AbdulRasheed Bawa as the substantive Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission further proves President Buhari’s commitment to giving the younger generation a chance to contribute their talents, expertise and experience to the Nigerian project. “At 40, Bawa has put in about 15 years of his life to the job for which he has been recommended to take the helm, and I am confident that his appointment will give the added fervour to the fight against corruption.” The Nation President Muhammadu Buhari on Tuesday nominated Abdulrasheed Bawa as substantive chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC). This was announced in a statement by Special Adviser to the President on Media and Publicity, Femi Adesina, which says President Buhari was acting in accordance with Paragraph 2(3) of Part1,… In "Features" By Kingsley Okoye Abuja -   The National Youth Council of Nigeria (NYCN)  on Monday  said the devastating effects of corruption on the nation led the youth with no option but to collaborate with Economic and Financial Crimes  Commission (EFCC) and other anti-graft agencies in tackling the menace. The NYCN’s… In "News" ‌By Olalekan Adetayo,Eniola Akinkuotu and Sunday Aborisade. The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission on Tuesday absolved its new Chairman, Abdulrasheed Bawa, of allegations of corruption. A few hours after President Muhammadu Buhari appointed him as the EFCC chairman on Tuesday, there were reports of his involvement in corruption. But the… In "News"