The Nigerian Air Force (NAF) has inaugurated the training course of another batch of 203 Special Forces (SF) personnel and Integrated Combat Operations. Out of the 203, 164 NAF personnel were selected for the Special Forces Course 8 while 39 National Intelligence Agency Counter-terror unit personnel were into integrated Combat Operations Course 1/2021. Speaking at the combined Inauguration ceremony Tuesday, Air Officer Commanding Ground Training Group, Air Vice Marshall Idi Amin said the move is to tackle the security threats facing the nation. He added that the objective of the Special Forces Course is to train personnel of the Nigerian Air Force to conduct special operations in adverse conditions within denied and semi-permissive environments. He said further that to attain the said objectives, the personnel will be subjected to intense training which would cover physical fitness, weapon handling, unarmed combat, special tactics, rappelling among other focused areas. This is as he reminded the participants that the profession of arms requires absolute loyalty, discipline, perseverance and courage among other core virtues. ”Indeed, the training will be grueling and only the fittest normally succeeds at the end. Such training is required given the complex nature of our nation’s contemporary security threats.” ”The purpose of this course is to introduce these operatives to the Specialized Tactics, Techniques and Procedures of our Special Forces to enable them to operate better together in the field. It is anticipated that this Course will serve as a platform for more collaboration between the NIA and the NAF towards enhancing national security.” He commended the President and Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces, President Muhammadu Buhari for the priority attention given to the training, operational and other requirements of the Nigerian Air Force. Earlier, Wing Commander Kehinde Akinyosade of the regiment training centre said out of the 203 Special Forces, 164 are NAF personnel, 39 are National Intelligence Agency Counter Terror Unit personnel.  He added that a total of 514 NAF personnel were initially nominated for the Special forces course but during the selection screening, 254 were reported to be medically unfit, 5 failed physical examination, 61 did not report, 24 voluntarily quit while 4 were withdrawn on medical grounds. ”We are gathered here today to witness the inauguration of 164 NAF personnel into Special Forces Course 8/2021 and 39 National Intelligence Agency Counter-terror unit personnel into integrated Combat Operations Course 1/2021. ” I wish to inform you that a total of 514 NAF personnel were nominated for the Special Forces course. During the selection screening, 254 were reported to be medically unfit, 5 failed physical examination, 61 did not report, 24 voluntarily quit and 4 were withdrawn on medical grounds. ”The Personnel comprising of 7 officers, 156 airmen and one airwoman as well as 39 NIA staff comprising 53 male and four female counter-Terror operatives shall be inaugurated shortly after this address.” The highlight of the ceremony includes a live shooting exercise by the participants. The Nation Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Nigerian Air Force (NAF) on Saturday, in Bauchi State held graduation for 203 battle-ready Special Forces (SF).Air Marshal Sadique Abubakar, Chief of Air Staff (CAS), said they underwent training under Special Forces Course 7/2020 and Combat, Search and Rescue Course 3/2020.  He noted that NAF-SF… In "Top Stories" By Ahmed Mohammed Kaigama Bauchi - The Nigerian Air Force (NAF) on Friday graduated 126 Special Force and Combat Search and Rescue Personnel in Bauchi. The Chief of Air Staff (CAS), Air Marshal Saddique Abubakar at the combined graduation ceremony in Bauchi, said the graduates comprised of Special Force and… In "News" By Mohammad Tijjani Kaduna - The Nigerian Air Force (NAF) says it has trained no fewer than 3,629 personnel on ground combat skills to meet the asymmetric and dynamic security challenges confronting the country. The Chief of Air Staff, Air Marshall Sadiq Abubakar made the disclosure during the combined graduation… In "News"