Olanrewaju Ogundare, a 24-year-old man who was declared missing in Lagos state in December 2020, has been found dead.  Ogundare who worked with an events centre in Lagos state returned from work on December 25, 2020 and dropped his bag at his parents’ house on Adimula Street, Ikotun, saying he was going to spend the Christmas break with his friends. Upon his arrival at his friend’s house, he called his mum to inform her that he had reached his destination. Afterwards, he went incommunicado. On Monday, December 28, Olanrewaju failed to show up at work, prompting his colleagues to reach out to his parents who immediately reported the matter to the Idimu Police Station. Olanrewaju who misplaced his phone sometime back, couldn’t be traced with the number he had used to call his mum because the phone she used does not keep call records. With the aid of his photo, the police were able to track his mutilated body to the Ejigbo area on Monday, February 1, suggesting he was murdered. A preliminary investigation showed he was killed in the area where his friend stays on the same night he went out for the Christmas celebration. It is believed that he was killed by suspected armed robbers who are known for terrorising residents of the area. Confirming the incident, the spokesperson of the state police command, Muyiwa Adejobi, said the police is conducting further investigation into the matter. The family of the deceased have reportedly called for the case to be closed as they do not have the finance to carry out an autopsy.  Source LAGOS - The corpse of missing Favour Daley-Oladele, a 400 level student of Theatre Arts at the Lagos State University, LASU, Ojo, has been recovered in a shallow grave in Ogun State, two weeks after her disappearance. The deceased was said to have left her parents’ abode in Mowe area… In "Top Stories" Osun State - Pastor David Daley-Oladele, whose daughter, allegedly by one Owolabi Adeeko; his mother, identified simply as Mrs Adeeko; and the pastor of a white garment church, Segun Philip, in the Ikoyi-Ile area of Osun State, has stated that the dismembered body of the victim was buried on the church… In "Metro" Ikeja  - A trader, Azubuike Ebi, on Wednesday told an Ikeja High Court how his younger brother, Ejay Ebi, who ran away from terror attacks in the North, was murdered in Lagos by a 30- year-old Ifa priest, Adeshina Musiliu. Ebi, while being led in evidence by the prosecuting counsel,… In "Metro"