Tinubu Support Organisation (Central Women Wing), an advocacy group has stated why the national leader of the All Progressives Congress, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu should be the next president of Nigeria.  Speaking at a news conference in Lagos, Fatima Bello, the group’s president, said the All Progressives Congress’s national leader had a good vision for the country, particularly the womenfolk. Mrs. Bello explained that the Central Women Wing of the TSO, stated, “While most people are aware of Tinubu’s qualities, few are aware of his love for gender equality and equity. “This is one of the values that has endeared him to us in women circles. A lot of women are suffering out there. We are pushing for Tinubu because we believe he has so much passion for women. Tinubu answers women first. He cannot even stand to see a woman cry.” Similarly, Raliat Abdulsalam, Vice President of the Central Women Wing, asserted that Tinubu was an exemplary leader. She said Tinubu was a leader not known to be tribalistic. “He has supported people from the North. He has supported people from the south, and he is not greedy for power. He built people that are still in power today. Most important, Tinubu is sympathetic toward the women cause. He supports women every time. “This dream will come to pass because we have seen a man with a vision; someone that can lead us and help us to survive. We will back him up whenever he decides to run for the president because we have seen the sign of a true leader in him,” Mrs. Abdulsalam said. The Director General of TSO, Aminu Suleiman, said Tinubu’s track records in human development, democracy, and peace-building informed the support. Mr. Suleiman noted that the organisation was not campaigning, but sensitising the people about what Tinubu represents, said the organisation saw a better future for Nigeria with Tinubu.  NAN They were like David and Jonathan — but their friends and associates may have to brace up to save the day so that they do not end up as Cain and Abel. On Tuesday, Bola Tinubu, national leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC), disbanded all political groups within the… In "News" Former Governor of Ekiti State, Ayodele Fayose, has said series of subterranean plots to pull down politically the ‘giant’ National Leader of the All Progressive Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Tinubu by some politicians in the southwest will fail. Fayose said he would never associate nor join the group of rebels… In "News" former Governor of Lagos State and a National Leader of the All Progressives Congress, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, has vowed to deal with Senator Dino Melaye (APC-Kogi West), if he dared beat his wife, Senator Oluremi Tinubu (APC-Lagos Central). Melaye had on Tuesday reportedly vowed to beat Senator Tinubu during… In "Top Stories"