Following the attack on Nobel Laureate, Wole Soyinka, the Aare Onakakanfo of Yorubaland, Iba Gani Adams, has threatened criminal herdsmen in the Southwest to pack and go. He said failure to adhere to the warning would mean such elements were ready to face the wrath of the Oodua Peoples Congress (OPC). Adam’s reaction followed the breach of Professor Wole Soyinka’s Ijegba residence by herders. In a statement by his spokesman on Thursday, the Yoruba leader said the encroachment was a threat to the privacy of the Nobel laureate. Adams said reports available to him from Southwest states showed that criminal herdsmen have migrated from Ibarapa in Oyo State to Yewa in Ogun State. The Aare said this had increased the spate of insecurity, stressing that the activities of criminal Fulani herdsmen had become unbearable. Adams wondered why President Muhammadu Buhari has been complacent about the security situation in the Southwest. “We thank God that the recent encroachment on Prof’s residence failed. The fundamental problem in this country is that we have a President that seems to be complacent on serious issues. “It is in our own interest to continue to raise our voices against the unprecedented threats to the southwest region.” The Aare advised Southwest governors to boost the recruitment of OPC, Vigilante and Hunters in Amotekun to further strengthen the security outfit. Adams appealed to the Lagos State Government to inaugurate Amotekun as soon as possible, adding that delay was dangerous. Source By Clara Egbogota Lagos - The Oodua Peoples Congress (OPC) says the congress will celebrate its silver jubilee anniversary on Thursday in Lagos. Aare Onakakanfo of Yorubaland, Chief Gani Adams, said in a statement on Sunday that the journey that started 25 years ago was not an easy thing. The… In "News" The Aare Onakakanfo of Yorubaland, Iba Gani Adams, has reacted to the killing on Friday of Funke Olakunrin, the daughter of the leader of pan-Yoruba socio-cultural group, Afenifere, Pa Reuben Fasoranti. Adams, who is the Leader of Oodua Peoples Congress, described Olakunrin’s killing by suspected herdsmen in Ondo State as… In "News" By Adegunle Olugbamila Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Aare-in-Council, has endorsed the AMOTEKUN which is the security initiative of the Southwest governors. The Council which is the highest decision-making organ of the 15th Aare Onakakanfo of Yorubaland Otunba Gani Adams, rose from its quarterly meeting yesterday to throw its weight… In "Top Stories"