An unapproved building at the Ilupeju area of Lagos State has been pulled down by the Lagos State Building Control Agency (LASBCA) Speaking during the demolition of a building at Olutunda Street, off Ade Akinsanya Street Ilupeju, Lagos on Monday February 15, the General Manager of the Agency, Arc. Gbolahan Owodunni Oki, said the building in question was identified by a team of LASBCA monitoring officers in August 2020 and all efforts by the Agency to prevail on the recalcitrant owner to follow due process and best practices, in consonance with the directive of the Agency, proved abortive. “The illegal structure which has no building approval was built on a drainage channel, wall fenced with no airspace. The building had previously been served all statutory enforcement notices in line with the Lagos State Urban and Regional Planning Development Law of 2010 with no response from the owner/developer, hence the Agency had to remove the building”, Oki said. The General Manager emphasised that the decision was taken after a thorough engineering appraisal and monitoring of the building by the Agency to ensure a better physical planning environment for sustainable development and averting needless loss of lives and property. He added that the demolition is a signal to any would be recalcitrant developer who circumvents Government rules and regulations of the law, stressing that the structures shall be removed by the Agency and the cost of removal shall be borne by the owner. While noting that people have shown disregard for State laws on building construction in the past with worrisome resultant effects, Oki appealed to building owners and developers to desist from starting building projects without obtaining necessary building approvals. He insisted that building owners/developers should seek authorisation from LASBCA, hire the services of relevant building Professionals, speak to safety and test their building materials before commencement of building construction, subject to the type of structures they are putting in place, to make the buildings safe, secure and fit for habitation.  Source Following collapse of a three-storey building at Ita-Faji which killed several pupils, the Lagos State Government has shutdown 45 unapproved schools and buildings on Lagos Island The Lagos State Government, through the Lagos State Building Control Agency (LASBCA) deplored its officials across the nooks and crannies of the state to… In "Education" By Grace Alegba Lagos - The Lagos State Government says it will sanction property owners and developers that break the government’s seals on their properties sealed for breaching various physical planning laws. Dr Idris Salako, the state Commissioner for Physical Planning and Urban Development, made the assertion at the ongoing… In "News" Lagos  - The Lagos State House of Assembly Committee on Physical Planning and Urban Development on Wednesday described the Lagos State Physical Planning Permit Authority (LASPPPA) and Lagos State Building Control Agency (LASBCA) as ``toothless bulldogs.’’ Mr Setonji David, Chairman of the committee made this assertion during the committee's oversight… In "News"