According to a report by SaharaReporters, no less than two persons were killed by suspected Fulani herdsmen on Thursday in Aiyetoro, Yewa North Local Government Area.  The attack occurred barely four days after three people were killed by the same suspected killer Fulani herdsmen at Oja-Odan near Eggua. The recent victims were attacked on their way to their farms early Thursday morning and butchered to death by the suspected murderous herders in an ambush. A resident of Eggua, who is also the General Secretary of All Farmers Association of Nigeria, Olusegun Popoola, told SaharaReporters about the incident on Thursday. “Today, the killer Fulani herdsmen still went ahead to kill two more people at Aiyetoro. The innocent people were killed in the early hours of today on their farms. And the government is still telling us not to react. The Area Commander of the Police is aware of the killing,” Popoola said. Popoola, who also lamented the deaths of the farmers killed on Sunday evening, said they were returning from where they went to pay for their rice crops. “It happened on Sunday evening. It happened near Oja-Odan market. It was along the adjacent road to the market when going to Eggua. “Those people went to pay for their rice. On their way back, they were attacked. Three of them were attacked and slaughtered by the militant Fulani herdsmen on Sunday evening.” Recently, the house of the Seriki Fulani of Eggua, Olooru Adamu, was burnt following the visit of the self-acclaimed Yoruba activist, Sunday Adeyemo, popularly known as Sunday Igboho, to the community. Two people were killed by suspected Fulani herdsmen on Thursday in Aiyetoro, Yewa North Local Government Area, SaharaReporters has gathered. The attack occurred barely four days after three people were killed by the same suspected killer Fulani herdsmen at Oja-Odan near Eggua. The recent victims were attacked on their way to their farms early Thursday morning and butchered to death by the suspected murderous herders in an ambush. A resident of Eggua, who is also the General Secretary of All Farmers Association of Nigeria, Olusegun Popoola, told SaharaReporters about the incident on Thursday. “Today, the killer Fulani herdsmen still went ahead to kill two more people at Aiyetoro. The innocent people were killed in the early hours of today on their farms. And the government is still telling us not to react. The Area Commander of the Police is aware of the killing,” Popoola said. Popoola, who also lamented the deaths of the farmers killed on Sunday evening, said they were returning from where they went to pay for their rice crops. “It happened on Sunday evening. It happened near Oja-Odan market. It was along the adjacent road to the market when going to Eggua. “Those people went to pay for their rice. On their way back, they were attacked. Three of them were attacked and slaughtered by the militant Fulani herdsmen on Sunday evening.” Recently, the house of the Seriki Fulani of Eggua, Olooru Adamu, was burnt following the visit of the self-acclaimed Yoruba activist, Sunday Adeyemo, popularly known as Sunday Igboho, to the community. Adamu has since fled the community but his son, Sulaimon Adamu, stayed back. When asked about the Fulani settlers and in the community and the Seriki Fulani’s son, Popoola said, “I don’t know. Nobody has seen him. It was after all of them left that they started unleashing a series of mayhem on us. “We are living in fear now because we don’t know which town may be their next target or who is going to run into them. We cannot even go to our farms now. The New Year farm planting has been abandoned because nobody dares to go to the farm.” Adamu has since fled the community but his son, Sulaimon Adamu, stayed back. When asked about the Fulani settlers and in the community and the Seriki Fulani’s son, Popoola said, “I don’t know. Nobody has seen him. It was after all of them left that they started unleashing a series of mayhem on us. “We are living in fear now because we don’t know which town may be their next target or who is going to run into them. We cannot even go to our farms now. The New Year farm planting has been abandoned because nobody dares to go to the farm.” Source Rashidat Olowoniyi, a 30-year-old woman watched in disbelief as herdsmen attacked and macheted her husband to death while she was peeping through the curtains inside a small hut at a farm settlement located at Oha village in the Imeko- Afon Local Government Area of Ogun State. Her husband was killed… In "News" •Fleeing villagers By EMMANUEL ADEYEMI LOKOJA - Scores of farmers and some rural folks have been killed as gunmen suspected to be Fulani herdsmen allegedly invaded villages in Omala Local Government Area of Kogi State. The herdsmen were said to have simultaneously invaded the communities in the early hours of… In "News" ...Says 1,750 Killed in 6 Months; 8,800 in 3 Years Abuja (Sundiata Post) - A human rights group, the International Society for Civil Liberties & the Rule of Law (Intersociety), has alleged that the Federal Government’s complicity as well its branding of Fulani killings as resulting from cattle herders/farmers clashes has… In "Top Stories"