The Northern Governors Forum has condemned Friday’s attack on Government Secondary School, Jangebe in Zamfara State by bandits who abducted 317 schoolgirls. In a statement in Jos on Friday, Chairman of the Forum and Governor of Plateau State, Simon Lalong, described the development as “embarrassing and unacceptable.” According to him, strong measures must be taken to put an end to the trend before it escalates into a monster that will consume educational pursuit and national aspirations.  Governor Lalong added that the development, which is coming on the heels of the abduction of school children in Kagara, Niger State, which is still being addressed, calls for serious concerns among all Nigerians. He said, “As Northern Governors, we are deeply saddened by this embarrassing and unfortunate attack on our children who are in schools to seek knowledge and build capacity to impact the nation and create a better society. The assault on schools where innocent and harmless students are targeted should not be condoned in any way because it has the tendency to set the nation back to ignorance and more poverty. The Northern part of the country in particular is more educationally disadvantaged and cannot afford to have these disruptions. Enough is enough”.  The Northern Governors, therefore, urged security agencies to use every asset at their disposal to rescue the children and bring to justice those behind the act. They also want Nigerians to support the security agencies and government with credible information that will lead to a swift resolution of the situation.  Lalong sympathised with the families of the abducted school children, the people and the Government of Zamfara State, assuring them of the support of the Forum in tackling the problem. The Northern Governors Forum had held a meeting in Kaduna on Thursday where they resolved to take far-reaching measures to address insecurity and other challenges of the region and the nation at large. Punch ABUJA - The Northern Governors' Forum on Wednesday welcomed the U.S. government's offer of military assistance to Nigeria to help locate and rescue the over 200 schoolgirls abducted in Chibok, Borno. The Chairman of the forum and Governor of Niger, Dr Babangida Aliyu, expressed the forum's position at a meeting… In "News" Prominent groups and Nigerians from different walks of life, on Sunday, took a swipe at the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), over Friday’s abduction of students of the Government Science Secondary School, Kankara, Katsina State. Most of those who reacted said Buhari had failed and said they were shocked… In "News" •A file photo of a community attacked by bandits in Kaduna State. AMembers of the Northern Governors Forum met on Thursday to review the security situation in the region. The teleconference, which was presided over by the Chairman of the Forum and Plateau State Governor, Simon Lalong, held against the… In "News"