Barely two days when armed members of Boko Haram sect invaded Egiri, Zira I & II communities of Biu Local Government Area which led to the destruction of over hundred residential buildings, another set of coordinated attacks took place on Tuesday night in Marte and Gubio Local Government Areas of Borno State. Sources told our Correspondent that in Gubio, the insurgents stormed one of the Vigilante/Hunters Checkpoint and opened fire leaving one of the hunters dead with others sustained gunshot wounds before they were repelled by military troops. In Marte, a reliable Sources said the armed insurgents dislodged a military base before invading New Marte Community brandishing weapons and shooting sporadically as residents scamper for safety. The Source, however, said scores of insurgents were killed with casualties from the side of security operatives. Although, due to lack of telecommunication network in Marte, the number of casualties from both sides of security operatives and the insurgents is not ascertained, as Sources said, the insurgents have taken over control of the town since yesterday (Tuesday) up to Wednesday noon before troops were reinforced to repel the attackers. Member Borno State House of Assembly, Marte constituency, Hon. Engineer Mohammed Gambomi confirmed the attack on Marte town. He told our Correspondent that he received a distress call that Boko Haram sect invaded Marte, but did not have details on the number of casualties, only that some few residential houses were touched during the encounter. His words; ” Yes there was an attack by suspected members of Boko Haram on Marte Community yesterday. But from the reports I got, civilians are safe”. Gambomi said. On Gubio attack, a senior Political Office Holder from Gubio who did not want his name mentioned also confirmed the latest Boko haram invasion and killing of one vigilante/hunter in the town on Tuesday. (Vanguard) Two Local Government Areas of Gubio and Magumeri in Northern Borno Senatorial District have under the control of Boko Haram as the insurgents in large number launched a coordinated attack on the communities beginning from Wednesday evening through Thursday morning without confrontation.  Both Gubio and Magumeri have no military presence as… In "Top Stories" Suspected Boko Haram fighters have attacked three villages, bringing down houses, shops and places of worship in Borno state. According to residents of the area, about 90 residential houses, a Church, Clinic, 9 shops, and other properties worth millions of naira were destroyed during the attack. The District Head of… In "Metro" By Lanre Ola GUBIO, Nigeria  - Boko Haram militants have killed at least 43 people in a five-hour assault on the town of Gubio in northeastern Nigeria's Borno state, witnesses said on Tuesday. Thousands of people have been killed and several million displaced in a six-year Boko Haram insurgency that… In "News"