•Governor Hope Uzodinma The Movement for the Actualisation of the Sovereign State of Biafra (MASSOB) has declared Governor Hope Uzodinma of Imo State as an Igbo saboteur following his deployment of the Nigerian military on the Eastern Security Network (ESN). The Biafra self-determination progenitor group, however, condemned the attack, on Tuesday, of the police station in Aba, Abia State, describing the attack as a handiwork of cultists. MASSOB Director of Information, Samuel Edeson, in a statement on Wednesday, condemned what he said was Adolph Hitler’s style of administration of Governor Hope Uzodinma in Imo State. “His uncontrollable and amature utterances show his inability and inactiveness in the governance of Imo State. “Governor Hope Uzodinma claiming that he invited the Nigeria Fulanistic army to destroy our villages in Orlu province in the disguise of searching for pro-Biafra agitators shows that the governor of Imo State has joined the league of Igbo political saboteurs and enemies,” MASSOB said. The group said it was highly disappointed on Governor Uzodinma’s utterances against his own people, noting that It is very unfortunate that a sitting governor in Igbo land will descend so lowly and inferior in defence of his people because of political allegiance to the Arewa caliphate. MASSOB also condemned the burning down of Abayi Police Station, killing of some policemen and looting of their armoury in Aba. “We can never condone or support evil in our land. This is the handiwork of cultist boys who always terrorise society. They are being sponsored by the enemies of Ndigbo.“They want to create artificial tension in Igbo land and erroneous impression that Aba city is not stable for economic stability. Abia State has been rated the third best state for foreign investment and economic stability in Nigeria” Edeson concluded. (Vanguard) Human and Environmental Rights group, Foundation for Environmental Rights Advocacy and Development, (FENRAD), has condemned the latest show of aerial power by the Nigeria Army at Orlu and Orsu local government areas of Imo State on the invitation of Governor Hope Uzodinma. The Nigeria Army had carried out an aerial… In "News" •Nnamdi Kanu, IPOB leader The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has absolved itself and the Eastern Security Network (ESN) of killing six children in Anambra State. The group described the news making the rounds linking it with the purported killing as ridiculous. In a statement made available to journalists in… In "News" •Nnamdi Kanu, IPOB leader The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has absolved itself and the Eastern Security Network (ESN) of killing six children in Anambra State. The group described the news making the rounds linking it with the purported killing as ridiculous. In a statement made available to journalists in… In "News"