The verbal war between Governors Samuel Ortom (Benue) and Bala Mohammed (Bauchi) over the menace of killer herdsmen in some parts of the country is not ending soon.On Monday, Ortom took Mohammed to the cleaners, describing the Bauchi governor as a terrorist. He wondered why Mohammed should support Fulani herdsmen carrying AK-47 rifles, an action against the 1999 Constitution (as amended).Ortom, who made this accusation while addressing journalists in Makurdi, Benue State capital, said Mohammed must be a terrorist for supporting illegal arms-wielding foreign herdsmen.“I wouldn’t want to be joining issues with my brother, friend, and colleague Bauchi Governor. But since he has continued to vilify, intimidate and blackmail me, it is said that silence is consent. I am compelled to respond to him.Ortom to Bala Mohammed: You are a terrorist “I am beginning to think that my brother, the governor of Bauchi State, is part of the terrorist Fulani organisation that is terrorising this country.“Why do I say this? This is the same governor who took the oath of office to protect the constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria. This constitution does not leave room for allowing foreign herdsmen to come in without valid papers.“This is a man who says that a Fulani man is a global man and can come in from anywhere and enter Nigeria. It is quite disappointing to hear a governor who took the oath of office saying that.“He should go back and check the oath of office he took may be the constitution gives room for foreign terrorist Fulani herdsmen to come into Nigeria,” Ortom said. Following his utterances about herdsmen carrying AK47 rifles to protect themselves, Governor Rotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State has fired back at Bauchi state governor, Bala Mohammed, saying he is unfit to be in public office. On Thursday, February 11, Governor Mohammed at a function said that Fulani herdsmen carry AK47… In "Politics" The Governor of Benue State, Samuel Ortom, has faulted the statement made by his Bauchi State counterpart, Bala Mohammed, which supports the free movement of herders with AK-47 rifles. Mohammed had yesterday said the herders use the weapons to protect themselves from the dangers in the forest and also from… In "News" The Governor of Benue State, Samuel Ortom, on Friday said that the N13.5billion approved by the Federal Government for Community Policing will assist in the training of local recruits for the exercise. Ortom also insisted that Nigerians need to be licenced to bear AK-47 rifles for self-protection and defence, in… In "News"