By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  Governor Bello of Niger State has slammed Senator Shehu Sani over his comment about Government Girls Science College Kagara. Shehu Sani had taken to his twitter handle and advised the Niger Governor to “rebuild Government Girls Science College Kagara and rename the school after the young student who was killed by the bandits when they stormed the school.” Responding to the unsolicited advice via his official twitter handle, Governor Bello reminded the Kaduna Senator that one of his administration’s goals has always been to provide protection and conducive learning environment for Niger School Children, adding that one would’ve thought that Shehu Sani’s wise counsel was put to better use when he represented the people of Kaduna Central. Senator Shehu Sani who didn’t want to ignore the governor’s subtle attack took the Governor down memory lane and recounted his achievements saying: “Within four years of my stewardship I was able to build 7 primary health care centers in Kaduna Central and 9 Buildings we purchased used as schools & orphanages. He reiterated that Governor Bello’s attention and action is very much needed in Kagara and that school shouldn’t be his image. The war of words by the two public servants read; “Dear @abusbello and @GovNiger, rebuild Government Science College Kagara and rename the school after the young student who was killed by the bandits when they stormed the school.” “Thank you Distinguished @ShehuSani, one of our goals has always been to provide protection & conducive learning Enviroment for our School Children, although one would’ve thought your wise counsel was put to better use when you represented the people of Kaduna Central, eitherways.” “Within four years of my stewardship I was able to build 7 primary health care centers in Kaduna Central and 9 Buildings we purchased used as schools & orphanages.Your attention and action is very much needed in Kagara;that school shouldn’t be your image.” MINNA - Students and staff members of the Government Science College Kagara, Niger State, who were kidnapped by bandits, were yet to be released Sunday night.A highly-placed security source had told The PUNCH that the abductees were on their way to Minna from around the Birnin Gwari area of Kaduna… In "Top Stories" A former lawmaker, Senator Shehu Sani, has advised authorities in Nigeria on how to protect schools in the northern part of the country. He gave the recommendations via his Twitter handle on Saturday in the wake of the recent abduction of hundreds of students from the Government Science Secondary School… In "News" Abubakar Sani Bello, the Governor of Niger State, has said his administration will not pay ransom to kidnappers, The PUNCH reports. Bello said this following the abduction of some students and staff of Government Science College in Kangara, Rafi Local Government Area of Niger State in the early hours of… In "Politics"