Some hoodlums on Sunday killed the All Progressives Congress (APC) ward chair in Gboko South, Benue State, Tersoo Ahu.  Ahu and other ward leaders were reportedly training party officials for the membership registration and revalidation when the assailants stormed the venue with clubs and other dangerous weapons, iron and attacked him. Publicity secretary of the party in the state James Orgunga, who confirmed the incident, said the ward chairman sustained serious injuries in the attack and died later in a Gboko hospital, where he was receiving treatment . The killing of the APC ward chair in Gboko, the ancestral home of the Tiv, may not be unconnected with the perceived schism in the party over 2023 general election. Police spokesman Kate Anene, confirmed the incident, adding that detectives were after the suspects after identifying them. In Jigawa, one person was confirmed killed while three were seriously injured during the visit of Ebonyi State Governor David Umahi to the state. The dead and the injured were attacked in a clash of rival factions of the APC during the inauguration of Babura township roads built by the Muhammed Badaru Abubakar administration The incident happened a stone’s throw from the governor’s country home, where the thugs had a field day at the official commissioning of Babura roads. Police spokesman Aminudeen Zubair confirmed the incident, but said he had not received any death report. Source Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Logara/Umuohiagu ward in Ngor Okpala council area of Imo State, Ifeanyi Ozoemena, has reportedly been killed by unknown gunmen. The APC chieftain was killed, on Tuesday night, February 19, shortly after presiding over a meeting of the party in the ward. The… In "Top Stories" • Election generally peaceful, voters in large turnout • Edo gov, Ize-Iyamu, Oshiomhole, Shaibu win polling units • Obaseki, Oshiomhole flay INEC over faulty card reader • Parties, police commission allege massive vote-buying • INEC begins collation, to announce results today Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Against nationwide apprehension that Saturday’s… In "Top Stories" Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  All Progressives Congress (APC) Ward Chairman of Yandoton Daji in Tsafe Local Government Area of Zamfara, Alhaji Yusuf Yahaya, has been killed by unidentified gunmen. The police said the deceased was killed at about 1:00am on Saturday while on his way home from Tsafe. Police spokesman,… In "Politics"