A police station has been set ablaze by hoodlums in Abia state.  According to NAN, the attack took place at the Umuoba Police Station in Isiala Ngwa North Local Government Area of Abia on Monday. The report also said that a police inspector was killed in the tragic incident. Police Public Relations Officer Geoffrey Ogbonna in the command confirmed this on Tuesday in Aba, observing that the hoodlums came on Monday at about 3 a.m. Mr Ogbonna said that the hoodlums who attacked the police station also burnt the station and its operational vehicles. “In the course of that attack, one inspector lost his life, another policewoman was seriously injured. “The hoodlums then broke into the armoury of the police at the station and stole some arms, including the gun of the inspector who was killed. “They also burnt down the station and the vehicles parked in the premises, including one of our serviceable patrol vans. “The body of the inspector has been taken to the mortuary while the policewoman is being treated,” he said. Mr Ogbonna said the police in Abia had begun investigations to unravel the cause of the attack. He urged the residents to be watchful and be on the lookout in their communities for intruders and unknown faces. He also called on hoteliers to volunteer credible information on certain visitors who would want to leave the hotels at midnight to commit crimes. The police promised to protect the details of anybody who volunteered information that could lead to the arrest of the hoodlums.  Source “I have personally seen seven corpses; three corpses at Atewolara Junction, two corpses at Way Street, opposite Oando Filing Station, and two corpses at Oduwoye Junction, opposite the market. Soldiers are in the area to douse the tension and some of the corpses were evacuated by them, while some… In "News" The Inspector-General of Police, Mr Mohammed Adamu, will on Friday begin visits to the police commands across the country to boost the morale of officers and men of the Nigeria Police Force.   The PUNCH on Thursday gathered that the morale of members of the force was low following the… In "News" Violence that rocked #EndSARS protests across the country worsened on Tuesday with 43  protesters and six policemen losing their lives.   Protesters calling for the disbanding of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad of the Nigeria Police have been carrying out peaceful demonstrations across the country since October 8.   However,… In "Top Stories"