Northern Governors on Tuesday said the Federal Government should provide funding for the establishment of ranches across the region. The Chairman of the Northern Governors’ Forum, Simon Lalong, during an appearance on Channels Television’s News @ 10 said the Governors have been in support of ranching for quite some time. And, with the rise of banditry – which he said was linked to cattle rustling – and the recent quit notices being bandied across the country, ranching offers the “the only way to control the insecurity,” Mr. Lalong said. “We were advising the federal government to also give grants to states that are ready with land,” he said. “We are not saying that it is compulsory for states that are not ready. But many states in the North are ready.  “We need some grants to start so that these people will not be moving here and there. We need to also keep them in one place. It’s business. So definitely, that’s the only way to control the insecurity.” Lalong, who is the Executive Governor of Plateau State, said all stakeholders, including members of cattle herders associations across the country, were on board with the idea of ranching. “But there is this lack of funds to the state, there is lack of encouragement to the state,” he said. For example, Mr. Lalong noted, the Plateau State Government has readied 74,000 hectares for the ranching exercise but needs funding to develop the project. “When you start restricting people, you must provide alternatives,” he said. Channels TV By Chijioke Okoronkwo Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari has expressed surprise that the Super Eagles of Nigeria who at present are participating in the African Cup of Nations in Egypt are being owed allowances. Gov. Simon Lalong of Plateau State disclosed Buhari’s feelings to State House correspondents on Monday after… In "Sports" ABUJA - All the five South-East state governments along with Benue, Taraba and Ondo State governments have rejected President Muhammadu Buhari's plan for Ruga settlements, saying they would not give out their land for herdsmen’s settlements in their states. The Federal Government on Tuesday said in the next five years,… In "Top Stories" State governments on Thursday differed on ranching for herdsmen as a solution to killings and kidnappings by herders. Officials of Oyo, Cross River, Kogi, Enugu, Ondo and Ekiti state governments in separate interviews with The PUNCH, said their states had no plans to establish ranches for herdsmen. But their counterparts… In "News"