Nigeria’s ex-Aviation Minister, Femi Fani-Kayode is not happy with a former senate President following his visit to ex-President Goodluck Jonathan.  This comes after former senate President and ex-Governor of Kwara State, Dr. Bukola Saraki led a team to persuade former President, Goodluck Jonathan not to leave the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP. Saraki is leading the PDP Reconciliation and Strategy Committee to dialogue with aggrieved PDP members in a bid to strengthen the party ahead the 2023 presidential election. But Fani-Kayode said it was Saraki who led a rebellion against Jonathan in 2014 and persuaded PDP governors to defect to the APC. He said Saraki’s action and the defected governors cost Jonathan to lose the 2015 presidential election. Fani-Kayode, though, did not mention Saraki’s name, described as irony the new move by the former Senate President after he bit Jonathan in 2015. “Interesting to note that the man that led the team to GEJ’s house to appeal to him not to leave the PDP yesterday is the same man that led the rebellion against him and the defection of Governors from the same party in 2014 and cost him the 2015 presidential election. What an irony!” he tweeted. Saraki has been making several move at bringing PDP members together to strengthen the bond ahead of the presidency. After meeting with Jonathan with the team, he had also met with all former governors elected under PDP not to defect and to come together to strategise for 2023. “At today’s meeting with the former Governors that have been elected under the platform of the @OfficialPDPNig, they promised the members of the #PDPReconciliation & Strategy Committee that moving forward they will be more active in the affairs of the party at all levels,” Saraki tweeted.  Source ‌ Leaders of the Peoples Democratic Party met with former President Goodluck Jonathan on Tuesday. Former senate president Bukola Saraki made this known via a tweet. The video accompanying the tweet showed Jonathan exchanging pleasantries with the PDP leaders. “You are welcome,” says Jonathan as he received the delegation. Saraki… In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Former Minister of Aviation, Femi-Fani-Kayode has commended President Muhammadu Buhari for the establishment of June 12th as the real Democracy Day in Nigeria, a feat his boss, former President Olusegun Obasanjo and other presidents of People’s Democratic Party extraction had no courage to… In "Top Stories" ABUJA - Mr Femi Fani-Kayode has debunked claims that hate campaign by some members of PDP Presidential Campaign Orgnaisation caused its loss at the March 28 presidential election. Fani-kayode, who served as Director of Media and Publicity of the organisation, spoke with newsmen in Abuja on Tuesday. He said President… In "News"