A northern group has claimed that Governor Rotimi Akeredolu created the southwest security outfit, Amotekun to kill herdsmen and northerners living in the southwest.  The Miyetti Allah Kautal Hore made the allegation through its National Secretary, Saleh Alhassan, according to a report by DailyPost. Alhassan warned that Akeredolu would be held responsible for anything that happens to Northerners and herders residing in the Southwest. The statement reads partly: “Akeredolu created an ethnic militia (Amotekun) that is now unleashing terror and mayhem on innocent herders and northerners living in the south-west against unconstitutional and blanket eviction notices for herders to vacate places where they earn their livelihoods. “Akeredolu will be held accountable for the ongoing genocide against innocent pastoralist and northerners living in the south- west.” Alhassan also accused the governor of being “the brain behind the creation of ‘Amotekun’ allegedly unleashing terror on herders and Northerners in the Southwestern states of Ondo and Oyo.” Meanwhile, Akeredolu had said any cattle found along the streets of Akure the state capital would be arrested. The governor gave the directive while insisting on ban of open grazing in the State. Following alleged criminal activities of suspected herdsmen in the Southwest, some youths of the region had vowed to chase herders out of the Southwest. Popular Yoruba activist, Sunday Igboho had issued a seven-day ultimatum to the Fulani community in Igangan, a town in Ibarapa Local Government Area of Oyo State to vacate the area. He attempted to carry out his to evict the Fulani in the area when he gathered hundreds of his supporters, stormed the community and confronted the Seriki Fulani.  Source National President General of Miyetti Allah Kautal Hore, Bello Abdullahi Bodejo has called on the federal government to arrest Yoruba leaders promoting Operation Amotekun, the Southwest regional security network. The leader of the Fulani socio-cultural association emphasized that the aim of setting up the security outfit was to ban Fulani… In "News" Residents of Oyo state have been warned about the infiltration of armed herdmen into Oyo state. The alarm was raised by Amotekun leader in Oyo State, General Kunle Togun, retd. He said that a large number of fully armed Fulani herders are trooping into the State from foreign lands through… In "News" Owerri - As Miyetti Allah Kautal Hore deploys its vigilantes to protect herdsmen and their cows across the country, heads of regional security network in Southwest states, codenamed ‘Operation Amotekun’ have drawn redlines the cattle breeders private security operatives must not cross in the interest of peace. Pro-Igbo groups like… In "News"