Reports that Lionel Messi has agreed to join PSG or Manchestery City is false.  The Barcelona star while reacting to the report, denied such an agreement existed. He said he is waiting until the end of the season to decide whether to remain with Barcelona. Messi’s contract expires in the summer and he has been linked with several leading European clubs, including the Ligue 1 champions and Manchester City. According to Goal.com, the six time ballon d’or winner has not spoken to PSG, any PSG players or coach Mauricio Pochettino. He also says he has not spoken to Man City boss Pep Guardiola – or any other club about his future. The new report by Goal states that Messi is waiting until the end of the season to decide what to do about his future, and whether to extend his contract with Barcelona, a club he has been at since he was 12. Last summer, Messi attempted to secure his release from his contract at Barcelona by activating a clause in his contract that would have allowed him to walk away for free. But he later agreed to stay with Barcelona for the 2020-21 season, after he was told of the legal ramifications of forcing an exit.  Source Lionel Messi has been told he lacks respect and the only condition that will see him leave Barcelona peacefully is if he pays the club £628million to cancel Barcelona contract, Mirror reports. Reports from tycsports.com indicate that the Argentine maestro made his intentions to leave Barca known via a bureaufax… In "Sports" Barcelona (Spain)  -Miralem Pjanic said he never doubted he would end up playing with Lionel Messi at FC Barcelona this season, when he was presented as the club’s new player on Tuesday. FC Barcelona signed Pjanic from Juventus at the end of June, but Messi’s flirtation with a departure from… In "Sports" Barcelona - Lionel Messi was back training on Saturday, although he did not join the session with his Barcelona team-mates. Messi had missed the Friday session at the club’s Joan Gamper Football City and Barcelona said “the captain has a small muscle contraction in the quadriceps of his right leg`’’.… In "Sports"