By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  Catholic Archbishop of the Metropolitan See of Lagos, His Most Rev. Alfred Adewale Martins has tasked leaders and all Nigerians to imitate God through love, as they celebrate St. Valentine’s Day.Martins, who was represented by the Dean, Ikeja Deanry, Very Rev. Father Patrick Obayomi, during a programme tagged Valentine 2021 Day with the Archbishop with the theme: “Love is tested in the midst of adversity,” where 19 couples renewed their marriage vows, at Catholic Church of the Ascension, Ikeja, Lagos, lamented the state of insecurity in the country. Martins, who condemned Nigerian leaders’ nonchalant attitude, said the country was sitting on a keg of gun powder. He said only love could bind a nation together. “When leaders fold their arms, simply because their family members are not affected in the ongoing mayhem, it shows they do not love their fellow Nigerians, who voted them into power. When they care less for the people they are supposed to protect, they are not emulating God of love, who created man in His image and in sacrificing His only begotten son, ”he said. By Clara Egbogota/Augusta Uchediunor Lagos - The Catholic Archbishop of Lagos, Most Rev. Adewale Martins, has called for love amongst Nigerians so as to overcome the insecurity challenges and other vices in the country. Martins said this on Thursday at the Chrism Mass at Holy Cross Cathedral, Lagos. ”We are… In "News" ...We Charge Less Fees In Our Schools—Archbishop Martins By Sam Eyoboka Abuja (Sundiata Post) - CATHOLIC Archbishop Emeritus of Lagos Metropolitan, Anthony Cardinal Olubunmi Okogie has emphasized the need for Nigerians to insist on educated and tested politicians in the next dispensation of the nation’s political history. Speaking In Lagos… In "Top Stories" LAGOS - The Catholic Archbishop of Lagos, Most Rev. Adewale Martins, on Friday urged the Federal Government to be more proactive in creating jobs for Nigerian youths. Martins told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) that empowering the youths had become necessary, to curb insecurity and criminality. He said that… In "News"