By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –   Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu of Lagos State has eulogised the former governor of the state, late Lateef Jakande, saying that his landmark achievements as governor of this state in education, health, housing, urban renewal and infrastructure will remain touchstones for generations to come. He added that they can only learn from his worthy example and commit themselves to dutifully serving our people. Sanwo-Olu who stated this when he took to his twitter handle, informed that he was at the residence of late elder statesman and first Civilian Governor of Lagos State, Alhaji Lateef Jakande to commiserate with his widow, Mrs Abimbola Jakande, his children and other family members on the passing away of our icon of public service. His tweets read: I was at the residence of late elder statesman and first Civilian Governor of Lagos State, Alhaji Lateef Jakande to commiserate with his widow Mrs Abimbola Jakande, his children and other family members on the passing away of our icon of public service. Baba’s landmark achievements as governor of this state in education, health, housing, urban renewal and infrastructure will remain touchstones for generations to come. We can only learn from his worthy example and commit ourselves to dutifully serving our people. Veteran journalist and former Lagos State Governor Lateef Jakande passed on Thursday. Deputy Editor EMMANUEL OLADESU writes on the life and times of the ‘Action Governor,’ his legacies and lessons for the political classNobody will live forever. But, history will be kind to mortars who left good legacies in their… In "Opinion" Lagos - Governor Akinwunmi Ambode of Lagos State on Thursday described Alhaji Lateef Jakande as a progressive leader and a pacesetter who added value to the face of good governance in the State. Ambode, who was represented by the Deputy Governor, Dr Idiat Adebule, said this at the 86th birthday… In "News" By Folasade Adeniran Lagos - Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu was one Wednesday sworn in as the 15th Governor of Lagos State. Sanwo-olu was sworn in at 11.15a.m., after his deputy, Dr Obafemi Hamzat was sworn in earlier by the Chief Judge of Lagos, Justice Opeyemi Oke. He arrived the Tafawa Balewa… In "News"