Subscribers of 9mobile can now register for their national identification number at the telecommunication company’s outlets in Lagos and Abuja.  The company announced the this through its Chief Commercial Officer, 9mobile, Stjepan Udovicic. Udovicic said: “9mobile will always seek opportunities to collaborate with regulators and other stakeholders on initiatives that will enable Nigerians to achieve their full potential. ”We are pleased to announce the commencement of NIN enrollment at select experience centres duly approved by NIMC to help expand registration access to Nigerians ahead of the new deadline set by the government for the exercise,” Udovicic said. According to him, 9mobile experience centres offering NIN registration includes 43 Adeola Odeku, Victoria Island, Lagos; 31, Marina Road, Marina, Lagos and Royal Plaza, 23 Road by 402 junctions, Festac Town, Lagos. Udovicic said that others include 9mobile Regional Office, 8 Kikuyi close, off Aminu Kano, Wuse 2, Abuja and Plot 1774, Adetokunbo Ademola Crescent, Wuse 2, Abuja. He urged customers and intending enrollees to observe all guidelines for limiting the spread of COVID-19, including wearing of face masks and maintaining social/physical distancing. Udovicic noted that strict observance of guidelines would be fully enforced at the experience centres. He added that 9mobile was working on expanding the NIN registration centres to make them accessible to more Nigerians soon.  Source By Funmilola Gboteku Lagos - 9mobile, a telecommunications company on Sunday says it has partnered with Gravitas, a property and infrastructure development company, to provide exclusive telecommunications services on Gracefield Island. Acting Managing Director of 9mobile, Stephane Beuvelet, made this known in a statement made available to the News Agency… In "News" Telecom operators have unveiled short codes to enable their customers link their National Identity Numbers (NINs) with Subscriber Identity Modules (SIM). This follows the two-week ultimatum handed subscribers and operators by the Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy. Globacom said: “All our esteemed customers can now link their National Identification… In "Technology" Mobile network operators in Nigeria including Airtel and MTN have dismissed claims by subscribers that their SIM cards are being blocked before the deadline set for the linkage with the National Identity Number. The Federal Government through the Nigerian Communication Commission had ordered telecommunications companies to deactivate telephone lines of… In "Features"