A top European club has named Yaya Toure as its assistant coach.  The Ivory Coast and Manchester City icon is now an assistant coach with Ukrainian club side, Olimpik Donetsk.  The former Barcelona man will join the staff under head coach Igor Klimovsky having previously played in Ukraine with the now-defunct Metalurh Donetsk between 2003 and 2005. “I started my professional career in Donetsk – now I am here to start my coaching path,” Toure said on the club’s website. “Of course I know that Olimpik is not Metalurh, but I remember well how friendly and open the people of Donetsk were. I am very impressed by the local people.”To be honest, even my agent was surprised when he found out I wanted to learn to coach in Ukraine, but I was firm in my decision.Ivory Coast and Manchester City icon, Yaya Toure, has been appointed as an assistant coach with Ukrainian club side, Olimpik Donetsk. The former Barcelona man will join the staff under head coach Igor Klimovsky having previously played in Ukraine with the now-defunct Metalurh Donetsk between 2003 and 2005. “I started my professional career in Donetsk – now I am here to start my coaching path,” Toure said on the club’s website. “Of course I know that Olimpik is not Metalurh, but I remember well how friendly and open the people of Donetsk were. I am very impressed by the local people.”To be honest, even my agent was surprised when he found out I wanted to learn to coach in Ukraine, but I was firm in my decision. “It is not so easy to find a place where (you) can calmly, without unnecessary pressure, study, and where you will be accepted as a friend.” “I am confident I can be useful for the Olimpik players, as a professional and a friend,” he said. “To suggest something, share your knowledge and vision of football.” Toure won three Premier League titles with City and two La Liga with Spanish giants Barcelona. He last played for Chinese Super League side, Qingdao Huanghai, before departing the club in January last year.  Source Manchester City legend Yaya Toure is heading into retirement at the age of 35, his agent Dimitri Seluk has revealed. The former Ivory Coast international, who also represented the likes of Barcelona and Monaco at the peak of his career, is set to explore a move into coaching and management.… In "Sports" LONDON  - Manchester City's midfield powerhouse Yaya Toure will leave the club at the end of the season having not been offered a new contract, his agent said on Monday. The 32-year-old Ivory Coast international, who was the African Footballer of the Year four times in a row from 2011,… In "Sports" Manchester United and Manchester City battles for the signature of Fred Shakhtar Donestk announces the Brazilian will head to Manchester Fred scored a stunning free kick against Roma in the Champions League Manchester United and Manchester City have crossed each other's path are they are set to sign Brazilian midfielder… In "Sports"