Three persons were reportedly feared killed by gunmen suspected to be assassins in Nkpor, Idemili North Local Government Area of Anambra.  The deceased were said to be in a meeting within the premises of the community town hall when the suspected assassins, numbering about five, stormed the area.  The Nation gathered three of the gun- welding men moved straight to each of their targets and gunned them down at a close range, which triggered stampede as people scampered for safety. A resident of the area, who preferred anonymity, described the incident as a shock. He said: “What happened here this afternoon took everybody by surprise and as you can see everybody is in fear. The assassins planned this operation very well that they killed all their targets. “Their corpses are still lying there and nobody is ready to near the scene, even the police have not come.” He said two of the deceased were from the area while the other was from the neighbouring Umuoji community. The corpses of the deceased were still at the scene as at the time of filing this report. President General of Nkpor community, Chief Innocent Mbagha, could not be reached for reactions over the incident. Police spokesperson, Haruna Mohammed, promised to get back to the reporter after confirmation but did not as at press time.  Source The bullet-riddled body of Chief Frank Igboka, former Chief Whip of the state House of Assembly, was all policemen of the Anambra State Command, met by the time they responded to the shattering sound of gunfire ripping through the stillness of the night at Nimo, a village a few minutes… In "News" The people of Ubima in Ikwerre Local Government Area of Rivers State have been thrown into mourning following the murder of Mr. Sabinus Odu, an uncle to the state governor, Mr. Rotimi Amaechi. Odu, the Vice-Principal of Community Secondary School, Aluu, was killed earlier in the week by some suspected… In "News" Bloody street brawl between rival cult members has allegedly claimed two lives in Ilorin, Kwara state capital. The incident which took place in Okelele area of the metropolis brings to three the number of cult-related deaths in three days. Members of one of the cult groups had last Sunday killed… In "Metro"