Scores of peaceful protesters have been arrested at the Lekki Toll Gate by security agents. News Express was reliably informed that some of those arrested are Ayoyinka, Christiana, Prince, Samuel, Waliu, Bolanle, Ganiu, Elvis, Ganiu, and Jeffrey, among others. Similarly, Damilare Adenola, who was speaking to a BBCAfrica reporter minutes this morning of Saturday, February 13, 2021, has also been arrested. News Express had earlier reported the arrest of the first set of protesters, among them popular comedian Debo Adebayo aka Mr Macaroni. The arrested protesters were forced inside Black Maria and taken to Adeniji Police Station on the Island part of Lagos. Speaking to News Express on the development, a member of The NCFront and Leaders of Conscience in Nigeria, Wale Okunniyi said: “We demand restraint and decorum from Nigeria’s security agents, especially the police as peaceful protest is a constitutional right of every Nigerian Citizen. It will be disastrous to turn this peaceful assembly of the Nigerian turns to another riot. “The NCFront therefore demands for the immediate release of all those arrested and being currently detained by the police.” Source: News Express DJ Switch has said Lai Mohammed is totally misinformed. Recall that Mohammed, who is Nigeria's Minister of Information and Culture had some days ago said soldiers didn't kill any protester at Lekki toll gate. He called report by CNN detailing how soldiers killed protesters at Lekki toll gate 'fake news'.… In "News" Almost one week after videos and graphic scenes from eyewitnesses and protesters show that security forces dressed in Nigerian army uniform opened fire on unarmed protesters at the Lekki toll gate in Lagos, the governor of the state, Babajide Sanwo-Olu on Monday admitted to Cable News Network (CNN) that, indeed… In "Politics" DJ Switch has said Lai Mohammed is totally misinformed. Recall that Mohammed, who is Nigeria's Minister of Information and Culture had some days ago said soldiers didn't kill any protester at Lekki toll gate. He called report by CNN detailing how soldiers killed protesters at Lekki toll gate 'fake news'.… In "News"