Fire has razed the Kaduna country home of the Secretary-General of the Anglican Communion Worldwide, Archbishop Idowu-Fearon. The Anglican Communion Worldwide is based in London. Idowu-Fearon is also the Chairman of the Kaduna Peace Commission. Our correspondent who could not immediately ascertain when the incident occurred, was on Tuesday told that the four-bedroom duplex which also housed the Centre for Christianity and Islamic Study were razed. Property estimated in millions of naira were destroyed. An eye witness said the inferno was caused by a worker of one of the neighbours of the cleric who engaged in bush burning. “The man (name withheld) was warned not to carry out the bush burning but all the warning fell on deaf ears until the unexpected happened,” the eyewitness said. Another eye witness, Hadiza Haruna, who is the Bishop’s home help said all efforts by the fire servicemen who came with about five trucks to put out the fire, yielded no results. Our correspondent, who visited the scene, saw sympathisers viewing what was left of the razed duplex. Archbishop Fearon, who resides in London, expressed shock and disappointment over the incident. When contacted on the telephone to react on the matter, he said, “Your love & concern are appreciated. May the Lord bless you. You know these uneducated people around us. What does one do other than to just warn and leave them to God? “My library had between 6500- 7000 volumes with almost half on Islamic books and a good number out of print. “God saved the ground floor as a piece of evidence that God approves of our Centre bringing Muslim & Christian leaders to study & share their faith with one another. We give all the glory to God,” he said. (Punch) Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari has congratulated Nigeria's Most Reverend Josiah Idowu-Fearon, on his appointment as the Secretary-General of the Consultative Council of the Anglican Communion Worldwide. In a letter delivered to Dr. Idowu-Fearon in London on Friday on the occasion of his commissioning into the new post, President Buhari… In "News" By Abujah Racheal Abuja -   Archbishop Benjamin Kwashi, Province of Jos, Nigeria, has been announced as the next General Secretary as the Global Anglican Future Conference (GAFCON) Archbishop Foley Beach, the Primate of the Anglican Church in North America, was also announced as the next Chairman of GAFCON. The… In "News" By SundiataPOST, Abuja  The second Global Anglican Future Conference (GAFCON) on Friday in Nairobi resolved to expand its leadership role in supporting and recognising Anglicans in places where Biblical faith has been compromised. A statement issued by the GAFCON secretariat in Nairobi said a meeting of bishops within the conference… In "Sports"