The federal government has been urged to allow Nigerians own guns.  Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State said when Nigerians are given the licence to own guns, the security challenges facing the country, especially the incessant herdsmen/farmers crisis will stop.  The governor made this known on Wednesday while addressing newsmen in Makurdi the State capital. The governor who accused President Muhammadu Buhari of nepotism, said the Federal Government deliberately refused to caution the armed Fulani men against killing innocent Nigerians. He said he had once asked the Federal Government to grant him arm license, adding that “when an armed Fulani man is aware I have a gun, he would be scared of coming close”. He urged the president to live up to his promise of “I belong to everybody and I belong to nobody”, adding that with the current security situation in the country, Buhari is for only the Fulani men. Governor Ortom said: “This country belongs to all of us and the presidency must act fast because time is going. “Why is the Federal Government quiet about this Fulani matter? When will the Federal Government come out to criticize and arrest these Fulani men carrying AK-47? Are we second class citizens in this country?”  Source Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue state has stated that if the Federal government wants peace in the country, the leadership of Miyetti Allah must be arrested. The governor who spoke during a meeting in his state yesterday, February 3, said the members of the group have owned up to carrying… In "Politics" "Useful idiot" is a political term which is often used to describe the misguided supporters of an unreasonable, irrespo­nsible, ill-conceived and ill-advised cause. First coined in wes­tern Europe in the late 19th century, the term was made all the more popular by its usage in Mona Ch­aren's excellent book titled… In "Opinion" Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State and President of the Pentecostal Fellowship of Nigeria, PFN, yesterday threw their full weight behind the Christmas Day message by Catholic Bishop of Sokoto Diocese, Bishop Matthew Kukah, saying it is a true reflection of the current situation in Nigeria. The message has pitched… In "News"