According to Governor Bello Matawalle of Zamfara state, not all bandits are criminals, some are victims of circumstances.  The governor stated this after meeting with President Buhari at the Presidential Villa, Abuja today February 18.  He explained that most of the bandits take up arms due to the injustice meted on them by some members of society. “Not all of them are criminals. If you investigate what is happening, and what made them to take the laws into their hands, some of them, sometimes were cheated by so-called the vigilante group. They normally go to their settlements and destroy property and take their animals. They did not have anyone to speak with, so sometimes, they go for revenge. When the vigilante group attacks them, they go for reprisals. That is exactly what happened Some of them are living in settlements close to villages or towns. When there are military operations, the military will go and destroy their property and animals. They are angry with such actions sometimes. If you are talking to them, you can understand where they are coming from and their problems. It is important for us as leaders to sit down with them and understand what is the genesis. You can’t just conclude that this person is a criminal. You have to listen to him. What led him to go into such activities? It is not all Fulanis that are criminals. Some are good citizens, but due to some circumstances, they subscribed to such criminality but when we had the information, we called their leaders and sat with them, they told us their grudges and we sorted out the way the communities and the Fulanis can resolve their issues without any serious crisis.”he said.  Source Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Anotorious commander of bandits known as Auwalun Daudawa from Gidan Jaja on Monday repented and surrendered the group’s weapons to the Zamfara State Government. Daudawa and members of his group also took an oath to stop banditry and embrace the peace accord instituted by Governor Bello… In "Top Stories" The upper chamber of the National Assembly also berated governors negotiating with bandits, saying such negotiations were fuelling banditry. The senators stated these on Wednesday during an extensive debate on a motion by the Deputy Senate Leader, Ajayi Boroffice, on the growing insecurity in all parts of the country. In… In "Features" Hassan Dantawaye is the commander of bandits who recently renounced violence following peace talks in Zamfara State. The bandits, who are Fulani herdsmen, had been engaged in killing, kidnapping and other crimes, which they blamed on cattle rustling and harassment by security agencies and local vigilance group. Dantawaye tells MAIHARAJI… In "Interview"