Following the high rise of insecurity in the country, the Canadian government has warned its citizens against non-essential travel to Nigeria.  In a travel advisory addressed to its citizens, the country advised its citizens already in Nigeria to avoid travelling to states like Kaduna, Kano, Katsina, Sokoto, Zamfara and Plateau states, Delta, Borno etc. The Canadian authorities stated that there was kidnapping, inter-community clashes, terrorism. The travel advisory read; “Avoid non-essential travel to Nigeria due to the unpredictable security situation throughout the country and the significant risk of terrorism, crime, inter-communal clashes, armed attacks and kidnappings. “Avoid all travel to the following regions due to the risk of terrorism, armed attacks, kidnapping, intercommunal and sectarian violence: The north-western states of Kaduna, Kano, Katsina, Sokoto and Zamfara, the north-central state of Plateau; the north-eastern states of Adamawa, Bauchi, Borno, Gombe, Jigawa and Yobe; the Niger Delta states of Akwa Ibom, Anambra, Bayelsa, Delta, Imo and Rivers (with the exception of Rivers’ capital city, Port Harcourt, where we advise against non-essential travel). “The decision to travel is your choice and you are responsible for your personal safety abroad.”  Source By Emma Ujah, Abuja — The United States of America has warned its citizens against travelling to 20 states in Nigeria due to security concerns. According to the travel advice on the Department of State’s website, the North-Eastern states of Borno, Yobe and Adamawa, where the Boko Haram terrorists were… In "Top Stories" The UK Foreign and Commonwealth Office on Tuesday gave a warning to its citizens on travel to some Nigerian states. Around 117,000 British nationals visit Nigeria each year. A statement on the UK government website said all travel to Borno, Yobe, Adamawa, Gombe, Delta, Bayelsa, Rivers, Akwa Ibom, Cross River… In "Top Stories" CONAKRY  - Workers at an AngloGold Ashanti gold mine in eastern Guinea are on strike in a dispute over year-end bonuses, Saadou Nimaga, secretary general of the ministry of mines, said on Sunday. "The strike was triggered about a week ago but we are organising negotiations," Nimaga told Reuters. Miners… In "Business"