By Tony Ailemen ABUJA – Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Zainab Ahmed, on Thursday said the federal government would raise a supplementary budget in March to cover cost of procuring vaccines and vaccination of Nigerians against the coronavirus. Ahmed disclosed this at the maiden special media briefing by the MDAs organised by the Presidential Communications Team at the Presidential Villa, Abuja. The minister, who noted that there is no provision in the 2021 budget to fund the acquisition of COVID-19 vaccines, said government will also carryout a mid year budget review in June. “There will be a supplementary budget, the first one will be in March relating the COVID-19 pandemic but we will also have a mid-year review like we did last year of the budget and if at the time we do the review and there is a need to go back to do any amendment for supplementary budget, at that time we will take that decision, if not, we will just report the review” On World Bank Support Facility for the 2021 budget, Zainab disclosed that Nigeria closed 2020 by being able to realise $3.4billion from IMF, $600million from AfDB. The minister also disclosed that the Federal Government would soon issue orders mandating Ministries, Department and Agencies (MDAs) to buy locally manufactured vehicles. According to her, the policy to mandated MDAs to procure vehicles from local manufacturers will soon be sent to the Federal Executive Council FEC for approval. She said the measure was part of government plans to control inflation in the country.Already,government had reduced duties on imported vehicles from 35 to 5% with a view to lessening the high cost of transportation, which in turn, impact of inflation. The minister revealed that local auto manufacturers produce only 50,000 vehicles per annum as against annual requirements of about 750,000 Zainab who traced current food inflation which is 16.47% to transport costs, said the decision to reduce duty on imported vehicles was aimed at reducing inflation. According to her, patronising locally made vehicles will mitigate against dumping due to reduced duties. The minister affirmed that the federal government is committed to purchasing locally made goods and vehicles and would engage with state governments to ensure that they do same so as to encourage local production. On the new import duty policy, she said that the Nigeria Customs Service has already directed all its outposts to commence its implementation. The Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Zainab Ahmed, on Thursday, said the Federal Government would prepare a supplementary budget to be sent to the National Assembly to cater for COVID-19 vaccines and vaccination. She said the fiscal document would be prepared in March. Ahmed spoke at the maiden… In "News" The federal government has made provision in the 2021 budget to pay for the vaccination of around 103 million Nigerians or 50 percent of the population against COVID-19. Director General of the Budget Office of the Federation Ben Akabueze made this disclosure in Abuja on Tuesday during the budget 2021… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate leadership on Monday met with representatives of the Executive arm of Government in a move that would see to the purchase of the COVID-19 vaccines next year by the Federal Government.  The meeting which lasted about two hours thirty minutes was… In "Top Stories"