The Federal Executive Council (FEC) has approved the establishment of additional 20 private universities across the country. The Minister of Education, Adamu Adamu, revealed this while briefing the State House correspondents on the outcome of the Council meeting, presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari in Abuja on Wednesday. According to Adamu, the approved universities will get their provisional licences from the National Universities Commission (NUC), which they will use for the next three years while monitoring and evaluation will go on. The approved universities are: 1. Topfaith University, Mkpatak, Akwa Ibom,2. Thomas Adewumi University, Oko-Irese, Kwara,3. Maranathan University, Mgbidi, Imo,4. Ave Maria University, Piyanko, Nasarawa State5. Al-Istiqama University, Sumaila, Kano State6. Mudiame University, Irrua, Edo,7. Havilla University, Nde-Ikom, Cross River,8. Claretian University of Nigeria, Nekede, Imo ,9. NOK University, Kachia, Kaduna State10. Karl-Kumm University, Vom, Plateau11. James Hope University, Lagos, Lagos State12. Maryam Abacha American University of Nigeria, Kano, Kano State13. Capital City University, Kano, Kano State14. Ahman Pategi University, Pategi, Kwara15. University of Offa, Offa, Kwara, also got provisional approval16. Mewar University, Masaka, Nasarawa State17. Edusoko University, Bida, Niger18. Philomath University, Kuje, Abuja19. Khadija University, Majia, Jigawa20. Anan University, Kwall, PlateauNine of the private universities are located in North Central, three in South South, two in South East, five in the North West and one in South West. With the approval of additional 20 universities, Nigeria now has 99 private universities. The Nation ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The Federal Executive Council (FEC), presided over by President Goodluck Jonathan, has approved the issuance of ‎provisional licence for the establishment of two new private universities in the country. They are the Edwin Clarke University, situated in Kiagbodo, Delta State and the Hezekiah University in Umudi,… In "News" The Council of Legal education has released a list of accredited universities and approved faculties of Law in Nigeria. The list which was signed its Secretary and Director of Administration of the Council revealed that only University of Lagos (UNILAG) has full accreditation to offer Law among public and private… In "Education" By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - The Federal Executive Council (FEC) on Wednesday in Abuja approved the establishment of four new private universities in Kaduna, Oyo, Ogun and Osun states. The Minister of Education, Adamu Adamu, confirmed this when he briefed State House correspondents at the end of the first meeting… In "Education"