A man identified as Rabiu Ibrahim has filed a criminal case against Salihatu Hussain in a Sharia Court in Sabon Gari, Kaduna State.  The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Ibrahim, on December 12, 2020, approached the court, seeking intervention against the claims that Hussaini lied against him and that he was not responsible for her pregnancy. The Presiding Judge, Alhaji Shitu Umar, adjourned the matter after Ibrahim Ahmed, Counsel for Hussain told the court that his client has withdrawn the application to convert the civil case to a criminal one. Umar prayed the court to give Ibrahim the opportunity to prove his case. Counsel to Ibrahim, Abdulbasit Aliyu, told the court that he had no objection to the position of the defendant. He added that he needs a short adjournment to enable him present his witnesses. NAN also reports that on Dec. 12, 2020, Ahmed, applied that the civil claim by the plaintiff should be converted to a criminal claim. This, he said, is to enable the defendant to enjoin some judicial remedies against the plaintiff.  [NAN] By Mohammed Lawal Zaria (Kaduna State) - Sen. Ahmed Makarfi, Acting PDP National Chairman, on Monday dragged one Alhaji Isa Abdullahi and 21 others of Kada-Kada village in Kudan Local Government Area of Kaduna State to an Upper Sharia Court I in Zaria over alleged trespass. The News Agency of… In "News" By Sani Abdulrahman Kaduna - Maijidda Abdulmumini on Friday brought her former husband, Abubakar Sulaiman, before a Sharia Court 1 in Magajin Gari, Kaduna State, over alleged N250,000 arrears of maintaining her pregnancy. The plaintiff, Abdulmumini, through her counsel, B.M. Jino, told the court that they were seeking N250,000 for… In "Metro" By Aisha Gambo Kaduna -   A Kaduna Sharia Court sitting at Magajin Gari on Wednesday ruled that one Ibrahim Musa was the father of the four-month-old baby girl delivered by his wife, Aisha Buhari. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Aisha had on July 2, dragged her… In "Metro"