Ifon community chiefs in the Ose Local Government Area of Ondo State say they have been invited to Abuja by the police for allegedly killing a cow belonging to a herdsman identified as Abdullahi, an allegation they described as false.  However, the police have made no arrests for the murder of the town’s monarch, Olufon of Ifon, Oba Israel Adeusi, who was killed on November 26, 2020.  The chiefs stated this in a letter to the Inspector-General of Police, Mohammed Adamu, dated February 19, 2021, and signed by Olowolafe & Co solicitors on their behalf.  The invited chiefs were identified as Mr Olaniyi Olotu, the Secretary of the Ifon Council of Chiefs; Chief Olijewu, Saliu Omotosho, Chief Ekon and the Chief Hunter of the community, According to a previous letter dated February 2, 2020, and signed by the Deputy Commissioner of Police, Force Intelligence Bureau, Kolo Yusuf, the Ondo chiefs were asked to report to Abuja on March 15, 2021.  The letter of invitation which is marked 3000/FIB/STS/FHQ/ABJ/TA/Vol.5/259 stated that the Ondo chiefs were being probed for attempted kidnapping, mischief and criminal conspiracy. The letter read in part, “This office is investigating a case of criminal conspiracy, mischief, threat to life and attempted kidnapping that your name featured. You are kindly requested to interview the undersigned officer on March 15, 2021, by 10.00hrs for fact-finding through DSP Ibrahim Magu.”  ‌In their response signed by their lawyer, the Ondo chiefs said they had nothing to do with the killing of cows since it did not happen in their community but a neighbouring town. They, however, said it was saddening that the police that had not arrested anyone for the murder of their monarch would take the killing of cows more seriously. The community leaders said the police invitation is an attempt by herdsmen to get back at the community for exposing their murderous ways. The letter read in part, “As a prelude to these invitations, one Fulani herdsman called Abdullahi had on January 6, 2021, reported at the police station in Ifon that the community killed his cow. It was in the course of police investigating this allegation of killing Abdullahi’s cow that our clients’ leaders who are now being invited by the police were first invited.  “These community leaders denied any involvement in the allegation that the man’s cow was killed and also told the police that the place where the alleged killing took place was not part of Ifon land and had nothing to do with them or the community they represent. “It came as a surprise that on February 4, 2021, these same community leaders were invited again to the police station in Ifon on the same allegations.”  Source ....Calls For Special Recruitment And Promotions’ To Correct The Imbalances By Chibuike Nwabuko Anuka (Sundiata Post) - Int’l Society for Civil Liberties & Rule of Law (Intersociety) has written a strong worded protest letter wherein it raised the alarm that the southeast is in a verge of being wiped out… In "News" Some suspected killers of the traditional ruler of Ifon in Ose local government, Oba Israel Adeusi, the Olufon of Ifon, have been arrested. Identity of the suspects was yet to be made public because of the ongoing investigation into the killing. They were arrested by a combine team of security… In "News" According to a report by The Nation, some of the suspected killers of Oba Israel Adeusi, the Olufon of Ifon who was the traditional ruler of Ifon in Ose local government, have been arrested. Identity of the suspects was yet to be made public because of the ongoing investigation into… In "News"