The upper chamber of the National Assembly, the senate has issued an arrest warrant for the members and management of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC).  The order was given by Chairman of the Senate Committee on Public petition, Ethics and Privileges Senator Ayo Akinyelure after the management failed to honour the invitation of the Senate panel to account for how the sum of N2.6 billion palliative fund which was released by the Federal Government was spent. The Senate panel which began the investigation of the alleged misappropriation of N2.6 billion palliative fund has been finding it difficult to have the NDDC management interrogated. The petition was at the instance of the NDDC palliative Chairman, Mr Jackrich Sobomabo who insisted that the fund which was supposed to be disbursed under his supervision was diverted by the NDDC management. Speaking after the warrant of arrest, Mr. Jackrich Sobomabo lamented how he put his effort and resources the management of the palliative before the NDDC management allegedly misappropriated the funds. “I was appointed the palliative Chairman, but when the sum of N2.6 billion was released by the Federal Government, the NDDC management spent the fund without my knowledge. “It’s unfortunate that they have been evasive when the Senate Committee wanted them to come and explain how the fund was spent. “If they eventually come around and explain satisfactorily, I will be alright, but they must appear to explain how the fund was disbursed. He expressed optimism that the Nigerian Senate would bring the perpetrators to book.  Source The Senate yesterday gave a commitment to probe the N6.25 billion allegedly spent on COVID-19 palliatives by the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) in 2020. The Senate consequently has summoned NDDC new management to appear on February 22, 2021 through its committee on Ethics, Privileges and Public Petitions. Chairman of… In "Politics" By Philomina Attah Abuja - The Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Commission (ICPC) says it recently quizzed top officials of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) over various allegations of corruption. Mrs Azuka Ogugua, Spokesperson of the Commission, said this in a statement on Saturday in Abuja. Ogugua… In "News" It was yet another shocking revelation, at the Senate hearing, at the National Assembly that the Interim Management Committee (IMC) of the troubled Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) led by Professor Pondei Kemebradikumo allocated about N1.3 billion to themselves as palliatives since the outbreak of the Coronavirus pandemic. As a… In "Opinion"