Nigerian musician and reality star, Laycon has again spoken about the ugly incident in the BBNaija house that led to the disqualification of ex-housemate, Erica.  He broke his silence as five episodes of his anticipated reality show, ‘I am Laycon’ premiered exclusively on Showmax today, February 11, 2021.  The Showmax kicked off with its first episode shedding light on the rapper’s love turn sour relationship with disqualified housemate, Erica Nlewedim. According to the rapper, he tried to move on when he realized she couldn’t reciprocate his feelings. However being enclosed in a space with twenty housemates made keeping to himself quite difficult. “So in a house, where we were just twenty of us and I’m sorry, how was I supposed to deal with that issue if not talk about it? Cause even when I’m outside the house, I talked about it. “I needed space, I need space. I try to give space as much as possible but in the house…that we were together in, that was hard for me. And talking about it kind of helped me mentally go through it. So, that’s that”, he said. The very many fans of Big Brother Naija reality show have called for the disqualification of Erica over death threats against Laycon. Recall that Erica who already has two strikes from previous offenses threatened to kill Laycon outside the house. The Abia born stressed that she will make sure Laycon… In "Entertainment" BBNaija housemate, Praise has advised Laycon to move ahead with his feeling for Erica. This comes after Laycon had declared his intention to be in a relationship with Erica. However, Erica turned him down saying she is only mentally attracted to him. Laycon since then has suffered rejection and has… In "Entertainment" BBNaija Housemate, Kiddwaya opened up to his lover Erica what he will do if she decides to date Laycon, who is also her love interest. Kiddwaya said he would always be there for her for emotional support. He made this known to her during a conversation the their Head of… In "Entertainment"