An Ogba Magistrates’ Court, Lagos on Wednesday ordered a DNA test to be conducted on Oluwafifehanmi, the daughter of a Nollywood star, Ronke Odusanya.  The trial Magistrate, Ms. M. O. Tanimola, gave the order while ruling on an application brought before her court by Olanrewaju Saheed, the estranged lover of Odusanya. The daughter of the estranged couple, was born in 2019. The popular actress and the father of her child, Olanrewaju Saheed, also known as Jago, are currently in court for several reasons including the welfare and custody of their daughter. During proceedings on Wednesday, Saheed, through his lawyer, requested the court to order a DNA test to ascertain the paternity of the child. Shaeed’s application was based on the grounds of suspicion of alleged infidelity on the part Odusanya. The actress and her lawyer agreed to the request on the condition that the DNA fees and other bills be footed by Saheed. The actress’ lawyer also pleaded with the court to ensure it is a court-supervised DNA test. Ms Tanimola, ruling, decided on an undisclosed hospital on Lagos Island for the test to be done, and for the results to be sent directly to the court. She adjourned the case till March 31, for further hearing.  Source According to a report by PREMIUM TIMES, a Magistrates Court in Lagos State has ordered that a DNA paternity test be conducted on the daughter of Ronke Odusanya, a Yoruba movie star. M. O. Tanimola, the magistrate, gave the order on Wednesday when the case was brought before her at… In "Metro" A widow accused of trying to force another man's child on her late husband has sued Mohammed Adamu, inspector-general of Police (IGP), for ordering that a DNA test be conducted on the nine-year-old son Chidera Ekwerekwu to ascertain the paternity of the child. Ndidiamaka Ekwerekwu is already in a serious… In "News" By Aisha Gambo Kaduna - A Sharia court ll sitting at Magajin Gari, Kaduna on Thursday ordered a DNA test to be conducted to determine the biological father of a three-year-old. The judge Musa Sa’ad- Goma, gave the order after the complainant, Ramatu Yakubu and Jibril Bajeh, the defendant agreed… In "Metro"