Some fresh details have been revealed about the case against Instagram influencer, Ramon Abbas, fondly referred to as Hushpuppi. According to the United State of America’s Department of Justice, Hushpuppi laundered money for North Korean hackers. The revelation was known when federal prosecutors in Los Angeles unsealed a case against one Ghaleb Alaumary, 37, of Mississauga, Ontario, Canada for his role as a money launderer for the North Korean conspiracy, among other criminal schemes. Alaumary agreed to plead guilty to conspiracy to engage in money laundering, a charge contained in a criminal information filed in the United States District Court in Los Angeles on November 17, 2020. Alaumary was a prolific money launderer for hackers engaged in ATM cash-out schemes, cyber-enabled bank heists, business email compromise (BEC) schemes, and other online fraud schemes. Alaumary is also being prosecuted for his involvement in a separate BEC scheme by the United States Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of Georgia. During Alaumary’s confession, he fingered Hushpuppi as one of his co-conspirators. The document read in part, ” With respect to the North Korean co-conspirators’ activities, Alaumary organized crews of co-conspirators in the United States and Canada to launder millions of dollars obtained through ATM cash-out operations, including from BankIslami and a bank in India in 2018. “Alaumary also conspired with Ramon Olorunwa Abbas, aka ‘Ray Hushpuppi’, and others to launder funds from a North Korean-perpetrated cyber-enabled heist from a Maltese bank in February 2019. “Last summer, the US Attorney’s Office in Los Angeles charged Abbas in a separate case, alleging that he conspired to launder hundreds of millions of dollars from BEC frauds and other scams.” Source Other deals exposedFaces 20 years jail in USBut for his arrest in Dubai on June 10, 2020, suspected Nigerian fraudster Ramon Olorunwa Abbas a.k.a. Hushpuppi would by now have gone far in his plan to swindle an English premiership club of £100 million (approximately $124 million), according to US prosecutors.… In "News" The US Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) has revealed the mode of operation through which the suspected Nigerian swindler Ramon Olorunwa Abbas alias Hushpuppi, and his gang were tracked until he was arrested in Dubai, United Arabs Emirates (UAE) on June 10. Special agent Andrew John Innocenti, in an affidavit… In "News" A photo has surfaced showing a former Nigerian lawmaker, senator Dino Melaye enjoying a meal with alleged fraudster, Hushpuppi said to have duped over a million perople. Hushpuppi is currently in the United States after being arrested in Dubai for duping people and companies millions of dollars. $40m in cash… In "News"