By Chibuike NwabukoAbuja (Sundiata Post) – President of the Senate, Dr. Ahmad Lawan, has appealed to President Muhammadu Buhari to forward the nomination of an indigene from the Federal Capital Territory as a non-career ambassador to the upper chamber for screening and confirmation. Lawan made the appeal on Wednesday during plenary following a protest on the floor by Senator representing FCT, Philip Aduda, over the continuous exclusion of a nominee from the FCT in previous nominations forwarded by President Buhari.Rising under Order 43 of the Senate Standing Rules, Senator Aduda said, “Mr. President, Distinguished Colleagues, I did yesterday raise some issues with you, Your Excellency, about the issue of the appointment of ambassadors. “Your Excellency, I’ve consistently mentioned that before now we used had a non-career ambassador for the FCT.“But when the first list came, the FCT was omitted. The second list came, the FCT was omitted; and then we have another opportunity where the FCT is supposed to be represented but it has still been omitted.“Your Excellency, this gives us worry in the FCT, because it is showing that maybe it is Federal Character, or something is wrong somewhere. “Mr. President, we know that the President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria has the power to hire and fire, but Mr. President, we urge you as our leader and Speaker of the people of the FCT, and indeed, the President, who incidentally by the Constitution – Section 299 – happens to be the Governor of the FCT, that in making nominations, he should look at us and please grant us our heart desire which is to have a non-career ambassador for the FCT.“Indeed, the opportunity has come again, when some ambassadorial nominees have been submitted, and the Committee will be doing its work very soon.“We want to crave the indulgence of this Senate, and it is a constitutional matter. Mr. President, my Distinguished Colleagues, here I come again today with the hope that we will get support from our State House of Assembly, which is the National Assembly, and indeed the Senate with you as Chairman, to intervene in this matter and ensure that the people of the FCT have a non-career ambassador.”In his response, the Senate President, Ahmad Lawan, appealed to President Buhari to send in a nomination for the FCT in the fifth non-career ambassadors list to be forwarded to the National Assembly for screening and confirmation.  Lawan said, “As speaker of the FCT House of Assembly and as members of the FCT House of Assembly, we are appealing to the Executive to send the nomination of a non-career ambassadorial nominee for the FCT in the fifth and final phase.” By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - President, Muhammadu Buhari Wednesday presented the list 42 ambassadorial nominees to the Senate for approval. One of the nominees from the Federal Capital Territory, Abuja, was appointed as career ambassador, while the rest are non-career nominees. Former minister, Ademola Seriki (Lagos) made the… In "Top Stories" Gen Abayomi G. Olonisakin (Rtd ), Lt Gen Tukur Y. Buratai (Rtd), Vice Admiral Ibok-Ete Ibas (Rtd), Air Marshal Sadique Abubakar (Rtd), and Air Vice Marshal Mohammed S. Usman (Rtd) ABUJA - President Muhammadu Buhari has forwarded the names of the immediate past Service Chiefs to the Senate as non-career… In "Top Stories" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - A Federal High Court sitting in Abuja has fixed January 20, 2016 for ruling on the suit filed against the Federal Government by natives of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) over the refusal to grant them a ministerial slot in the Federal Executive Council (FEC) among… In "News"