A complainant in a criminal case between the Commissioner of Police and one Osalusi Micheal, Mr. Fesobi Adeyemo, has kicked over move by immediate past Attorney General and Commissioner for Justice in Ondo State, Sir Charles Titiloye, to take over prosecution of the case. Adeyemo, in a petition to Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu, said Sir Titiloye was the Counsel to Osalusi, the accused person, before he was appointed and had also cross examined the Investigating Police Officer. He stated that he has not requested for Titiloye to take over prosecution of the case. According to him, “While I know that under the law, the Attorney General can take over a case but not in this circumstance. It is an abuse of power and unethical behaviour of the Attorney General to do so when he has vested interest in the matter since he is the Counsel for the defendant. “He has not sent a lawyer from the Ministry of Justice to take over the case. He urged Governor Akeredolu to cause investigation to prevent perversion of justice. Titiloye however described the petition as highly mischievous and aimed at embarrassing him. He stated that lawyers in his chambers continued prosecution of the case after he was appointed Attorney General and Commissioner for Justice. He denied sending any lawyer from the Ministry of Justice to take over prosecution of the case saying was the Department of Public Prosecution that approached the court for the purpose of giving legal advice on the case. Titiloye said he never acted unethically adding that he would never be intimidated. The Nation Details have emerged on why Ondo State Attorney-General and Commissioner for Justice, Kolawole Olawoye, was on Monday morning sacked by Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu. Olawoye was replaced with Sir Charles Titiloye, a human rights lawyer. Chief Press Secretary to Governor Akeredolu, Segun Ajiboye, in a press statement said Titiloye was a… In "News" The Ondo State Council of Obas, on Thursday, called on the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.) to caution his aides who comment on security of the country. The traditional rulers, who reacted over the comments made by some aides of the President on the order of Akeredolu ejecting the… In "Politics" By Kolade Adeyemi Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Police in Kano state will henceforth be exonerated from handling criminal prosecutions on behalf of the state in magistrates’ courts in the ancient city. Kano state Attorney-General and Commissioner of Justice, Ibrahim Mukhtar, who made this known on Sunday in Kano, explained that,… In "Top Stories"