By YINKA ADENIRAN, Ibadan IBADAN – Police authorities in Oyo state on Saturday confirmed the arrest of three operatives of the Oyo State Security Network codenamed Amotekun Corps. But, the Command was silent on the alleged shooting of another Amotekun operative by a DPO. Police Public Relations Officer, Oyo Command, Olugbenga Fadeyi, said the police only responded to a report from the Secretary of Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association (MACBAN), Oroji Allah, on an alleged plot by the Amotekun operatives to burn down the Gaa Fulani in Orile Igbon. Fadeyi explained the team of officers was sent to the scene to bring the operatives to the station so that the matter could be resolve by the DPO. He alleged Amotekun operatives, numbering about 30, later invadedPolice authorities in Oyo state on Saturday confirmed the arrest of three operatives of the Oyo State Security Network codenamed Amotekun Corps. But, the Command was silent on the alleged shooting of another Amotekun operative by a DPO. Police Public Relations Officer, Oyo Command, Olugbenga Fadeyi, said the police only responded to a report from the Secretary of Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association (MACBAN), Oroji Allah, on an alleged plot by the Amotekun operatives to burn down the Gaa Fulani in Orile Igbon. Fadeyi explained the team of officers was sent to the scene to bring the operatives to the station so that the matter could be resolve by the DPO. He alleged Amotekun operatives, numbering about 30, later invaded the station and conducted themselves in an unruly and riotous manner. Fadeyi said: “It was a report from the Secretary of Miyetti Allah, one, Oroji Allah ‘m’ at Orile Igbon Police Station that some Amotekun operatives planned to set ablaze Fulani Igaa. “A team of Policemen was sent to the scene and brought them to the station for amicable settlement by the DPO. “Not too long, Amotekun corps numbering about 30 invaded the station and conducted themselves in an unruly and riotous manner. “Three of them were arrested. “The Area Commander Ogbomoso is handling the matter.” Fac the station and conducted themselves in an unruly and riotous manner. Fadeyi said: “It was a report from the Secretary of Miyetti Allah, one, Oroji Allah ‘m’ at Orile Igbon Police Station that some Amotekun operatives planned to set ablaze Fulani Igaa. “A team of Policemen was sent to the scene and brought them to the station for amicable settlement by the DPO. “Not too long, Amotekun corps numbering about 30 invaded the station and conducted themselves in an unruly and riotous manner. “Three of them were arrested. “The Area Commander Ogbomoso is handling the matter.” (The Nation) The hope of cementing mutual working relationship between officers of the Nigerian Police and operatives of the Oyo State Security Network codenamed Amotekun Corps might have suffered a slight set as a police officer has allegedly shot at Amotekun operatives with one sustaining gunshot wound in Oyo state. The incident,… In "News" Operatives of Oyo State Security Network Agency codenamed Amotekun Corps have intercepted a truck loaded with about 80 men suspected to be Fulani herdsmen at Iwo Road area of Ibadan, the Oyo State capital. The truck was stopped by personnel of Amotekun Corps and a quick search revealed some bows,… In "News" Forty-seven Fulani men armed with guns and other weapons have been arrested in Igangan, Oyo State, by men of Operation Burst, which is a joint security team of soldiers and policemen. Our correspondent gathered that the suspects were arrested in the early hours of Sunday by the Ofiki River along… In "News"