Bandits have killed three persons in Mariri District of Lere Local Government and Randagi village of Birnin-Gwari Local Government area of Kaduna. Commissioner for Internal Security and Home Affairs, Samuel Aruwan confirmed the development in a statement on Tuesday. He said the military under the auspices of Operation Safe Haven (OPSH) reported the attack to the state government. The Commissioner however stated that investigations into the incidents were ongoing, as troops intensify patrols in the affected areas. Aruwan said a report from security operatives stated the attackers numbering about six, masked and dressed in black, invaded the community late on Monday night and began shooting sporadically. Troops upon receiving a distress call mobilized to the location and engaged the assailants who then fled into the forest. However, two citizens had already been killed identified as Sale Muhammad and Aguno Bawuro, Aruwan added. The commissioner said there was another attack on Randagi village in Birnin Gwari local government area where one Dantani Maifaskari was killed and some others injured by bandits, who also looted shops in the area. He however stated prompt response by the military in the air and on the ground helped immensely in knocking back the bandits in the area. He added: “In a separate incident, the military also reported that unidentified youths attacked a herders’ settlement in Kurmin Bi village of Zangon Kataf local government area. “According to the report, the attack was an apparent reprisal to the earlier attack on Wawan Rafi in the same local government in which one person was killed and several injured by armed bandits. “The herders in the settlement escaped but six cows were killed by the attackers, with four others injured. A house was also burnt down within the settlement. “Governor Nasir El-Rufai expressed sadness at the reports, and prayed for the repose of the souls of those killed by the suspected robbers in Lere local government area, and the bandits in Birnin Gwari. “He also appreciated the maturity and understanding being shown by Birnin Gwari community, and assured them that the government and security agencies will continue to work on the security situation in the Birnin Gwari general area. “Commenting on the reprisal attack in Kurmin Bi, the Governor enjoined all residents to embrace recourse to the law, rather than launch perceived counter attacks. He tasked the security agencies to step up investigations and stabilize the area,” Aruwan said. The Nation Gunmen have killed three persons in separate attacks in Kaduna. They killed a driver and caused accidents, which left many injured on Monday night. The bandits were however repelled by security operatives from kidnapping any of the travellers. But they regrouped around 2:00am on Tuesday and descended on Maigiginya community… In "News" Some unknown gunmen have invaded the residence of a traditional ruler and shot him dead. The tragic incident happened in Kaduna. According to TheCable, Haruna Kuye, district head of Gidan Zaki, Zangon Kataf local government area of Kaduna state was killed in the early hours of Tuesday. Kuye and his… In "News" Bandits have killed four people in Chikun Local Government Area and two others and in various attacks in Giwa Local Government Area of Kaduna state. A statement signed by Kaduna state Commissioner for Internal Security and Home Affairs, Mr Samuel Aruwan on Saturday said that eight other persons were injured… In "News"