The Minister of State, Petroleum Resources, Chief Timipre Sylva has admonished Nigerians to be ready to bear the pains of increased petrol pump price as crude oil price climbs above $60 per barrel. Speaking at the official launch of Nigerian Upstream Cost Optimisation Program on Tuesday, Sylva said with no provision of subsidy in the 2021 budget, Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, NNPC, cannot continue to bear the cost of under-recovery. Presently, the pump price of petrol ranges from N160 –N165, the price set when crude traded just above $43 per barrel, four months ago. According to the Minister, while government revenue has improved by the rise in crude oil price, it cannot be fretted away in subsidy payment. He said: “Since we are optimizing everything, NNPC needs to also think about the optimization of product cost because as we all know oil prices are where they are today, $60. “As desirable as this is, this has serious consequences as well on product prices. So we want to take the pleasure and we should as a country be ready to take the pain. “Today the NNPC is taking a big hit from this. We all know that there is no provision in the budget for subsidy. “So, somewhere down the line, I believe that the NNPC cannot continue to take this blow. There is no way because there is no provision for it. “As a country, let us take the benefits of the higher crude oil prices and I hope we will also be ready to take a little pain on the side of higher product prices,” he stated. The Nation ‌The sustained increase in global crude oil prices has pushed up the landing cost of imported petrol closer to the current pump prices of the product in Nigeria, and appears to have triggered a return to petrol subsidy era, ’FEMI ASU reports. Since November 13, 2020 when the pump prices… In "Business" By Edith Ike-Eboh Abuja - The Minister of State for Petroleum Resources, Chief Timipre Sylva, has reiterated that the federal government is no longer fixing the pump price of petroleum products in the country. Sylva made this known while briefing newsmen on the increase in the pump price of Premium… In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has described the new pump price of petrol as announced Tuesday by the Federal Government as a continuation of the All Progressives Congress (APC) government by deception. ‎ The PDP, in a statement by its National Publicity Secretary, Chief Olisa Metuh… In "Politics"