Following his arrest, the former Imo State governor and Senator, Rochas Okorocha has warned Imo state governor, Hope Uzodinma, saying he is a man of peace but he should not take his calmness for granted. He stated this while addressing his supporters on Monday, February 22.  Recall that on Sunday, February 21, Okorocha and some of the state government officials clashed when he reopened the Royal Palm Hotel and Apartment owned by his wife, Nkechi, that was sealed by the state government. Okorocha was arrested by the state police command on the order of the state government. Speaking to his supporters on Monday, Okorocha said the state government should not take his calmness for granted. ”I have told averybody that I am a man of peace but Hope Uzodinma must never take my calmness and my peaceful disposition for granted. Enough is Enough. I governed this Imo state for 8 years. There was no record of me arresting anybody. I was the most abused governor. People abused me but I never in anyway or anyday arrested a man” he said A post shared by Lindaikejiblog (@lindaikejiblogofficial) The leadership of Ohanaeze Ndigbo led by a factional President, Uche Okwukwu has condemned the physical assault on former governor of Imo State, Sen. Rochas Okorocha by ‘agents’ of Imo State governor; Sen. Hope Uzodinma while effecting arrest of the former governor. In statement personally signed by Okwukwu on Monday… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Action Alliance (AA) governorship candidate in the last election in Imo State, Chief Uche Nwosu has said that he will support anybody who wins the governorship election petition at the Supreme Court. Nwosu dropped the hint in his New year message in Abuja,… In "Top Stories" The South-East Governors Forum has waded into the impasse between the Imo Governor, Hope Uzodinma, and the state’s former governor, Rochas Okorocha. A squabble ensued between both sides’ supporters on February 21 when Okorocha allegedly broke into the Royal Spring Palm Apartment, Owerri, sealed by the Imo State Government on… In "Politics"