Shehu Sani, a former Nigerian senator has wondered why the Central Bank of Nigerian placed a ban on crypto currency transactions or payments for crypto exchanges in Nigeria.  The former senator said the government’s decision is tantamount to running backwards. He condemned the CBN’s directive on his Twitter page, wondering why the decision was taken. The Central Bank of Nigeria had in a circular signed by the Director of Banking Supervision, Bello Hassan directed all Financial Institutions to close the accounts of those engaged in crypto transactions. The apex bank also threatened severe regulatory sanctions on institutions that may breach its directive. Shehu’s tweet read: “Why the ban on Cryptocurrency? Why are we running backwards? Meanwhile, some Nigerians have insinuated that the new directive is a plan by the government to stop another protest like the ‘EndSARS’ from reoccurring in the country. Recall some accounts belonging to sponsors of the End SARS protest were blocked by the CBN in 2020. As at the time of filing this report, it was still not clear why the apex bank gave the directives despite the recession in the country.  Source By Racheal Ishaya Abuja -  The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has again cautioned Nigerians to be wary of investments in crypto currency as they are virtual currencies that are not legal tender in Nigeria. The Bank’s Acting Director, Corporate Communications, Mr Isaac Okoroafor, in a statement on Wednesday in… In "Business" By Olawunmi Ashafa   Lagos   -    As Nigerians continue to seek ways of making more money, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has cautioned against investments in crypto currency, maintaining that virtual currencies were not legal tender in the country. It identified such crypto currencies as Bit Coin, Ripples, Monero,… In "News" London -  Banks in Britain and the U. S. have banned the use of credit cards to buy Bitcoin and other “crypto currencies”. The banks are fearing a plunge in their value will leave customers unable to repay their debts. Lloyds Banking Group Plc (LLOY.L), Britain’s biggest lender said on… In "Business"