The Department of Petroleum Resources (DPR) has dismissed media reports that it uncovered a ‘missing 2 million barrels of crude’ in oil production records by Shell Petroleum Development Company (SPDC) between 2016 and 2018. The DPR described the allegations as false and baseless. The report had alleged that SPDC which was allegedly found culpable had admitted the infraction and offered to refund the cost of the oil and pay a fine. The report claimed that the shortfall came from the Trans Niger Delta export pipeline which conveys an average of 150,000 barrels of SPDC’s Bonny light crude blend to the export terminal. The oil industry regulator urged the public to disregard the false media report. Mr Paul Osu, Spokesman of DPR, who reacted in a short text message to a News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) Correspondent on Saturday stated that there was no such thin “There is absolutely nothing like that, kindly disregard,” Osu said. Also, Mr Bamidele Odugbesan, Media Relations Manager at SPDC in a telephone chat dismissed the report as false and malicious and irresponsible and urged NAN to cross-check with the DPR. “The claims are baseless and without any iota of truth, it is totally false and malicious and lacks substance. “SPDC was not under any probe by the DPR. SPDC had never admitted to underreporting its crude production to DPR or any authority,” Odugbesa said. (NAN) By Yetunde Bada Abuja -   The Minister of State for Petroleum Resources, Dr Ibe Kachikwu, says he has never received a call from President Muhammadu Buhari asking him to allocate oil blocs. Kachikwu said this on Tuesday while declaring open 17th edition of the annual “Nigeria Oil and Gas… In "Business" The Department of Petroleum Resources (DPR) has said that the 5,000 barrels per day (bpd) Waltersmith Modular Refinery project is fully ready for operations.   The Director of DPR, Mr Sarki Auwalu, stated this during a pre-commissioning visit to the project site located in Ibigwe, Imo State recently. The refinery… In "Business" By Yunus Yusuf Lagos - The Department of Petroleum Resources (DPR) has commenced evaluation of Statement of Qualification (SOQ) of over 254 companies which had shown interest in Nigerian Gas Flare Commercialisation Programme (NGFCP). The Director of DPR, Mordecai Ladan, said this at the opening ceremony of the pre-qualification exercise… In "News"