Abuja (Sundiata Post) – United Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres warned on Monday that white supremacy and neo-Nazi movements are becoming a “transnational threat” and have exploited the coronavirus pandemic to boost their support. In the United States, racial tensions simmered during the turbulent four-year presidency of Donald Trump. His successor Joe Biden has said the Jan. 6 siege of the U.S. Capitol by Trump supporters was carried out by “thugs, insurrectionists, political extremists and white supremacists”. U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Michelle Bachelet is to report to the council on March 18 on systemic racism against people of African descent. The global inquiry was launched after George Floyd died in Minneapolis last May when a white police officer knelt on his neck for nearly nine minutes. “I urge all Member States to place human rights at the centre of regulatory frameworks and legislation on the development and use of digital technologies,” he said. “We need a safe, equitable and open digital future that does not infringe on privacy or dignity. (Rauters). New York -  Top United Nations human rights experts have called on the U.S. to “take swift and decisive action” to quell hate speech and racist language and recognise their connection to violence, in the wake of recent mass shootings. “The U.S. must recognize the direct impact that racism, xenophobia and intolerance have in promoting… In "Foreign" By Prudence Arobani   New York    -       UN Secretary-General António Guterres has launched a new framework to coordinate efforts across the peace and security, humanitarian, human rights and sustainable development sectors. Termed the UN Global Counter-Terrorism Coordination Compact, the framework is an agreement between the UN chief, 36 Organisational entities,… In "Foreign" Washington  - U.S. President Donald Trump denounced white supremacy and the far-right extremist group, Proud Boys, on Thursday evening after failing to do so during the presidential debate. “I condemn the Proud Boys,” Trump said during an interview with Fox News. He also condemned white supremacy. “If I say it… In "Foreign"