The leadership of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has finally accepted Mr. Ndudi Elumelu as the Minority Leader in the House of Representatives.  The official recognition followed the lifting of the suspension order the party’s leadership slammed on Elumelu and others in July 2019 when he became Minority Leader against the party’s choice of Kingsley Chinda. The party’s leadership, led by the National Chairman, Prince Uche Secondus, yesterday met with Elumelu and officially handed him the mantle to lead the minority PDP members in the House. The meeting marked the end of a protracted tussle between the lawmaker and his party over the minority leadership in the Green Chamber of the National Assembly. Secondus was quoted to have charged Elumelu and other PDP legislators to always speak with one voice on national issues. “The essence of this meeting is to reiterate the lifting of the suspension. Nigeria is in dire straits now and we need a viable opposition in the House of Representatives. “You must, therefore, speak with one voice on all issues. The economy is collapsing and there are a lot of security challenges facing the country. This is the time Nigerians need you the most and we must rise up to defend their interest,” Secondus said. Responding, Elumelu thanked the leadership of the party for lifting the suspension and pledged to ensure a reinvigorated opposition in the House of Representatives. He stressed the need for indivisibility of the PDP in the lower chamber, adding that with the resolution of the leadership crisis, the opposition in the House had been repositioned for the tasks ahead.  Source By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Former military President, General Ibrahim Babangida (rtd), has asked the leadership in the country to remain resilient. The former military president spoke yesterday when he received the Minority Leader of the House of Representatives, Hon. Ndudi Elumelu, and some members of the minority… In "Top Stories" The national leadership of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), has slammed one-month suspension on seven of its members in the House of Representatives. The affected Rep members are Ndudi Elumelu, Lynda Ikpeazu, Wole Oke, Anayo Edwin, Gideon Gwadi, Toby Okechukwu and Adekoya Abdul-Majid. The suspension might have followed the failure… In "Top Stories" ... As PDP Members Pass Vote of Confidence on Gbajabiamila By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The PDP caucus of the House of Representatives on Monday urged the National Working Committee (NWC) of the party to rescind its decision on the suspension of Hon Ndudi Elumelu and other elected… In "News"