The Federal Government has moved for the full implementation of the ECOWAS Brown Card Insurance Scheme to guarantee prompt compensation to victims of road accident within the ECOWAS member states. The Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Zainab Ahmed, said this while speaking at the inauguration of Mr Ganiyu Musa, as the chairman of Council of Bureaux, ECOWAS Brown Card Insurance Scheme, in Abuja. In a statement Wednesday, she noted that, the existence of the scheme and its effective implementation would stimulate integration of the West African regional block preparatory to the full implementation of the African Continental Free Trade Area subscribed to by most of ECOWAS countries. Ahmed, who was represented by the Commissioner for Insurance, National Insurance Commission, Mr Sunday Thomas, applauded the initiative that welcomed the free movement of goods and services within a sub-region and promotes intra-regional investments and cooperation. She said it was a huge step in the right direction for economic integration. While the new chairman of the bureaux would be examining the appropriate governance for the National bureaux, she said, there were challenges that must be addressed if the objectives of the ECOWAS Brown Card Scheme was to be fully achieved. She listed some of those challenges to include lack of respect for the agreement signed by member countries; delay in settlement of claims due to victims; and inadequate funding of the National Bureaux. Others, she added, were lack of public awareness and education; fraud in the acquisition of the certificate at the borders; inadequate commitment to reconciliation and cross settlement; low level of technology application in the distribution and general implementation of the scheme, among others. In his acceptance speech, Musa, promised to address all the highlighted challenges bedeviling the success of the scheme, promising to leverage on the successes already recorded to reshape and promote the scheme among West African countries. Source LAGOS - The Nigerian Insurers Association (NIA) on Tuesday said the implementation of the new Brown Card for Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) would take off on Jan. 1, 2015. The NIA Director-General, Mr Olorundare Thomas, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos that the aim… In "News" By Busayo Onijala Ikeja - Gov. Babajide Sanwo-Olu of Lagos State has lauded ECOWAS for its initiative in promoting integration in the West African sub-region. Sanwo-Olu gave the commendation in a message he sent to a sensitisation workshop on the ECOWAS Trade Liberalisation Scheme (ETLS) in Ikeja on Wednesday. The… In "News" Abuja  -West African Governments have been urged to harmonise efforts at ensuring the realisation of a Continental Free Trade Area (CFTA) to boost trade and integration within the region by 2017. The call was made on Wednesday in Abuja at the opening of ECOWAS Regional Consultative Meeting on the CFTA… In "Business"