Nineteen young men suspected to be involved in internet and related criminal activities have been arrested by operatives of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC in Abuja. The agency stated that they were all arrested at a guest house located in the Mpape suburb of Abuja on Friday, January 29, following an actionable intelligence on their alleged criminal activities. The suspects are; Sheyi Abimbola, Ogunsanmi Mola, Akinyemi Ayomide, Babatunde Owoeye, Ife–Oluwa Gbadebo, Friday Owocho, Olorunwa Emmanuel, Jibrin Sediq, Jonah Maxwell, Ibrahim Mustapha, and Shaibu Chris. Others are Gabriel Ekele, Kolawole Omitogun, Washma Samuel, Yusuf Ayomide Abdulazeez, Moshood Awowole, Farouk Olamilekan, Adebayo Samuel and Lekan Olufowobi. The EFCC said officials recovered mobile phones and laptop containing various incriminating documents during their arrest. The suspects will be charged to court as soon as investigation is concluded. Source Abuja - The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) in collaboration with the Italian Police said it arrested 62 people from Nigeria and Cameroon suspected to be members of a cyber criminal organisation. The EFCC spokesman, Mr Wilson Uwujaren, in a statement in Abuja on Thursday said the suspects were responsible for… In "News" By Philomina AttahAbuja - The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) says its Lagos zonal office has arrested one Mark Obisesan, an ex-convict, for possession of suspected fake traveller’s cheque worth 10,000 US Dollars. The anti-graft commission disclosed this in a statement issued by its spokesperson, Mr Wilson Uwujaren in… In "News" The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, Ibadan zonal office on Thursday, arrested two siblings – Olanrewaju Olatunji (19) and Femi Olatunji (29) and thirteen others for alleged involvement in internet-related fraud. The suspects were apprehended at Alafara area of Ibadan, Oyo State, following intelligence earlier received on their alleged illegal… In "News"