Nollywood has recorded at least five deaths in the last 30 days. Nollywood actors who died in January 2021 include: Mrs. Folake Aremu (Orisabunmi) Popular Yoruba actress, Mrs. Folake Aremu popularly called Orisabunmi, died on January 5, 2021. Her death, which threw the theatre industry into sadness, was confirmed by a family source. The veteran actress, who hailed from Olla in Kwara State, died at 60 in her residence in Ibadan, Oyo State. Her death came four months after the demise of her ex-husband, Jimoh Aliu popularly called Aworo under whose tutelage she rose to prominence in the film industry. Jim Lawson Maduike Nollywood veteran actor, Jim Lawson Maduike died on January 9, 2021. The Imo-born thespian gave up the ghost after complaining of severe body pains. He joined the film industry in 2004 where he starred in several films. David Mela David Mela was a fast-rising Nollywood actor. He died from an undisclosed ailment on January 11, 2021. The young actor was said to be passing through a hard time in his life as revealed by a post before his untimely death. Dan Nkoloagu Nollywood veteran actor Dan Nkoloagu died on January 22, 2021. His son, Dan Nkoloagu Jnr, announced his death on his Facebook page. He wrote: “IT WAS A BLACK FRIDAY FOR US YESTERDAY as my Dad left us without saying goodbye.” Nkoloagu, who died at 83, was popular for playing the role of a native doctor in many Igbo movies. Ernest Asuzu Veteran Nollywood actor Ernest Asuzu died on evening of Tuesday January 26, 2021 His wife, Jennifer Asuzu, who confirmed the sad incident to The Nation, said he fainted on Tuesday evening and never woke up. (The Nation) It is double tragedy for the family of a late Nollywood actress following the sad passing of the woman's older brother just days after her death. Steve Onishola, older brother of late actress Folake Aremu, popularly known as Orisabunmi, died after a brief illness. Mr Onishola was the technical director… In "Entertainment" Jim Lawson Maduike, a veteran Nollywood actor, has died, PREMIUM TIMES reports. The Actors’ Guild of Nigeria (AGN) president, Emeka Rollas, confirmed the news of his death on Saturday. The actor died on Saturday after reportedly complaining of body aches at around 12 pm. The late actor was also an… In "Entertainment" Nigerian actress, Jennifer Omole, passed on in Spain on 3rd January 2020, at the age of 33. She was buried the following evening at Villarejo de Salvanes, Madrid. The sad news about Jennifer’s death was shared by her close friend and colleague, Uche Ogbodo, on Instagram. Omole was a member… In "Entertainment"