The Imo State Government on Friday recovered the Royal Palm Estate along Akachi road belonging to immediate past former Governor Rochas Okorocha’s wife, Nkechi Okorocha. The seizure was in compliance with the directive of the Imo State gazette on the report of the Judicial Commission of Enquiry on recovery of Lands and other related matters. The Commissioner for Lands, Enyinnaya Onuegbu, who led the team that took the estate allegedly acquired by the ex- Governor’s wife on Friday evening, said the Government has sealed up the place till further notice.  According to him: “This is as a result of the recommendation of the commission that all illegal lands and structures acquired by the administrations between 2006 and 2019 should be taken over by the government.” He said the current administration was not resting on its oars in recovering all the stolen properties of the state especially those carted away by the previous administrations. The Commissioner added in line with the 3R mantra initiative of Governor Hope Uzodimma, the state must continue to work with the relevant laws and recommendations of government agencies and commissions no matter whose ox is gored. The Nation By Ikechukwu Iweajunwa Owerri - The Imo State Council of Traditional Rulers say they are in full support of Gov. Emeka Ihedioha’s plan to probe the administration of former Gov. Rochas Okorocha.The Chairman of the council, Eze Samuel Ohiri, disclosed this to newsmen on Wednesday, at the end of an… In "News" By Ikechukwu Iweajunwa Owerri -The incorporated trustees of a socio-cultural organisation in Imo, called Oluzurumee Youth Assembly, has approached an Owerri High Court to determine the true ownership of the Eastern Palm University, Ogboko.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the university was one of the six higher institutions… In "Politics" Abuja (Sundiata Post)| -  Erstwhile governor of Imo State, Senator Rochas Okorocha, has demanded unreserved apology from his successor, Emeka Ihedioha, the Commissioner for Justice, Ndukwe Nnawuchi (SAN), and the chairman, Recovery of Moveable Assets, Jasper Ndubuaku, apologise to him. According to Okorocha, the apology is for alleging that he… In "Top Stories"