A 40-year-old man identified as Odion Ehiorobo Larry, has been killed in Edo State. The man was killed by gunmen suspected to be assassins in Benin City, Edo state It was gathered that Ehiorobo was shot dead in front of his pregnant wife and children in his house located at Peanut Road along Sapele Road in Benin city about 2am on Thursday, February 18. According to Standard Gazette crime correspondent, Festus Alenkhe, who visited the area, the gunmen scaled the fence into the compound and gained access into the apartment by forcing the door open. They went straight into his bedroom, dragged him to the lounge before shooting him in the head. Ehiorobo was said to have pleaded with them with everything he had, including money and other belongings but they told him they came for his life. The deceased’s pregnant wife told Standard Gazette that her husband was killed in front of her and their children. “Despite his appeal to the killers, they still went ahead and shot him. They waited for him to die before they left the house. I am calling for justice,” she said in tears. The police have evacuated the body to the mortuary for autopsy and further investigation. Source Rivers - The wife of the deceased, Orlumati Nwozuruaka, said those who murdered her husband were many, saying that her husband was killed despite pleas by her children.   Gunmen have assassinated one Nwozuruaka Anele at his apartment in Alakahia community in Obio/Akpor Local Government of Rivers State, reports say. Anele was… In "News" GUNMEN suspected to be assassins on Thursday evening ambushed and killed the chief architect in the Works and Physical Planning unit of the Cross River University of Technology, Bassey Ekpenyong Inyang. An eyewitness revealed that the suspected assassins had arrived in a bus and parked close to the home of… In "Top Stories" Igbaugba Ehigimetor Benin, - The Commissioner of Police in Edo, Hakeem Odumosun, has said that the policeman killed by unknown gunmen in Benin on Saturday night was a member of a secret cult. The CP told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on telephone that two other persons were killed… In "News"