Akewe Terry Daniel, the Nigerian singer who is fondly referred to as Terri, is currently signed to Wizkid’s record label, Starboy Entertainment.  During a chat with The Punch, he revealed that working with Wizkid is a dream come true. The singer featured on Wizkid’s 2018 hit song, Soco, alongside his other label mates, Spotless and Ceeza Milli. “From the beginning of Wizkid’s career till now he is my idol. Before anyone knew he would be this big, he has been my idol. Working with him has been a dream come true,” he said. Recalling how he got signed to Wizkid’s record label, Terri noted that he was invited to Wizkid’s house on his request. Six months later, he was signed to Wizkid’s record label. He said, “I did a cover for one of Wizkid’s songs, shortly after, I got a message from one of Wizkid’s producer, Legendary Mutay, that he liked what I did with the song. He said that they had seen my freestyle and wanted to work with me. I did not know I would work with Wizkid. “They sent me an address, I went there and found out that it was Wizkid’s house. I realized he had seen the video online and invited me. The next time we saw, we recorded the song Soco. Six months later, I was signed to his record label.” Taking a trip down memory lane, the singer stated that he began music in JSS2 and had to save his lunch money to pay for his N5,000 studio session. The singer who has released his first song this year, Come Around, told The Punch that the song is his Valentine’s Day gift to his fans. “I released my song, Come Around, today and it is my valentine gift to my fans. It is my first song for the year and I am going to be releasing other projects later in the year. He further revealed that he is not in a relationship at the moment but on Valentine’s Day, he will look for a girl in Accra to ‘chill’ with. “I don’t have a girlfriend. I will be in Ghana on Valentine’s Day so I will find an Accra girl that will take me somewhere I have never been to in Ghana. I have been everywhere in Lagos but it is a different vibe in Ghana,” he said. Source Wizkid’s second baby mama, Binta Diallo who has been coming after the singer for some days now over his avoidance of Daddy Duty, has revealed how Wizkid family begged her not to sue him to avoid issues with immigration. This time around, she shared documents showing the agreement between her… In "Entertainment" By Anita Eboigbe   Abuja   -      Nigerians on Twitter have expressed divergent reactions to Tiwa Savage’s feature in the music video for Ayodeji Balogun aka Wizkid’s ‘Fever’. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Wizkid released the much anticipated visuals for the hit track, to rave reviews,… In "Entertainment" By Anita Eboigbe Abuja - American rapper, record producer and entrepreneur Sean Combs aka Diddy has expressed his  desire to come ‘back home’ after meeting Nigerian superstar Ayobami Balogun a.k.a Wizkid. Diddy is worth $825 million and held the number one spot as Forbes’s Richest Hip-Hop Act for seven consecutive… In "Entertainment"