Some dangerous gunmen on Tuesday attacked a bullion van at Ubulu-Okiti along the Benin/Asaba expressway, Aniocha North Local Government Area, Delta State with one lady feared dead, according to Vanguard. The gunmen numbering about 10, Vanguard gathered came out of a bush on citing the bullion van, shooting sporadically until the bullion van and the escorts stopped. A dependable source, who lamented that the gunmen succeeded in a robbery of the bullion van, said a female passenger of a bus was killed by a stray bullet from the gun of the armed robbers. The source who pleaded anonymity, could not however confirm how much the gunmen made away with, adding that the robbery attack caused a serious traffic grid on the ever-busy expressway. Lamenting that motorists, passengers and villagers closed to the scene of the robbery, scampered for safety, the source said it took a while for those who ran into the bush to come out even when the robbers were gone. Contacted, the Acting Police Public Relations Officer, PPRO in the State Police Command, Mr Bright Edafe confirmed the bullion attack. Edafe however said he was not aware of a female passenger was killed. Source Unknown gunmen this evening of Wednesday, July 29, 2020, attacked a bullion van in Ebonyi State and killed four policemen escorting the vehicle. It was learnt that the gunmen tried to intercept the bullion van at Ezzamgbo junction in Ohaukwu Local Government Area of state. An eyewitness told News Express… In "News" A 30-year-old kidnap suspect, Mohammed Sani, said he killed more than 50 of his victims because they could not afford to pay ransom. Sani, who was paraded by the Force Public Relations Officer, DCP Frank Mba, alongside 46 other criminals at the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) Headquarters in Abuja, said… In "News" Gunmen Shot Dead By Worshipper During Attempted Robbery In Church Two gunmen met their waterloo as they were both shot dead by a worshipper during an attempted robbery attack in a South African church, yesterday, during a church service. They were shot dead by Pieter van der Westhuizen, the brother… In "Metro"