The General Overseer of Omega Fire Ministries International, Apostle Johnson Suleman, says he bought his third jet during the raging COVID-19 pandemic which pushed the country into an economic recession. Suleman said this while delivering a recent sermon. Although the date of the sermon could not be verified, the video recently went viral on social media. The cleric further stated that he was praying for the pandemic not to end because he was prospering and resting. He said, “In COVID (pandemic) I bought a jet; the third one. I have three. I was praying for COVID-19 not to end because I was resting. While people were complaining, my wife asked, ‘Can life be this sweet?’ Am I talking to somebody here?” “No stress. I read on the Internet that there’s a rumour going around that I have a machine that prints money. I like that rumour. They say, ‘he should be investigated. He has a machine that prints money. “Somebody asked if it’s true and I said it is true. They said, ‘It’s risky o’. I said I didn’t know it’s risky because I already bought the machine. When you speak in tongues, you’re printing money.” Suleman has been enmeshed in an adultery scandal in recent times with one of his former pastors, Mike Davids, accusing him of sleeping with his wife, an allegation which Suleman has denied. Davids also wrote a petition to the Corporate Affairs Commission to investigate and suspend Suleman for his stupendous wealth. Punch Apostle Johnson Suleman of Omega Fire Ministries has reacted as some Chinese medical doctors arrived in Nigeria. Apostle Suleman warned that China may have a hidden agenda by sending their doctors to Nigeria, as they never do anything for free. He claimed that China will never do anything that does… In "News" The General Overseer of Omega Fire Ministries International, Apostle Johnson Suleman, has acquired a private jet. It was learnt that the fiery preacher acquired the jet last week. Omega Fire Ministry Dubai Facebook page also published pictures and a video of Suleman inside his newly purchased jet. The post reads… In "Metro" Recently a pastor died. A Cameroonian faith healer, Prophet Frankline Ndifor died a week after battling with the coronavirus. Ndifor's death is linked to a violation of COVID19 guidelines. He was laying hands on those with confirmed cases of COVID19. A pastor has also died in Port Harcourt in a… In "Metro"