Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue state has stated that if the Federal government wants peace in the country, the leadership of Miyetti Allah must be arrested.  The governor who spoke during a meeting in his state yesterday, February 3, said the members of the group have owned up to carrying out nefarious activities and wonders why the Federal government is yet to act. ”This country belongs to all of us and the presidency must act fast because time is going. From North West, North East, North Central, South West, South East, South South, there is general insecurity and this being propelled by herdsmen. I have made it a petition to the President and all security agencies before, that if they want peace, Miyetti Allah must be arrested. These are people who have owned up. They have taken responsibility that they kill, they maim, they rape and do all sorts of atrocities and yet their leadership is in Abuja and nobody is confronting them. When I talked, I was castigated. I was villified. Nothing bad that wasn’t said about me. The reality is here now. It is not just happening to Benue state today. It is happening to the entire country. Why is the Federal government being silent about these Fulani herdsmen?”he asked.   Owerri - As Miyetti Allah Kautal Hore deploys its vigilantes to protect herdsmen and their cows across the country, heads of regional security network in Southwest states, codenamed ‘Operation Amotekun’ have drawn redlines the cattle breeders private security operatives must not cross in the interest of peace. Pro-Igbo groups like… In "News" Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State has explained why he called for the arrest of the President of Miyetti Allah Kautal Hore. The governor who received Nobel Laureate Professor Wole Soyinka at the Government House in Makurdi on Tuesday revealed that he would file a formal complaint to the security… In "Security" The Human Rights Writers Association of Nigeria (HURIWA), has faulted the reported apologies tendered by the Miyetti Allah Cattle owners Association over the killings of Benue state farmers just as the rights group has reiterated her call on the President Muhammadu Buhari-led administration to declare association as a terrorist group… In "Security"