Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State has issued a stern warning to herdsmen in the state, asking them to abide by the laws of the land or go to Bauchi state to carry their AK47 guns.  His comment comes a week after the Bauchi state governor, Bala Mohammed, defended herdsmen who go about carrying AK47. According to governor Bala, the herdsmen are always armed with AK47 because society and the government are not protecting him. Speaking at a function in the state today, February 22, Governor Ortom said; ”Nigeria is not governed anyhow. It is not a banana republic. It is governed by the constitution of the Federal republic of Nigeria. The constitution gives power to our governors in all the 36 states to preside over the land of their state on behalf of the people and they only people who can give allocation and permit people to stay where they are. And so bandits cannot find a forest and come in to hide under living in that forest. I want to tell those terrorist Fulani men. They should not come to Benue state. They should go to Bauchi and stay with him. Benue state is governed by the constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria. Benue state also has laws guiding them. So once you are a Fulani man and you come with legitimate papers , you are free to stay in benue state and do business according to the laws of our land. Anyone who is not willing to respect the laws of our land should go and meet Bala Mohammed and then there you can carry AK47.” Source The verbal war between Governors Samuel Ortom (Benue) and Bala Mohammed (Bauchi) over the menace of killer herdsmen in some parts of the country is not ending soon.On Monday, Ortom took Mohammed to the cleaners, describing the Bauchi governor as a terrorist. He wondered why Mohammed should support Fulani herdsmen… In "Politics" Following his utterances about herdsmen carrying AK47 rifles to protect themselves, Governor Rotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State has fired back at Bauchi state governor, Bala Mohammed, saying he is unfit to be in public office. On Thursday, February 11, Governor Mohammed at a function said that Fulani herdsmen carry AK47… In "Politics" Northern Nigeria is wide awake today because the backwardness of the region is gradually catching up with the political class who have ignored the abject poverty in the region. The millions of Almajiri and the large tribe of beggars on Nigerian streets are mainly from the North. The North contributes… In "Opinion"