Jeff Bezos has become the richest man in the world again.  The Amazon owner reclaimed the position from Elon Musk, Tesla CEO on Tuesday after Tesla shares fell 2.4%, forcing him to lose about $4.5 billion.  A statement by the Bloomberg Billionaires index ranking on Wednesday said Bezos is now worth $191 billion compared to Musk’s $190 billion. According to the statement, Bezos’ net worth also fell by about $372 million but that was enough to take him to top spot, a position he has held for about three years. Bill Gates remains at the third position with $137 billion of worth. Jeff Bezos has become the richest man in the world again. The Amazon owner reclaimed the position from Elon Musk, Tesla CEO on Tuesday after Tesla shares fell 2.4%, forcing him to lose about $4.5 billion. A statement by the Bloomberg Billionaires index ranking on Wednesday said Bezos is now worth $191 billion compared to Musk’s $190 billion. According to the statement, Bezos’ net worth also fell by about $372 million but that was enough to take him to top spot, a position he has held for about three years. Bill Gates remains at the third position with $137 billion of worth.  Source Elon Musk has become the second richest man in the world with an asset of about $127.9bn. The billionaire entrepreneur added $100.3 billion to his net worth this year, surpassing Bill Gates to become the 2nd richest person in the world, according to Bloomberg Billionaires Index. The 49-year-old entrepreneur’s net… In "News" Amazon founder Jeff Bezos has become the first person in history to hit $202 billion net worth. The American billionaire broke the wealth barrier on Wednesday as shares of his online shopping company, continued skyrocketing due to the unending demand for online shopping. His Seattle company’s stock continued to surge… In "News" African richest man, Aliko Dangote has significantly moved up in the World billionaires’ list as he emerged 96th richest person in the world, with an estimated worth of $14.8 billion, as against his previous ranking of 103rd in the world, PM News reports. Dangote, who remains the richest man in… In "News"