Deloitte have released their latest Football Money League numbers which rank the most lucrative football clubs in 2021. The latest findings showed that the top 20 clubs, all based in Europe, manage to accrue a combined €8.2 billion (£7.2b/$9.9m) during the 2019-20 season. It was a 12 per cent decrease from the prior season (€9.3 billion) – no doubt owing to the disruption caused by the Covid-19 pandemic, which impacted a fall in broadcast and matchday revenue – but also resulted in an increase in commercial venue. Which club is the richest in the world? Barcelona were named the world’s richest football club in 2021 according to the Deloitte rankings, retaining a slight margin ahead of Spanish rivals Real Madrid despite having a revenue fall of €125 million (£110m/$150m) to €715m (£628m/$861m) in 2019-20. They both hold a substantial lead ahead of the rest of the table, and dominate the table comfortably. Bayern are ranked in third and are in front of Manchester United, named the richest English side. They are followed immediately by the likes of Liverpool and Manchester City, with Paris Saint-Germain slotting into seventh. The top 10 richest clubs are dominated by five Premier League clubs, including Chelsea and Tottenham, while Arsenal are placed at 11th in the table, with Everton 17th. The rest of the table is rounded out by Borussia Dortmund, Inter, Atletico Madrid, Zenit Saint-Petersburg and other big European names. Barcelona’s status as the richest club in the world, however, has been overshadowed by their €1.2 billion (£1.1b/$1.5b) debtalongside the revelation that Lionel Messi’s salary is at €555 million (£491m/$674m). The Catalan side were found to be owing a total of €126 million (£112m/$153m) to other clubs, which is rooted from several transfer deals that the club made over the course of several years – including deals for Phiippe Coutinho, Frenkie de Jong and Arthur. You can view the full rankings with the total revenue (broadcast, matchday and commercial) below; The Nation Ace comedian and actor, Atunyota Akpobome, popularly known as Ali Baba, has advised billionaire businessman, Aliko Dangote, against buying Arsenal with their present poor form. He said this while speaking on PUNCH Online interview programme, Stars Talk Football, where he discussed his love for Arsenal and why he dumped sport… In "Business" Lionel Messi has been named as the richest player in world football – edging his long-standing rival Cristiano Ronaldo in the rankings. France Football have compiled a list of the top 10 best-paid players in 2019, which predictably saw two of the game’s greatest-ever players sit first and second. Messi… In "Sports" By Lexi Elo with Agency Report Last week's confirmation of a €6.9 billion, three-year Premier League television deal put an end to any debate about the long-term pulling power of football. The announcement takes the sport to a whole new level at a time when global austerity suggests such figures… In "Sports"