It is a sad time for Nigerian singer and actress, Yinka Davies. The celebrity has announced the sad death of her son, Jeremiah on Saturday, January 30. The vocalist and judge of a reality show, Nigerian Idol broke the sad news in an Instagram post on Tuesday, February. 2. Jeremiah, whom Yinka had with Ayo Bankole 28 years ago, had been battling with toothache for a while but on Saturday the ailment deteriorated, and he suddenly succumbed to the cold hands of death. Her post on Instagram reads: “For those who held you in their hearts, Those you waved at on your strolls, For those who cried the tears they couldn’t hold back, Cos you are no more here, “For those who washed you when you were weak, Those who were scared to see you ill, For those who thought you madly stubborn cos you, Wouldn’t take another pill. I salute them all, who shared you with me, Paying for your bills, “Calling on others to give their dimes, I appreciate the toils and tears and All the memories you left for Them. Leaving only me.” A post shared by YINKA DAVIES (@iamyinkadavies) Source Gospel singer, Yinka Ayefele has praised God after he became the first artist to have triplets after 25 years of marriage.  Yinka celebrates birth of his triplets 51-year-old Nigerian gospel singer, Yinka Ayefele, has celebrated the birth of his triplets after being childless for 25 years. The triplets were born in June. … In "Entertainment" Mrs Rosemary Adebutu, one of the wives of the owner of Premier Lotto, Chief Kessington Adebutu, is dead. She was said to have died in a highbrow hospital on Lagos Island on Saturday afternoon after a brief illness. A close associate of the bereaved billionaire, Chief Kola Oyefeso, confirmed the… In "News" Since young Miss Vera Uwaila Omozuwa was r*ped and killed in Benin, Edo State, the conversation around rape has popped up its ugly head again in Nigeria. After the uproar on the demand to arrest and arraign the culprits behind the death of the 100 level student of the University… In "Entertainment"