The federal government has revealed why bandits are yet to be proscribed.  The Minister of Information and Culture, Lai Mohammed speaking on behalf of the federal government said the reason is because bandits don’t go by any name.  Mohammed who made this known in an interview on AIT’s Kaakaki programme on Wednesday. He said proscribing the bandits is not what really matters but how they are treated. “You proscribe known groups with names. You can’t just proscribe an unknown group legally,” he said. “Secondly, it’s not whether they are proscribed or not, it is the way they are treated. Does the government actually treat them with kid gloves? The answer is no.” Mohammed also pointed out that there is a difference between the bandits and the Indigenous People of Biafra, a group that has been proscribed by the Federal Government. He said, “When a group is championing a course for the disintegration of Nigeria… A group like IPOB (that) does not even recognise Nigeria as a state, sets up its own army and think it is a sovereign state is different from bandits and criminals. Please, don’t compare apples and oranges.” When asked if the bandits aren’t also threatening the sovereignty of Nigeria by taking up arms against the citizens, the Minister said the cases are completely different. He said, “Security challenges are one thing. Challenging the sovereignty of Nigeria is a completely different thing. Don’t let us dwell on semantics.Speaking further, he said, “Don’t armed robbers threaten the security of lives and property? They do. Is there anywhere in the world that armed robbers have been proscribed?”  Source Members of IPOB took the streets of Israel to demand for the freedom of Biafra. The group alleged that Hausa-Fulani are killing them in their homeland. The protest was organised days after the group was proscribed and declared a terrorist group in Nigeria Days after being proscribed and declared a… In "News" The Inspector-General of Police, IGP Mohammed Adamu has said members of the Islamic Movement in Nigeria (IMN) popularly known as Shiites will be treated as terrorists in line with a court order. The IGP also described the activities of the group as a calculated attempt targeted at plunging Nigeria into… In "News" I have immersed myself in the study of the ontogenesis and manifestations of fascism since Buhari started to bare his ferociously fascist fangs. One of the world’s most insightful writers on fascist totalitarianism is George Orwell. As he himself pointed out in his 1946 essay titled “Why I Write,” “Every… In "Social Media Feeds"