Mr. Tosin Ojaomo, a lawyer to erstwhile Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, Mr. Ibrahim Magu, says his client has not yet been sacked by the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.).  Ojaomo said this during an interview with The PUNCH while reacting to the appointment of 40-year-old Abdulrasheed Bawa as the new chairman of the EFCC. The Presidency had said in a statement that Bawa’s name had been sent to the Senate for confirmation. Speaking with our correspondent on Tuesday, however, Ojaomo said Magu had only been suspended by the President, adding that to date, he had neither received a letter of termination nor further instruction. He said, “Magu has not yet been sacked by the President. He was put on suspension pending the outcome of the probe by the panel. He has not yet been sacked.” Magu, who served as acting chairman of the EFCC from 2015 to 2020, was rejected twice by the Senate. He was later suspended along with several others for allegedly mismanaging funds of the commission, an allegation which he vehemently denied. The former EFCC boss was probed for over three months by a judicial panel of inquiry led by a former President of the Court of Appeal, Justice Ayo Salami. The panel made several recommendations but the report has not been made public to date.  Source •Ibrahim Magu ABUJA - A prior presidential panel, which investigated the suspended acting Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, Ibrahim Magu, indicted him, a report published by the News Agency of Nigeria has alleged. The report, according to NAN, noted that the embattled EFCC boss had been unable… In "News" According to Vanguard, Mr. Femi Adesina, Special Adviser on Media and Publicity to the President, has said the presidential panel investigating Ibrahim Magu, the suspended Acting Chairman of Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, might have detained him to ensure relevant documents were not tampered with. Adesina said this on… In "Politics" Prominent lawyer, Chief Mike Ozekhome (SAN), on Tuesday, appeared before the Justice Ayo Salami-led panel to testify against the suspended acting Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, Ibrahim Magu, and submitted six exhibits, including two video clips and some documents. During the session, which lasted about two hours,… In "News"