Akinade Ajani, Baale of Shasha community in the Akinyele Local Government Area of Ibadan, the Oyo State capital, has fingered eight persons as mischief-makers in the community. The traditional ruler, who spoke with The PUNCH on Tuesday, said peace and calm have started returning to the once crisis-ridden community. The Yoruba and Hausa communities had clashed in a popular market in the area last Friday resulting in the death of some residents, destruction of properties, and displacement of people in the area.  Consequently, the state governor, Seyi Makinde, ordered the closure of the market and enjoined the warring factions to sheathe their swords and embrace peace and dialogue. Makinde also led some northern governors to the leaders of the Yoruba and Hausa communities in the market on Tuesday. The governors are Kebbi State Governor, Abubakar Bagudu; Kano State Governor, Abdulahi Ganduje; Zamfara State Governor, Bello Matawalle; and Niger State Governor, Abubakar Sanni.  Speaking exclusively with The PUNCH after meeting with the governors, the traditional ruler of the Shasha community said he told the governor to root out the eight mischief-makers who are bent on disrupting the now-returning tranquility in the area. Ajani said, “There can be smooth co-existence once again between the Yoruba and Hausa communities in Shasha. There are just about eight persons causing the commotion. Once the eight persons leave this place, other residents will live harmoniously.” The traditional ruler, who didn’t disclose the names of the fingered persons, insisted that “those causing commotion in Shasha must leave the community, whether Hausa or Yoruba indigenes”.  “These eight persons pursue their selfish interests. I told the governors all these when they visited today and they assured me that they will work on it,” he added. (Punch) Oyo State Governor, Seyi Makinde, and some northern governors are currently at the Shasha Market to assess the destruction at the scene of the clash between Yoruba and Hausa communities. The governors are Kebbi State Governor, Abubakar Atiku Bagudu; Kano State Governor, Abdulahi Ganduje; Zamfara State Governor, Bello Matawalle and… In "Features" Ekiti State Governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi, has condemned the violent clash between some Yoruba and Hausa traders in Shasha market, Ibadan Oyo State capital at the weekend. The violent clash had reportedly led to the death of some residents, destruction of properties and displacement of people in the area. Dr… In "News" IBADAN - Following skirmishes reported in Shasha market in Akinyele Local Government Area of Ibadan, the Oyo State government has ordered the immediate closure of the market indefinitely.A statement by the Chief Press Secretary to Governor Seyi Makinde, Mr. Taiwo Adisa, indicated that the governor gave the order to forestall… In "News"