Two underaged herdsmen are currently in the custody of Amotekun in ondo state after being arrested on Tuesday. The regional security outfit also impounded 200 cows belonging to herdsmen in the state.  The cows and the herders were arrested along Ijare/Irese Road in Ifedore Local Government area of the state. The seized cows and the herders, were later led from where they were arrested to the headquarters of the security outfit, at Akure, the state capital. The movement of the cows along Orita Obele-Road Block- Ilesha Garage through Oyemekun Road, caused traffic snarl while people were hailing the bravery of the Amotekun Corps. Confirming the incident, the Commander of Amotekun Corps in the state, Chief Adetunji Adeleye, said the cows and the herders were arrested for contravening the directive of the state government. Adetunji, who spoke on phone, said what would happen in the current situation, would depend on the government. “The current incident was a different one. The people cried to us that the cows were destroying their crops. When we moved our people to the place, the herders attacked our men. “However, we were able to overpower them. We arrested two of the herders. They contravened the government directive in three ways. “The herders we arrested are underaged. They grazed in the night and carry firearms and destroyed people’s crops. “The matter was different from former ones. If it was destruction of farm crops, we can say they should pay for the destroyed crops and release the cows. This is not a straitjacket,” Adeleye said. Source •Amotekun officers AKURE - The Ondo State Security Network Agency, also called Amotekun Corps is not relenting in flushing out criminals from the state, as its men have arrested one-armed herdsman and two cattle rustlers in some parts of the state. Addressing journalists on Wednesday at the headquarters of the… In "Top Stories" The Ondo State Security Network also known as the Amotekun Corps on Thursday confirmed that some herdsmen have started leaving the state’s forest reserves for other neighbouring states. It said those that agreed to leave could not cope with the terms and conditions of the state government. The Amotekun Corps… In "News" Some suspected killers of the traditional ruler of Ifon in Ose local government, Oba Israel Adeusi, the Olufon of Ifon, have been arrested. Identity of the suspects was yet to be made public because of the ongoing investigation into the killing. They were arrested by a combine team of security… In "News"