•The late Dennis Abuda ABUJA – The management of Nigerians in Diaspora Commission (NIDCOM) has condemned in strong terms the unfortunate death of Mr. Dennis Abuda, who was killed on Saturday by his abductors. Abuda, a Nigerian based in Atlanta, Georgia, the United States, was abducted along Benin By-pass by unknown gunmen alongside other family members while traveling to Lagos to catch a flight back to the US. In a statement, the Head of Media, NIDCOM, Abdur-Rahman Balogun, described the incident as very unfortunate, sad and callous. The Commission called on the security operatives in Edo State to fish out the perpetrators of the heinous crime and bring them to justice so as to serve as a deterrent to others. NIDCOM condoled with the family of the deceased by praying unto God to rest the soul of the departed and expose the killers of Abuda as soon as possible. It was reported that Mr. Abuda alongside his family members left Fugar in Etsako Central Local Government Area at the early hours on Saturday when they were ambushed by the gunmen. Abuda, whose corpse was discovered during a search operation led by the Commissioner of Police Philip Ogbadu on Wednesday, was allegedly shot by his abductors after he slumped while being forced into the forest. His relatives were released on Tuesday by their abductors. A Nigerian pastor has had his life cut short in faraway China after he was murdered by security operatives.  The killing of a Nigerian Pastor by Chinese security operatives has led to calls for a probe by the Nigerian Government.  The Chairman of Nigerians in the Diaspora Commission (NIDCOM), Abike Dabiri-Erewa… In "Metro" By: Temitope Ponle Abuja - Mrs Abike Dabiri-Erewa, Chief Executive Officer, Nigerians in Diaspora Commission (NIDCOM). has urged the National Assembly to enact a bill that would enable Nigerians in diaspora to vote in whatever country they reside. Dabiri-Erewa said this when she appeared before the House of Representatives committee… In "News" By Joy Kaka Abuja - Mrs Abike Dabiri-Erewa, Executive Chairman/CEO, Nigerians in Diaspora Commission (NIDCOM), on Friday applauded the introduction of the Diaspora Professionals Healthcare Initiative (DPHI) aimed at improving healthcare delivery in the country. Mr Gabriel Odu, Media Assistant of NIDCOM, made this known in a statement. The commendation… In "Health"