Nigerian female artiste, Yemi Alade has revealed how she ignored Beyonce’s email for two months because her management thought it was a scam.  The talented Nigerian singer was featured as a guest artist on Beyonce’s “Black Is King” visual album, a sequel to the 2019 “Lion King: The Gift” album. In a recent interview with OGS, Yemi Alade, recounted how she ignored popular American singer, Beyonce‘s email for two months. She explained that it wasn’t intentional and could have cost her the collaboration. She Said; “We thought it was a scam email… I wasn’t the one receiving the emails, my management was and the thing is that, you have to be a crazy beyond a fan like me to know her company’s name is “Parkwood”, So you’re getting emails from “Parkwood” about a collaboration with Beyoncé?!… My manager was telling me that he keeps getting these messages from Parkwood. He sounded very irritated and he was thinking of maybe blocking the email… and I asked him what did you say? Did you say “Parkwood?” I said (screams) that is Beyoncé!!!!…” Speaking on how long it took for them to actually respond to the email, Yemi Alade said “it took a while.. we were at the end of the collection like..they’ve been working on this for a while, maybe a month or two, I think even someone at some point came to Nigeria and they were trying to meet me but you know how some people are, they don’t want some people to meet some people.” “I had no idea what was coming. When we were done with the meeting, I went back to my apartment. I just woke up the next morning I couldn’t talk, definitely could not sing. I had no voice, I pushed and I got something out of it,” the 31-year-old continued. “When I try to just envision every country that I’ve been to, I realize that human beings are just human beings, some come with good vibes, some come with bad vibes and then you can never know who really has ulterior motives or not, they just keep…. like an onion peel… they just keep opening up and showing you and showing you and revealing everything… so I would just say human beings are the same everywhere, naija, outside naija everybody.” Beyoncé has revealed the track list for her Lion King-inspired album, The Lion King: The Gift. The 14-song album will include several original Beyoncé tracks, as well as collaborations with the likes of JAY-Z, Kendrick Lamar, Childish Gambino, and Pharrell. The Lion King: The Gift notably includes a large number… In "Entertainment" https://twitter.com/yemialadee/status/1151154276892368897?s=19 Beyonce's new album The Lion King features prominent African artists including Yemi Alade. The Nigerian songstress was present at the Europe launch in London and seized the moment to get in the same frame with her idol, Beyonce. In "Entertainment" Award winning superstar singer and actress, Beyonce has revealed the reason she featured Nigerian artistes in the track list for her new Lion King-inspired album ‘The Lion King: The Gift.’ The internet was on Tuesday buzzing with encomiums from Africans as Beyoncé released tracklist of her album. The album has… In "Entertainment"