•Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala ABUJA – Former Minister of Finance, Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, has thanked Nigerians and President Muhammadu Buhari for their support following her emergence as the sole candidate for the top job at the World Trade Organisation (WTO). She also extended her appreciation to the United States government after the country endorsed her to become the Director-General of the global trade body. Okonjo-Iweala, who was vying for the job with the Republic of Korea’s Trade Minister, Yoo Myung-hee, showed gratitude via her verified Twitter handle on Friday. Grateful for the expression of support from the US today for DG @WTO. Congratulations to Madam Yoo of Rep. Korea for a hard fought campaign.Thank You President Muhammadu Buhari @MBuhari &all Nigerians for your unflinching support.Thank you friends. Love to my family.Glory to God. — Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala (@NOIweala) February 5, 2021 While the majority of the member-countries of the organisation had endorsed the Nigerian candidate, Ms Myung-hee had enjoyed the support of former U.S. President Donald Trump in their bids to become the WTO DG. On Friday, the Korean minister announced that she was abandoning her bid to lead the international trade body, leading to Okonjo-Iweala’s emergence as the sole candidate for the job. Following the development, the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative, in a statement, said, “The United States takes note of today’s decision by the Republic of Korea’s Trade Minister Yoo Myung-hee to withdraw her candidacy for Director-General of the World Trade Organization (WTO). “The Biden-Harris Administration is pleased to express its strong support for the candidacy of Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala as the next Director-General of the WTO. “Dr Okonjo-Iweala brings a wealth of knowledge in economics and international diplomacy from her 25 years with the World Bank and two terms as Nigerian Finance Minister. “She is widely respected for her effective leadership and has proven experience managing a large international organization with a diverse membership,” it added. Okonjo-Iweala, 66, was nominated as Nigeria’s candidate to lead the WTO by President Muhammadu Buhari in June 2020. She is a Nigerian-American economist and international development expert who has a 25-year career at the World Bank, scaling the ranks to the second top position of Managing Director, Operations. The Delta State-born economist served two terms as the minister of finance under former Presidents Olusegun Obasanjo and Goodluck Jonathan respectively. Nigerians have taken to the social media to blast the President Donald Trump administration for opposing Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala as the consensus candidate for the post of director-general of the World Trade Organisation.   Many Nigerians had expressed delight when key WTO ambassadors led by New Zealand’s Ambassador David Walker… In "News" The National Council of Women Societies (NCWS) has called for continuous prayers for the final declaration of Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, as the 7th Director-General of the World Trade Organisation (WTO).   On Oct. 28, the General Council of the WTO declared Dr Okonjo-Iweala as the best suited candidate to occupy… In "News" By Deji AbdulwahabAbuja - The Progressives Governors’ Forum has endorsed the candidature of Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala for the position of the Director-General of the World Trade Organisation (WTO).Gov. Abubakar Bagudu of Kebbi state and Chairman of the forum said this in a statement in Abuja on Wednesday. Bagudu urged President… In "News"