A bill that seeks to stop employers in the private and public sectors from employing Nigerian graduates as casual workers has been proposed by Senator Ayo Akinyelure.  The Prohibition of Casualisation Bill 2020 scaled second reading on Thursday, Feb 18, and was referred to the Committee on Employment, Labour and Productivity to report back within four weeks. Akinyelure said casualisation of Nigerian graduates in the Nigerian labour market, all because employers want to cut costs, has become worrisome. He said: “Statistics from the Nigeria Labour Congress shows that many workers in the telecommunications, oil and gas sectors are engaged as casual labourers by employers of labours. “Other sectors with thousands of casual labourers include mining, steel, banking and insurance.” Akinyelure especially focused on the banking sector. He said banks have turned female marketers into harlots and sexual slaves due to the unrealistic deposit targets they give them. He said: “In the banking and insurance industry, for instance, many young graduates particularly females are employed as marketers and given unrealistic customer deposit targets running into millions.” “They are hired and fired at will when such unrealistic targets are not met. “The female among them who are desperate in keeping their jobs turn to harlotry and sex slavery. “They, move from one office to the other looking for invisible customers who have large funds to enable them meet their targets. “It is high time this evil and devilish act is stopped.” Supporting, Senator Biodun Olujimi said: “Our girls have been turned into what we cannot imagine. “Most of them have been asked to look for funds, and when they come to us, I always tell them, I do not even have the funds to eat; how can I have funds to keep with you in the bank? “They will never be promoted if they don’t bring in such funds, and this is a banking industry that is privately owned, yes, but has made so much profit, and from the profit they could at least take the few that they can manage properly, rather than take a lot that they will be giving pittance.” The Senate President, Ahmad Lawan, in his remark charged the Committee on Employment, Labour and Productivity to strike a balance in the Prohibition of Casualisation Bill to ensure that casual workers in the country were not laid off from their jobs.  Source ....As Senators blame banks for turning female marketers  into sexual slaves, harlots   By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate, on Thursday, considered a bill seeking to stop employers in the private and public sectors from engaging employable Nigerian graduates as casual workers. The Prohibition of Casualization Bill 2020, is… In "Top Stories" By Folasade Folarin Funke Alabi has been working in a bank as a contract employee for the past four years and she is now getting apprehensive about what the future holds for her. She does not know if her contract with the bank will be renewed or not and even… In "News" FRESH tactics aimed at curtailing casualisation and outsourcing of jobs across the country is being put in place by the leadership of the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC). Though still under wrap, the tactics as proposed by the NLC is expected to bring to the front burner once more the negative… In "News"