A Nigerian scammer, Obinwanne Okeke aka Invictus will know his fate today in the fraud case brought against him by the FBI.  Recall that Invictus was once listed on the Forbes Africa 30 Under 30. He will on Tuesday (today) be sentenced by a Virginia Court in the United States .  Okeke, who was on August 6, 2019 arrested by the Federal Bureau of Investigation , later pleaded guilty to two charges of Internet fraud in the US that caused $11m losses to his victims. He risks a maximum sentence of 20 years in jail. The defendant who had investments in oil and gas, agriculture , private equity, alternative energy , telecom and real estate had operated his holdings under the ‘ Invictus Group’ and had presence in three countries including Nigeria, South Africa and Zambia. The businessman , who was described as an inspiration to many Nigerian youths before he was exposed, is believed to have defrauded American citizens through fraudulent wire transfer instructions in a massive , coordinated , business e- mail compromise scheme. Last December , a Federal High Court in Lagos ordered the permanent forfeiture of N235, 451, 969 found in his bank account.   The Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) in the United States has apprehended a Nigerian serial entrepreneur identified as Obinwanne (Invictus Obi) Okeke. Okeke, who was listed among Forbes 100 Most Influential Young Africans 2018, was arrested by the FBI over $12m fraud. The FBI did a thorough investigation on the… In "News" Obinwanne Okeke, Invictus Group CEO who is popularly known as Invictus Obi, has erased all traces of his social media existence. Save for his personal blog, (http://www.obinwanne.com) and bios on his company’s platforms, Okeke’s social media pages have been deleted since he found himself in troubled waters. But how did… In "Features" Obinwanne Okeke, the Nigerian ‘businessman’ arrested in the United States last August, has capitulated after months of putting up spirited fights against the two-count charge of wire and computer fraud slammed on him by American authorities, Premium Times exclusively reports. Mr Okeke, also known as Invictus Obi in Nigeria, has… In "News"