By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  The President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, has condemned the attack on Friday on Government Secondary School, Jangebe in Zamfara State where hundreds of schoolgirls were abducted. Lawan expressed sadness and outrage that the incident happened while efforts were still being made to rescue those abducted just over a week ago at another secondary school in Kagara, Niger State. Lawan made the condemnation in a statement signed by the Special Adviser (Media) to President of the Senate, Ola Awoniyi made available to Sundiata Post. The Senate President said the recurrent attacks on schools and other acts of banditry call for intense soul searching on how the nation arrived at this sorry pass and how to cage the monster of violent crimes in Nigeria. Lawan expressed his sympathy for the abducted schoolgirls and urged the authorities at all levels to work together to ensure their immediate rescue. The Senate President also reiterated his call on the state authorities to accord priority to securing schools and other locations now seen as soft targets by savage criminals.  ...Police DIG relocates to Yobe  ...Aisha Buhari Begs Abductors to Leave Our Daughters Alone   Abuja （Sundiata Post）-  Some parents of the 110 abducted Government Girls Science and Technology College pupils in Dapchi, Yobe State, and sympathisers on Thursday occupied the premises of the National Assembly complex in Abuja, calling on… In "News" 。。。 As Dapchi Schools Remain Closed 11 Days After 。。。PDP Hails Reps’ Probe of Dapchi Abduction 。。。As NBA, ECWA Women Urge FG to Ensure Safe Return of Abducted Girls 。。。Residents Hold Prayer for Schoolgirls 。。。Parents Lament Failure to Secure Girls’ Release 。。。Military Seeks Information, Cooperation   Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Jama’atu… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, is relieved at the news of the release of the hundreds of schoolboys kidnapped last week Friday at the Government Science Secondary School, Kankara in Katsina State.Lawan says the news that all the kidnapped boys regained… In "Top Stories"