Mr Adegboyega Oyetola, Osun State Governor, has directed all council chairmen and other political office holders at Local Government Councils in the state to vacate offices, The PUNCH reports.  He made this known in a statement by the Secretary to the State Government, Prince Wole Oyebamiji, titled ‘Important public notice’ on Friday. According to the governor, the affected political office holders were asked to leave because their tenure had expired. The notice read, “The Executive Governor of the State of Osun, Mr Adegboyega Oyetola has directed all political office holders at the Local Government Councils to vacate their respective offices and hand over the Administration of their concerned Councils to the most Senior Local Government Personnel. “This is in pursuant to the expiration of the tenure of all political Office holders in all the Local Government, Area Development Councils and Administrative offices in Osun on Friday, 5th February, 2021. “Governor Oyetola appreciates their individual contributions to the development of the state and wishes them well in their future engagements.” Details later…  Source By Funmilayo Adeyemi Abuja - The South-West Zonal Leadership of National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS) has commended Gov. Adegboyega Oyetola of Osun for rescuing the youth in the state from unemployment. The NANS South-West Coordinator, Mr Kowe Kalusa gave the commendation in a statement made available to the News… In "News" By Victor Adeoti Osogbo - Gov. Adegboyega Oyetola on Wednesday inaugurated members of the Osun Independent Electoral Commission (OSIEC) ahead of the local government poll in the state. Oyetola, during the inauguration in Osogbo, urged members of the commission to conduct a free, fair, credible and peaceful election. The governor… In "News" From left-Representative of the Ekiti State Governor, Commissioner for Health Ekiti, Hon. Christiana Kolade Yaya, Special Adviser General Administration Governor’s Office, Mr. Niyi Idowu, Representative of the Governor State of Osun, Mr. Adegbeyega Oyetola, Special Adviser Public Health, Pharmacy, Olamiju Olasiji, and Commissioner for Information & Civic Orientation, Mrs. Egbemode… In "News"