Ogun State Governor Dapo Abiodun has warned the National Union of Road Transport Workers (NURTW) to stay away from parks and garages, to avoid incurring the wrath of the law. The warning, Abiodun said, became necessary following intelligence report alleging that the NURTW had perfected plots to return to the parks and garages to collect dues and revenues, purportedly on behalf of the government. He gave the warning on Sunday through a statement by the Commissioner for Information and Strategy, Alhaji AbdulWaheed Odusile. The governor noted that the planned return of the union is against the decision of the government to ban NURTW activities at the motor parks and garages. “Following crisis in the leadership of the NURTW in the state that threatened security of lives and property, particularly public transport, the House of Assembly last June passed a resolution suspending the activities of the union. The government subsequently banned the activities of the union at motor parks and garages. “Security agencies have been directed to arrest and prosecute any operative of the NURTW or indeed anyone, group or association that has not been approved by the government to act on its behalf that attempts to defy the decision of the government or test its resolve to maintain peace and security in all parts of the state, including motor parks. “Unlike what obtained in the past, this administration has been methodical and deliberate in its approach to maintain peace at the motor parks as well as management of transport unions’ activities, and will not allow anyone to undermine the prevailing peaceful environment,” he said. The Nation By Akeem Abas   Ibadan    -       Gov. Abiola Ajimobi of Oyo State has described the sudden death of Alhaji Taofeek Oyerinde, the state’s Chairman of the National Union of Road and Transport Workers(NURTW), as depressing and tragic. This was contained in a statement signed by his… In "News" By David Adeoye Ibadan - Mr Shina Olukolu, the Commissioner of Police in Oyo State, says 29 members of the National Union of Road Transport Workers (NURTW), have been arrested for hooliganism and attempted forceful take-over of the leadership of the union. Olukolu made this known on Monday in Ibadan… In "Metro" By David Adeoye Ibadan - The Oyo State government will, on Monday, name and inaugurate managers for motor parks in all the 33 local government areas across the state. Prof Raphael Afonja, the state Commissioner for Works and Transport, disclosed this while addressing newsmen in Ibadan on Friday. Afonja said… In "News"