Mohammed Adamu, the Inspector-General of Police (IGP) has given a directive to police officers in the 36 states of Nigeria to carry out full enforcement of the COVID-19 Health Protection Regulations 2021 which was signed into law by President Buhari in January.  The law stipulates that anyone caught violating the COVID-19 protocols should be arrested and stands the risk of paying a fine or going to jail for six months or both. According to a statement by the Force Public Relations Officer, CP Frank Mba, the order was to Assistant IGPs in the 17 zonal commands and their constituent Commissioners of Police (CPs) in the 36 States of the Federation and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), Abuja. The IGP instructed them to ensure full compliance with the Regulations in their respective Areas of Responsibilities (AoR) The Statement Reads; “The Inspector General of Police, IGP M.A Adamu, NPM, mni has ordered the Assistant Inspectors General of Police in the seventeen (17) zonal commands and their constituent Commissioners of Police in the thirty-six (36) States of the Federation and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), Abuja, to carry out full enforcement of the Coronavirus Disease (COVID-19) Health Protection Regulations 2021 signed into law by His Excellency, President Muhammadu Buhari, GCFR on 26th January, 2021. They are to ensure full compliance with the Regulations in their respective Areas of Responsibilities (AoR). The IGP gave the order to the Strategic Police Managers following the directives by the President as contained in the Coronavirus Disease (COVID-19) Health Protection Regulations 2021 which mandates the Nigeria Police Force and other agencies of Government mentioned therein to ensure full enforcement of the Regulations in public places – places of worship, workplace and schools, banks, public transport vehicles, hostels, boarding houses, detention centres, etc – and general restrictions on gatherings as well as the use of face mask. The IGP, while noting that the uncertainty and risks engendered by the advent of the COVID-19 pandemic have placed additional responsibilities on the general public, calls on citizens to voluntarily comply with the provisions of the Regulations for the safety of all. The IGP further cautions officers enforcing the Regulations to show tact, compassion and empathy with the citizens. He reiterates that the officers must be firm and professional and at the same time remain polite, civil and respect the fundamental rights of the citizens.” Source By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Inspector-General of Police, IGP M.A Adamu, has directed the Commissioners of Police in all the States of the Federation and the FCT as well as their supervisory Assistant Inspectors General of Police in the seventeen (17) Zonal Commands to intensify confidence building… In "Top Stories" …Says Defaulters, Escorting Security Officers Will Be Summarily Dealt With By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Acting Inspector-General of Police M.A Adamu has banned unauthorized use of unmarked and covered vehicle number plate across the country. Adamu said that defaulters and the security personnel found escorting them will be… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Civil Liberties Organisation (CLO) has commended the Inspector General of Police, IGP Abubukar Adamu for ordering the arrest and trial of his erring and trigger-happy officers who went about killing citizen and destroying their properties. The group which noted that the civilised and… In "Top Stories"