The President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), has met with the new Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, Abdulrasheed Bawa, at the Presidential Villa in Abuja on Thursday. Though details of the closed-door meeting have not been revealed, photos from the meeting were shared on the official Twitter handle of the Nigerian Government. “President @MBuhari received in audience the newly appointed @officialEFCC Chairman, Abdulrasheed Bawa at the State House, Abuja,” the photos were captioned.  Bawa who was nominated for the EFCC job by Buhari was yesterday confirmed by the Senate after a screening session. During the screening, he addressed the allegation that some assets belonging to the anti-graft Commission in Port Harcourt were sold by him. “I never sold a single truck at the Port Harcourt office; the head office handled that at the time,” he said.  “When I took over the Port Harcourt office, they had 34 convictions but when I got there, we recorded 216 convictions. “Anybody that is familiar with the processes of the EFCC knows that the chairman doesn’t have the power to sell an asset but the secretary of the agency.”  Source ‌By Olalekan Adetayo,Eniola Akinkuotu and Sunday Aborisade. The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission on Tuesday absolved its new Chairman, Abdulrasheed Bawa, of allegations of corruption. A few hours after President Muhammadu Buhari appointed him as the EFCC chairman on Tuesday, there were reports of his involvement in corruption. But the… In "News" •EFCC Chairman-nominee, Abdulrasheed Bawa  ABUJA - The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has promoted its Chairman-nominee, Abdulrasheed Ahmed Bawa, and 88 others. They were promoted from Grade Level 13 Principal Detective Superintendent (PDS) to grade level 14 Deputy Chief Detective Superintendent (DCDS) Grade Level 14, effective from January 1,… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate on Tuesday received a formal request from President Muhammadu Buhari seeking the confirmation of appointment of Abdulrasheed Bawa as Chairman of the Economic Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC).  The letter which was addressed to the Senate President, Ahmad Lawan, was read during… In "Top Stories"