A blogger based in Bayelsa State, Saint Mienpamo Onitsha, has apologised to the Kogi State Governor, Yahaya Bello, following his report alleging that he intended to spend N7bn on the Kogi Isolation Centre for COVID-19, which was destroyed by a rainstorm.  The report published in May 2020 on his blog, www.naijalivetv.com, generated controversies, led to his arrest and arraignment at the Federal High Court. But Onitsha, in a statement on Tuesday, admitted that the publication was false and begged the governor and the state government to forgive him. DSS official, Kogi governor’s aide recalledHe said: “I hereby render an unreserved apology over a publication, which I posted on my website, www.naijalivetv.com on May 2, 2020, entitled, ‘it will cost us N7 billion naira to build and equip the Kogi Isolation Centre for Covid-19 which rain destroyed, says Yahaya Bello’. “I further express my deepest regret for the post and publication which was false and I regret my action for any embarrassment it may have caused you and your administration. I am sincerely sorry and kindly find a place in your heart to forgive me”. Source •The late Justice Nasir Ajanah ABUJA - Mr. Justice Nasir Ajanah, Chief Judge of Kogi State has died, TheCable reports.According to the online newspaper, Justice Ajana died at the COVID-19 isolation centre in Gwagwalada, Abuja. Kogi State Governor, Yahaya Bello, has consistently denied the existence of COVID-19 in his state.… In "Top Stories" Kogi State Governor, Alhaji Yahaya Bello has again disagreed with the National Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), this time, over the cause of death of the state’s Chief Judge, Justice Nasir Ajanah. Ajanah died on Sunday, at the Gwagwalada COVID-19 isolation centre, from alleged complications arising from novel disease. Bello… In "News" Moses Emorinken, AbujaThere was a mild drama in Lokoja, Kogi State capital on Thursday as a delegation of the Federal Government, who were in the state for an assessment of its COVID-19 status, departed the state unceremoniously. It was later discovered that the delegation comprising officials of the Nigeria Centre… In "News"