Nigeria’s leading hygiene and household disinfectant brand, JIK, has announced a strategic endorsement with the National Association of Nigeria Nurses and Midwives (NANNM), to promote hygiene practices.  This partnership is in line with JIK’s long-term vision to realise a world where families are safe from illness-causing germs and viruses. NANNM is a professional-cum-trade union organisation of professional nurses and midwives, who are trained, registered and licensed to practise nursing at all levels of health care delivery system. The brand said the strategic endorsement deal would enable Reckitt Benckiser (RB Nigeria), through its brand, JIK, to further encourage good hygiene practices in communities and the public through far-reaching bouquets of programmes.  “It will also help to create and release public awareness messages, campaigns and sponsorship on public health and personal hygiene to promote and increase awareness of health and hygiene matters among the public.” Speaking on the endorsement, Country Manager, RB Hygiene West Africa, Asif Hashimi, said: “Our endorsement by the NANNM is a perfect fit since we both share a common objective to promote good hygiene practices. Nurses are most times the first point of call when individuals get ill. With this endorsement, we can collaborate to drive high standard in hygiene practices. With JIK, our fight is to empower individuals to keep their families safe from illness-causing germs and viruses.’’ NANNM General Secretary Thomas Shettima said the association was proud to identify with JIK. “Reckitt Benckiser’s products are well-tested and the efficacy of their products – especially JIK, is not in doubt; the reason for our acceptance of the brand,” he added.  Source By Vivian Ihechu   Lagos,    -      Head of Service, Lagos State, Mrs Folashade Adesoye says there is need for nurses to develop a proper understanding of healthcare financing and budgeting. Adesoye, made the call on Wednesday in Lagos, at the 2018 Nurses Week of the Department of… In "News" Lexi Elo The National Association of Nigerian Nurses and Midwives (NANNM) has signed a memorandum of Understanding (MoU) to help deliver the right level of healthcare to children and child-bearing mothers across the country. The partnership is aimed at taking healthcare services to families and children down to the grass… In "Health" By Felicia Imohimi Abuja - Saleh Ndaski, the Head of Nursing Department, Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria, on Saturday called for adequate training and retraining, as well as motivation of nurses for quality healthcare delivery in the country. Ndaski made the call at the annual national conference of National Association of… In "News"