The ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) has urged the new Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Abdulrasheed Bawa, to fight corruption without discrimination. In a statement on Thursday in Abuja by the Secretary of its Caretaker/Extra-Ordinary Convention Planning Committee (CECPC), Senator John James Akpanudoedehe, the party advised the new anti-graft boss to be guided by the stance of President Muhammadu Buhari that the fight against corruption must be total and unsparing. “Following the unanimous approval by the Ninth Senate, the APC welcomes President Buhari’s appointment of Bawa as the new substantive chairman of the EFCC. “Against the backdrop of the APC’s 2015 and 2019 presidential election victories, the fight against corruption is one of the major promises the President Buhari-led APC administration made to Nigerians. To this end, we are confident that the Bawa-led EFCC will intensify the administration’s current campaign to end impunity and graft.” Read Also: Malami may compromise Bawa as EFCC chair, says SagayLauding the appointment of the new EFCC boss, APC said: “Bawa’s 16 years of work experience and in different strategic capacities at the EFCC has prepared him for the important job. Drawing from a pool of well-trained workers can only increase professionalism through reliance on institutional memory and also boost workers’ morale, as in the case of Bawa’s appointment. Again, his youth is an advantage and an indication that the present administration believes in its youth population.” The party urged the new helmsman to fight corruption to a standstill. “From advance fee fraud, money laundering, public sector corruption and other financial crime-related issues, economic and financial crimes are becoming increasingly sophisticated criminal activities which keep evolving with the times. “To be steps ahead, the Bawa-led EFCC must invest in technology and ensure synergy, cooperation and partnership with relevant agencies – locally and internationally – to effectively prosecute the current administration’s war against graft. “Corruption is the root cause of most of the society problems, particularly underdevelopment and poverty, which the current administration is working assiduously to reverse. Blind to religious, cultural, political and sundry leanings, corruption is a common enemy which we must use all lawful means to end. It is the reason President Buhari’s administration has dedicated itself to end impunity and ensure that our commonwealth works for the common man, not a few.” The Nation ....I'm eminently qualified to be EFCC Chairman By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate has screened and confirmed Abdulrasheed Bawa as the substantive Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC). This is also as Bawa has said that he is eminently qualified to occupy the position… In "Top Stories" A Chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC) and former governorship candidate in Imo State, Uche Nwosu, has lauded the appointment of AbdulRasheed Bawa, as the substantive Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), as an opportunity to harness the talent and energy of Nigerian youths in driving… In "News" ‌By Olalekan Adetayo,Eniola Akinkuotu and Sunday Aborisade. The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission on Tuesday absolved its new Chairman, Abdulrasheed Bawa, of allegations of corruption. A few hours after President Muhammadu Buhari appointed him as the EFCC chairman on Tuesday, there were reports of his involvement in corruption. But the… In "News"