Unknown gunmen reportedly shot dead a mobile police officer along Airport Road in Warri South council area of Delta state, Thursday afternoon. The rifle of the police officer was also carted away by the hoodlums, suspected to be armed robbers. The Nation learnt that the armed men had invaded a furniture shop located opposite Edjeba Junction in Warri. It was not clear if the gunmen made away with cash from the furniture shop, as of the time of filing this report. “The gunmen went to a furniture shop. They shot dead a yet-to-be identified police officer, today (Thursday). “We don’t know if they collected anything like money from them. The deceased (mobile police officer) died instantly,” a source stated. The manager of the furniture shop declined to make comments, when contacted. Recall that some bandits reportedly killed two operatives of the Operation Delta Safe (OPS) around Asaba, the state capital. Similarly, another mobile policeman on escort duty was killed at a Church in Otor-Ogor community, near Ughelli on Sunday, with his service rifle stolen. Spokesperson for the Delta State Police Command, SP Onome Onovwakpoyeya, confirmed Thursday’s incident. She said, “yes, it is confirmed. A police officer was shot dead, but we don’t have the details yet.” The Nation There was panic in most parts of Warri and environs yesterday as another mobile policeman was shot dead by suspected armed robbers in the oil rich town and his AK 47 rifle allegedly taken away. The policeman, who hails from Ondo State, was killed on Thursday night at a fuel… In "News" According to a report by Punch Metro, some unknown gunmen have reportedly killed two yet-to-be-identified mobile policemen at Old Ekete Junction in Udu Local Government Area of Delta State. It was learnt that the mobile police officers attached to Club 316 were allegedly shot dead by the gunmen at Old… In "Metro" Unidentified armed men on Monday evening gunned down the spokesman of a group, Ijaw Interest Advocate (IIA), Comrade Famous Belief Wonikiri-Ebi, near Onos School Road, Udu council area of Delta state. According to sources, the victim was shot on the neck, in front of his wife’s shop. His car was… In "News"