The Kogi state government has reacted after the Presidential Task Force on COVID19 classified the state as a ”High Risk” state for COVID19 in Nigeria.  The PTF gave the classification on Monday, February 1 following the state’s unwillingness to acknowledge the existence of the disease, report tests or build isolation centres. The PTF warned Nigerians to beware of visiting the state. Reacting to the PTF’s classification, the state’s commissioner for information and communication, Kingsley Fanwo, said the PTF was trying to create alarm in the state and drive investors away. He said the government is attacking the state because of its stance that the COVID-19 pandemic should not be turned into a money-making venture to the detriment of Nigerians. “Despite their unreliable figures, Kogi emerged as the preferred investment destination of Nigeria in the last quarter of 2020. They felt embarrassed and the best way to hit back is to create a picture of health crisis in the state. Kogi was the first state to procure face masks in thousands and distributed to all the councils, as well as the first to set up a team to combat the spread of the virus. We set up isolation centres with state-of-the-art equipment. We have done sensitisation more than any other state. So if we don’t believe that COVID-19 exists, we won’t be doing all we are doing to ensure it doesn’t ravage our state. What we said and still saying is that COVID-19 is not worth all the marketing going on just for a few to make billions; that we do not have to suffer innocent Nigerians while a few smile to the banks.”he said.  Source Abuja - The Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19 has appealed to all health workers and authorities of healthcare facilities to help reduce avoidable fatalities occurring from the non-Coronavirus (COVID-19) related conditions, by attending to all patients while still observing the COVID-19 protocols. Mr Boss Mustapha, Secretary to the Government… In "Health" The Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19 has listed Kogi, Kebbi, Jigawa, Zamfara as high-risk state for failing to give the daily COVID-19 reports. National Incident Manager (NIM) of the PTF COVID-19 pandemic, Mukhtar Muhammad warned Nigerians against visiting the state during the task force's press briefing on Monday, February… In "Politics" All over the world, the war against coronavirus (COVID-19) is frontally led and coordinated at the national level. This is also the case with Nigeria where the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 (PTF on COVID-19) is leading the war in order to ensure a coordination of a ‘single set of… In "Opinion"