There was an uneasy calm yesterday at Erin-Osun and Ilobu communities in Irepodun Local Government of Osun State. This followed a curfew imposed by Governor Adegboyega Oyetola to restore peace after a communal clash that claimed lives and belongings last weekend. It was gathered that some youths still attacked themselves on Sunday night despite the curfew and razed down buildings. However, there was an uneasy calm yesterday, as the warring parties were eager to attack one another again. Seven persons have been feared killed in the fracas. The government and security operatives were holding a meeting with stakeholders from the two communities to broker peace at press time. The Ilurin of Erin-Osun, Chief Olawuyi Adeleke and Otun Jagun of Ilobu, High Chief Goke Ogunsola, featuring on a radio station, Rave FM, during a talk show, ‘Frank Talk’, monitored by our reporter yesterday in Osogbo, said: “We will sheathe our swords if the other party does not strike.” Adeleke alleged that Ilobu people have killed four indigenes of Erin-Osun, including a commercial driver. Ogunsola also alleged: “On February 6, Erin-Osun people attacked our people who were returning from Aro and Ara village. The injured have been admitted at the University of Osun Teaching Hospital. Three of them have died; one is in a critical condition.” The Nation Three persons were feared killed on Sunday and several others injured during a clash between Erin-Osun and Ilobu in Irepodun Local Government Area of Osun State over land dispute. The two communities have been on loggerhead for months over land boundaries. Youths from the two communities clashed on Saturday evening… In "News" There was mayhem in Ogboro, Orlu, Imo State, on Monday when the hostilities between the Eastern Security Network (ESN) and soldiers became worsened. Ten residents were reportedly killed, while over 13 buildings and shops were burnt. The soldiers, who were initially deployed to dismantle the formations of the ESN, were… In "News" ILORIN (Sundiata Post) - The Kwara State Government has refuted reports of ongoing communal clashes in Ifelodun Local Government Area and other parts of the state, while urging residents, including corps members to go about their normal activities. The state government, in a statement on Sunday, said that peace had… In "News"