Nigerian lawmakers are one of the poorest in the world, House of Representatives spokesperson, Benjamin Kalu, has stated. He was responding to a question on the status of investigative reports and alleged compromise of the lawmakers on some of the reports. He debunked claims of compromise and blamed COVID-19 for the delays on consideration of the reports. Kalu added the lawmakers were falling sick due to pressure from constituents making financial demands. “As per being compromised, you would have seen it on the lawmakers. This is the poorest parliament. You don’t see the lawmakers living in luxury. Compromised with what? With position or money? These guys are suffering,” Kalu said. “That is why most of the sickness they are passing through are heart attacks. It is this failure or that failure, due to stress from their constituents. “The truth must be told, whether you understand it or not. Let the press know this that the pressure from the constituents is killing members of the National Assembly. That is the truth. The pressure is too much,” he added. Four senators and three members of the House of Representatives have died from various ailments in the Ninth Assembly. The latest is a member of the House, Ossy Prestige, from Abia State, who died in a German hospital. In 2020, N125 billion was allocated to the National Assembly in the budget while N134 billion was allocated to the parliament in the 2021 budget. The Nation By Raji Rasak Badagry (Lagos State) - Rep. Babatunde Hunpe, representing Badagry Federal Constituency in the House of Representatives, has assured his constituents of high quality job on the ongoing Gbaji-Apa-Owode Road construction project. Hunpe, in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Tuesday in Badagry, assured… In "Politics" By Cecilia Ijuo Abuja -- A member of the National Assembly, Sen. Abdullahi Gumel, has expressed concern over the decline in the number of Senators returning to the 9th Senate. Gumel(APC-Jigawa) told the News Agency of Nigeria(NAN) in an interview on Tuesday in Abuja that the continuous turnover of lawmakers… In "Foreign" Senator Orji Uzor Kalu has canceled his trip to Spain after members of the Indigenous People of Biafra beat up former Deputy Senate President, Ike Ekweremadu, on Saturday, in Germany. However, the lawmaker said his decision to ditch the trip was not to avoid assault from members of IPOB. In… In "Politics"