Ebonyi State Governor, David Umahi has stated that everyone in South-East wants to be a member of the ruling All Progressive Congress.  The Governor who visited the Chairman of the APC Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee, Mai Mala Buni at the party’s National Secretariat in Abuja on Wednesday, February 10, said everybody in South-East wants to belong to the APC and also called for more registration forms to the region. Umahi said the “mad rush” to get registered to the APC in the South East is because of President Muhammadu Buhari’s giant strides in the region. He Said; “It is a party affair. Party discipline requires that you sit down and discuss issues. “You advance your reasons and another person will also advance his. And then the party as a family will take a position. “I complained to him [Buni] that the hundreds of forms at the polling units are a far cry from what we expected. “Everybody in South-East wants to belong to the APC. “The ongoing registration, arrangements and logistics and the intentions are very wonderful. “It is first class because I have never seen it in any party administration. “So it is important I come to commend him and to also commend the staff who are working with him. This is essentially the reasons why I have come. “You know since I joined the party in November, I have not visited the party’s National Secretariat. And so the Chairman afforded me the opportunity while he is around to visit. “So, I visited not just because I am visiting first, but to also appreciate the beautiful work the chairman of the party, my dear brother and colleague, Governor of Yobe state is doing for our party, making it to be more digital.”  Source Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Rivers Stat koe Governor, Nyesom Wike, on Wednesday, slams his Ebonyi State counterpart, Dave Umahi, for calling him a dictator who controls the structure of the Peoples Democratic Party.Wike also said Umahi was wrong to have said he singlehandedly imposed Uche Secondus as the National Chairman… In "Top Stories" The All Progressives Congress has stepped up moves to persuade more governors from the South-East region to join it following the decision of the Ebonyi State Governor, David Umahi, to dump the Peoples Democratic Party. The PUNCH gathered on Monday that the APC Caretaker/Extra-Ordinary National Convention Planning Committee led by… In "Politics" Ebonyi State Governor, Engr. David Umahi, will not be joining the All Progressives Congress (APC) alone, but with a large number of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), News Express has learnt.   Joining the Umahi to APC include the Speaker of the Ebonyi State House of Assembly, Hon. Francis Nwifuru,… In "Politics"