Mr Gboyega Akosile, the Chief Press Secretary to Governor Sanwo Olu has reacted to the planned protest against the reopening of the Lekki tollgate on Saturday, February 13, 2020.  Some Nigerian youths have threatened to carry out a protest at the Lekki tollgate over plans by the Lagos state government to reopen it for operations. They have begun to mobilise on social media with #RevolutionNow and #OccupyLekkiTollGate, with the matter trending as number one and three on Twitter. As of 11 am, some of the youths shared Display Pictures and banners to create awareness about the protest. Information on the posters showed that the protest is planned to start at 7 am on Saturday, February 13, 2020. Some of the posters have inscriptions such as “No justice, no reopening”, and “Occupy Lekki tollgate” among others. Reacting to the planned protest, the Chief Press Secretary to the Lagos State Governor, Gboyega Akosile, in response to a tweet with the hashtag #DontLetThemBringLagosDown, said “nobody will bring our dear Lagos State down! Their rights end where other people’s rights begin.” Source The global rights group, Amnesty International, has collated and released a timeline of the killing of #EndSARS protesters by soldiers at the Lekki tollgate, Lagos on October 20.   The AI said its crisis response experts investigated and verified social media videos and photographs that confirmed the security forces were… In "News" All Progressives Congress chieftain, Bola Tinubu, says he will never be part of any carnage.   Tinubu was reacting to Tuesday night attack which saw security forces open fire on #EndSARS protesters at the Lekki tollgate area of Lagos State.   The former Lagos State governor spoke on Wednesday morning… In "Politics" The Commander of 81 Military Intelligence Brigade, Victoria Island, Lagos, Brig. Gen. Ahmed Taiwo, on Saturday, said the Nigerian Army was not happy that the Governor of Lagos State, Mr. Babajide Sanwo-Olu, denied inviting the military on October 20, 2020, during the #ENDSARS protest at Lekki Toll Gate The Army… In "News"