Gabriel Ogunlana, a native of Oyo State, has told the story of how he escaped an assassination attempt by herdsmen in the Eruwa part of the State.  Ogunlana told SaharaReporters that he would have been killed, but for the courage, he had to drive past while they were shooting at his vehicle by heavily-armed Fulani men. He said he was driving along the Eruwa-Ibadan Road on Saturday evening when he was almost killed by the Fulani herdsmen. He said: “I escaped a kidnapping attack along Eruwa-Ibadan Road. When I first heard a gunshot, I thought it was my tyre that deflated but I didn’t stop, only to set my eyes on three of them firing at me and my car. I could see five fully armed Fulani men on the road. “My car was shot at repeatedly. Bullets damaged my tyres and pierced the gearbox of my car.” According to him, the attackers were of Fulani extraction, adding that there is a Fulani settlement along that road. He also said Fulani killed a wealthy man on the road for refusing to follow them after he was attacked. “There is a popular market on the road between Ibadan and Eruwa. The name of that market is Okolo market. Okolo market is just eight kilometres away from Eruwa. “There is a Fulani market called Kara market, it is about four kilometres away from Okolo. Between Okolo and Kara market is a place called Tipala. Tipala is about two minutes drive to Kara market. “A few days ago, Fulani attacked another person on the same road. The person was reported to be rich and the person was killed by the Fulani upon his refusal to follow them,” Ogunlana said.  Source A promising footballer has died a painful death in the hands of suspected Fulani herdsmen, It was gathered that the talented footballer identified as Terwase Iorbee was attacked and killed by Fulani herdsmen in Gwer-West Local Government Area of Benue State. Terwase, a talented footballer, who also worked as a… In "News" A businesswoman, Modupeoluwa Oyetoso, has been mourning the death of her fiancé, who was shot by suspected herdsmen at the Lanlete area of the Ibarapa East Local Government Area of Oyo State. According to PUNCH the lovers were returning from the farm when the four suspects waylaid them around 5pm.… In "Metro" Chief Sunday Adeyemo, the activist who is popularly known as Sunday Igboho, has spoken on why he gave a quit order to killer herdsmen in the Ibarapa area of Oke Ogun, Oyo State, in this interview with a popular broadcaster, Kola Olootu. WALE OYEWALE, who monitored the interview online, brings… In "News"