Governor Yahaya Bello has revealed how he tackles insecurity in Kogi state.  Speaking during an interview on Channels Television on Thursday, February 18, Bello averred that he acts on information he receives from security agencies and does not pay lip service to them. He Said; “The Nigeria Police that are in the country today are the same in Kogi State. The Army in the country are the same in Kogi State. All the law enforcement agencies we have in the country today are exactly what I have in Kogi State. “So, when they provide such information, we act on it, we don’t pay lip service, we don’t pass buck, we don’t visit Abuja for solutions at all times. I don’t think there is any day I have ever visited Abuja for any solution. What I do is to sit down here and do my job.” Bello who also stated that there is a need for governors to collaborate and implement policies that will put an end to the farmers-herders crisis affecting parts of the country, also disclosed that stakeholders in Kogi state collaborate with security agencies to analyse intelligence to forestall the breakdown of law and order. He Added; “We are corroborating, the commissioner of police, my director (of) DSS, my Army commander, my naval commander, civil defense commander, we are corroborating and they are relating very well with the citizens, they connected to the people and leadership at all levels are doing their best starting from the community leaders, ward leaders, the local government chairmen, and leaders, youth leaders, market leaders, farmers and what have you. We are corroborating very well.”  Source By Governor Yahaya Bello BEING A PRESS RELEASE TO THE MUSLIM UMMAH AND THE ENTIRE CITIZENS OF KOGI STATE BY HIS EXCELLENCY, ALHAJI YAHAYA BELLO, EXECUTIVE GOVERNOR OF KOGI STATE TO MARK THE 2015 EID-EL-FITR CELEBRATIONS. INTRODUCTION Eid Mubarak to my fellow muslims in Kogi State, around Nigeria and all… In "News" By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - Gov. Yahaya Bello of Kogi says his administration has successfully tackled the challenge of insecurity resulting in the restoration of night life across the state. Bello, who made this known to State House correspondents in Abuja, said the All Progressives Congress led government in Kogi… In "News" By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - Gov. Yahaya Bello of Kogi on Thursday in Abuja dismissed the report of the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) listing Kogi as the most corrupt state in the country. Bello made his position known after a closed door meeting with Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo, at the… In "News"