The National Coordinator of Concerned Advocates for Good Governance, CAGG, Olusegun Bamgbose, Esq has urged President Muhammadu Buhari to vacate Aso Rock since he cannot tackle the issue of insecurity in the country.  Bamgbose noted that it was unfortunate that President Buhari has suddenly become taciturn in reacting to pressing issues of national importance. Addressing a crowd of supporters in Ibadan, Oyo State, Bamgbose, a 2023 presidential hopeful, said that the issue of regional insecurity had been trending for sometime now, leading to the emergence of Yoruba activist, Sunday Igboho in the South West and also the activities of Nnamdi Kanu’s Eastern Security Network, ESN, in the East. There have been cases where Sunday Igboho has confronted the Fulani herdsmen in Oyo and Ogun States, leading to loss of lives and properties. “In the same vein, in the South East, they have had their own share. In Orlu [Imo State] and Isiukwuato [Abia State] there have been fracas. “With all these bothering on insecurity, the Executive President of Nigeria, the Chief Security Officer of the nation, the father of the nation, Mohammadu Buhari has decided to keep mute until the matters get worse,” the senior lawyer said. “This is purely unacceptable and unfortunate. President Buhari has suddenly become inactive. What’s the use of having a leader in the Presidential Villa, who would refuse to act promptly on issues that bother on insecurity. “Why collect salary and other entitlements without impressing the citizens. This has got to stop. It’s either Buhari address the nation or step out of Presidential villa. “We can no longer foot his bill in the villa if he cannot satisfy the expectations of the citizens. What else is Buhari doing in Aso Rock if he cannot act like a leader. “I’ll suggest the National Assembly put a hold on Buhari’s salary and other entitlements pending the time he will act like the President of Nigeria. Nigerians voted for him to protect lives and properties of the citizens. “There is no moral justification for him to remain in the villa, when he has failed in discharging his leadership responsibilities. It’s as serious as that. If he can’t stand the heat, let him get out of the kitchen. Enough is enough.” he declared. Source Popular Yoruba rights activist, Sunday Adeyemo aka Sunday Igboho, has hit the Ooni of Ife, Oba Adeyeye Ogunwusi, for allegedly failing to represent the Yoruba nation well during his recent meeting with President Muhammadu Buhari on killer herdsmen in the South West. The monarch, he alleged, didn’t communicate the anger… In "Features" The President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), and Ooni of Ife, Oba Adeyeye Ogunwusi, met behind closed doors at Aso Rock on the brewing ethnic crisis in Yorubaland. An aide to the monarch told our correspondent that the Ooni told the President the positions of traditional rulers in South-West on… In "News" Popular Yoruba rights activist, Sunday Adeyemo, well known as Sunday Igboho, has labeled a chieftain of the All Progressives Congress, Bola Tinubu; and Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State as ‘Fulani slaves’. The activist stated this on Wednesday morning at a virtual ‘Townhall With Yoruba In Diaspora’ monitored by The… In "News"