Nigerian singer, Sanni Wasiu, popularly known as Lil frosh, has been remanded at the Ikoyi Correctional Centre till March 9, 2021 over the alleged assault on his girlfriend, Okeoghene Iyomaterie. Recall that in October 2020, the singer who was at the time signed under Davido’s record label, DMW records, was called out for subjecting his woman, Okeoghene, to physical and verbal assault while they were dating. Okeoghene in a post shared on her Instagram page, said she had been in a relationship with the musician since January 2020 and that anytime they had a disagreement, he would violently attack her, leaving her with serious bodily injuries. “He consistently slapped me on the face, kicking, pushing me on other sensitive parts. The recent attack happened in September 2020, when he attacked me and rained blow on my head with bruises on my face. I partially lost my sight and had sleepless nights. He repeatedly boasted that since he is a well-known musician he is untouchable.” A suit against Lilfrosh was filed before the Lagos state Magistrate court in Yaba with the help of the International Association Of Women Lawyers, Lagos State branch. At the hearing on Tuesday, February 9, the Magistrate, Adeola Olatunbosun, adjourned the case till March 9, 2021 and ordered that he be remanded at the Ikoyi Correctional Center. The Nation If i am to go by the list of the most popular Nigerian Musicians with Outstanding Performance in 2020, then many up and coming artistes who have done exceedingly well in 2020 won't be mentioned, but we shall do justice by mixing up the list with both the popular and… In "Entertainment" Nigerian Afro-pop singer David Adeleke better known as Davido is set to tie the knot with his girlfriend, Chioma Avril Rowland. The couple recently had their introduction ceremony. The “Blow My Mind” crooner took to his Instagram page to announce the ceremony. He shared a photo of himself with friends… In "Entertainment" Since young Miss Vera Uwaila Omozuwa was r*ped and killed in Benin, Edo State, the conversation around rape has popped up its ugly head again in Nigeria. After the uproar on the demand to arrest and arraign the culprits behind the death of the 100 level student of the University… In "Entertainment"