Dr. Dakuku Peterside, former director-general of the Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency (NIMASA), will deliver the keynote speech at the Standard Organisation of Nigeria( SON) retreat taking place from February 9 to 12 in Calabar, Cross River State.A statement made available to Sundiata Post on Thursday said in the effort to build on the foundation laid by previous managements, the current management of SON would be holding a four-day Leadership Strategy Retreat in Calabar, Cross Rivers State.The Retreat is aimed at repositioning SON for greater effectiveness and efficiency. SON has responsibilities for setting and enforcing standards for industrial goods in Nigeria. The DG/ lCEO of SON, Farouk Salim said the organisation was honored to have Dr Peterside join SON on this agenda-setting four-day retreat. “We look forward to hearing Dakuku Peterside’s story of how he took NIMASA from an underperforming regulatory agency to a world class institution. We will have the privilege to learn of the philosophy that inspired him and the methods that gave him and his Team exceptional results” said Salim.Peterside will be speaking on the theme of the retreat ‘SON: Growing an effective and efficient Regulatory organization’ . This SON strategy retreat is the first major outing in a series of agenda-setting programmes to reposition the agency and set her on the path of becoming the foremost standards organization in Africa. Under the new leadership, the DG is determined to make SON a role model and safeguard Nigerians from the risk of substandard products whether manufactured in the country or imported into the country. SON plans to ramp up enforcement of standards in the next few weeks and make Nigeria hostile for producers of substandard products. Dr Dakuku Peterside, author of the book, ‘Strategic Turnaround’ will be joined by other great organisational development experts at the retreat, which is facilitated by SAMUELSON B. V. Professional Services, a leading Consulting firm in the country.Other resource persons will include Tony Epelle, Managing Consultant & CEO of SAMUELSON; Dr Eric Ighalo, a renowned T?trainer & facilitator; Dr Joseph Odumodu, a former DG of SON; Mr. Osuagwu Sunny Uwanakwa, chairman of SON Review Committee set up by the Salim-led administration and Elijah Affi, Managing Director, Take-Out Media.The retreat will deal with issues like goal setting, art and science of execution for regulatory agencies, key performance indicators and stakeholder management, among other issues. PR Dept , SONIssued February 3rd, 2021 Board, Management Synergy needed to improve NIMASA - DG ABUJA, (Sundiata Post) - The Director General of the Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency (NIMASA), Dr. Dakuku Peterside has noted that to achieve the Agency's vision of becoming the leading maritime administration in Africa advancing Nigeria’s global maritime goals, it… In "NIMASA & Maritime" By Aisha Cole Lagos - The Obong of Calabar, His Royal Majesty, Edidem Ekpo Okon, has expressed confidence in the Board of the Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency (NIMASA) and commended its composition by the Federal Government. The commendation came through a statement by the Head, Corporate Communications Team… In "NIMASA & Maritime" …Wins Award of Public Organization Of The Year 2016 By Nse Anthony-Uko (Sundiata Post) – The management of the Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency (NIMASA) has targeted total eradication of sea crimes -Piracy and Sea robbery- on Nigeria territorial waters before the middle of 2018. This was disclosed by… In "NIMASA & Maritime"