….Alerts that task forces and committees would persuade members of the public to enforce compliance By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Presidency has decried citizens’ non-compliance with just signed Executive Order that makes mask wearing and observation of social distancing in the public mandatory, appealing to Nigerians to give their maximum cooperation for success of the policy. Garba Shehu while frowning at the non-compliance via series of tweets on behalf of the Presidency, warned that COVID-19 task forces and committees would persuade members of the public to cooperate with the government in achieving compliance. The statement reads; The Presidency is worried by reports of non-compliance with just signed Executive Order that makes mask wearing and observation of social distancing in the public mandatory, appealing to Nigerians to give their maximum cooperation for success of the policy. President Muhammadu Buhari introduced the order with the best of intentions and not with any motive to punish citizens. The Presidency appeals to State Governments, traditional rulers and religious leaders to play active roles in the sensitization and enforcement of the Executive Order. To achieve this, COVID-19 task forces and committees should persuade members of the public to cooperate with the government in achieving compliance and avoid crude methods that may create resistance and resentment, thereby defeating the primary goal of the Executive Order. The Buhari administration is most reluctant to lockdown the country and continues to emphasize the non-pharmaceutical measures and the only way to avert lockdowns is to observe these measures as put in place by the Presidential Task Force. Nigerians have come a long way from the dreaded lockdown and the administration is unhappy about any prospects of bringing it back as many citizens will not have food on the table without venturing out on a day- to-day business. Nigerians are required to wear masks, wash hands regularly with soap and clean water, and keep safe distance with anybody not in your household, hoping that this will help check spread of COVID-19. Though vaccine availability is within reach, the propensity of the public for noncompliance weakens the fight against the virus. Nigerians must ignore baseless conspiracy theories that seek to deny the reality of the pandemic by complying with the order to wear masks. We have a duty to protect ourselves and others in this difficult global health crisis; no one has immunity against this pandemic. Ignoring health warnings and refusing to comply with safety measures does more harm than good. The COVID-19 pandemic is a major threat to public health and wearing of masks, social distancing in public places and the basic hygiene are necessary measures that have to be taken to safeguard the well-being of our citizens. Nigerians must always have it in mind that the #COVID-19 pandemic is not only a threat to the health of the population but it is equally so to the national economy, and to every aspect of our everyday life. Protecting public health is one of the sacred duties of any responsible government and the administration will not abdicate that responsibility. Sundiata Post recalls that the Peoples Democcratic Party yesterday called on President Muhammadu Buhari to apologise to Nigerians for violating his own executive orders on COVID-19 Protocols. President Buhari was said to have appeared in a gathering without a face mask while signing APC register at Daura at the weekend as he visited his country home for the exercise.