Ahmad Tijjani Abubakar, the Legistrative aide to Hon. Ahmed Idris Wase, the Deputy Speaker of the House of Representatives has tendered his resignation.  The aide submitted his resignation letter to the Clerk of the National Assembly, Abuja on January 27, 2021. Abubakar posted the letter on Facebook on Sunday, January 31, saying that his integrity and peace of mind is priceless. “ALHAMDULILLAH. My integrity and peace of mind are priceless. One is off the other is on the way. May ALLAH SWT continue to be our source of everything we need in the name of our Holy Prophet Muhammad Sallallahu Alaihi wa Sallam.” he wrote. The letter reads in part, “With all due respect sir, I write to notify you of my desire to resign my appointment as a Legislative Aide to Rt. Hon. Ahmad Idris Wase, the Deputy Speaker of the House of Representatives on personal grounds effective from February 28, 2021 which is exactly one month from the date of this letter as required in paragraph 3 of my Letter of Apponitment dated 20th September 2019,” “Sir, I hope my unpaid 2019 arrears will be kindly credited to my account ao also my other entitlements up to 28th February, 2021.”  By Kingsley Okoye Abuja -  The leadership of the Senate and House of Representatives on Monday waded into the non-payment of severance allowances for legislative aides who served in the 8th National Assembly between 2015 and 2019. President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan and Speaker of House of Representatives, Femi… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Deputy Speaker of the House of Representatives, Rt. Hon. Ahmed Idris Wase, has revealed how Solomon Lar, a former Governor of Plateau State, impacted on his life and political career. Speaking at the commissioning of Solomon Lar Memorial Hospital in Gazum, Langtang North… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Deputy Speaker of the House of Representatives, Rt. Hon. Ahmed Idris Wase has described the President of the Senate,Distinguished Senator Ahmad Lawan as a patrotic lawmaker, whose love for the nation is unquestionable. Wase's gave this description in a statement signed by… In "News"