Service Chiefs on Tuesday expressed readiness to end insecurity in the country. President Muhammadu Buhari, had in a letter dated January 27, 2021, forwarded the nomination of the military chiefs to the Senate for confirmation. They are Maj. Gen. Lucky Eluonye lrabor – Chief of Defence Staff (CDS); Maj. Gen. Ibrahim Attahiru – Chief of Army Staff (COAS); Rear Admiral Awwal Zubairu Gambo – Chief of Naval Staff (CNS); and Air Vice Marshal Isiaka O. Amao – Chief of Air Staff (CAS). The Service Chiefs nominees spoke when they appeared before the Senate Joint Committee on Defence, Army, Navy and Air Force chaired by Senator Aliyu Magatakarda Wamakko for screening. They pledged to ensure that insecurity becomes a thing of the past in the country. The new CDS Irabor said the mandate of President Buhari was very clear to him and his colleagues, assuring they will deliver on the core mandate. “I have had extensive experience as a commissioned officer of the Nigerian Army. I have had experiences in both operational and of course instructional and field experiences and I hope as we interact together you will see more of what we could deliver in a manner Nigerians will be happy,” Irabor said. On his part, the COAS-nominee, Major General Attahiru, assured the panel if confirmed, he will provide the right leadership for the Nigerian Army and reposition it. “My vision is to reposition it for professionalism, defeat all adversaries in joint environment. “Futhermore, let me assure you all that I will do all that is necessary to work assiduously with other service chiefs to bring an end to the security challenges in the country,” Attahiru said. Also, the CNS-nominee, Rear Admiral Auwal Gambo, said his vision was to leverage on all factors to re-energise the Nigerian Navy in fulfillment of national security objectives. On his part, the CAS-nominee, AVM Isiaka Amao, promised not to let the country down. “On my resume, you can see that I have the experience to hold this appointment. “I want to promise that I will not let the Nigerian people down and I will do my best with the coordination of my colleagues to ensure that the security situation in the country is a thing of the past,” Amoo said. The joint committee later went into closed door to continue the screening. The Nation Abuja - The Senate on Tuesday confirmed the appointment of service chiefs recently appointed by President Muhammadu Buhari. The service chiefs, who were confirmed after a four-and-half hour screening, were urged to tackle the problem of insecurity and oil theft, among others. In his remarks, the President of the Senate,… In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - President Muhammadu Buhari yesterday ordered heads of security agencies to deal ruthlessly with bandits, kidnappers and other  criminals. It was at an extra-ordinary meeting at the State House, Abuja, where security strategies were reviewed. Chief of Defence Staff (CDS) Gen. Gabriel Olonisakin briefed State House reporters… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate has received a formal request from President Muhammadu Buhari for the confirmation of the newly appointed Chief of Defence Staff and Service Chiefs. The request which was contained in a letter dated 27th January, 2021, was read by the Senate President,… In "Top Stories"