The Lagos Third Mainland Bridge will no longer be opened on Monday, February 15, the Federal government has revealed.  The Federal Controller of Works in Lagos, Mr Olukayode Popoola who made this known to newsmen said that the bridge would be shut down again from Feb. 19 to 21 for completion of the project.  Popoola revealed that it was impossible for the contractor to close the Bridge during the week to cast concrete. He said the bridge will, however, be reopened by the end of February. “Third Mainland Bridge will no longer be opened on the 15th of February 2021 as announced earlier. “This decision was taken in order not to create hardship for the motoring public using the Third Mainland Bridge for their daily activities. “We are looking at the end of the month for the reopening of the bridge. That is, end of this February. “They will cast concrete on the last expansion joint next weekend and this cannot be done during the week because we are trying to endure that there will not be so much traffic for people going about their daily activities. “When this casting is done, we need about three or four days to do post tensioning. That is why we are looking at end of February completion. “Casting will be done next weekend for the last expansion joint and this will require total closure of the bridge. “However, if we close the bridge Friday night, then we cast on Saturday by Sunday it will be reopened. That will be the last total closure to fix the last expansion joint. “We also regret the inconveniences these extra days will cause Lagosians,’’ he said.  Source •The Third Mainland Bridge was closed on July 24, 2020, for six months LAGOS - Concrete barriers have been placed to block off the mainland inbound traffic at the Adeniji end of the Third Mainland Bridge. This is in line with the partial closure for repairs of the bridge. Speaking… In "Metro" The Third Mainland Bridge in Lagos which was closed down for maintenance has now been reopened. Federal Controller of Works, Lagos, Mr Olukayode Popoola said the bridge was reopened after they completed the maintenance work by midnight of January 31. Popoola also disclosed that the Lagos State Government and other… In "News" The Federal Government has announced its plan to completely close a section of Third Mainland Bridge for a period of two days, for repair works. This was announced on Wednesday in a statement signed by the Federal Controller of Works, Lagos, Joshua Popoola. The total closure of the section of… In "News"