…Says Buhari’s directives on tonnage of cargo that should be allowed on roads must be complied with By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  The Minister of Transportation, Rt. Hon. Chibuike Rotimi Amaechi has charged the Nigerian Ports Authority to punish truckers who fail to comply with Government’s directives when the rail end of the Apapa Port Spur line is completed. According to the statement signed by D (PPR), Eric Ojiekwe made available to Sundiata Post, Amaechi, who gave this charge during the inspection of the Lagos-Ibadan rail line project over the weekend, added that President, Muhammadu Buhari, has issued a directive on tonnage of cargo that should be allowed on roads and the directive will be complied with. According to him, the directive has not been implemented as there are no viable alternatives yet to what subsists.During the inspection, the Minister took the train to the completed southward 8.72 km of the Apapa Port Spur Line end of the Lagos-Ibadan rail line, where he expressed displeasure at the outrageous number of Trucks parked on the rail tracks, making work difficult to complete. The Minister, therefore, directed the Management of the Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA ) to ensure that the trucks are moved out, adding that only registered trucks moving goods imported or to be exported be allowed into the ports. The Honourable Minister was accompanied on the inspection by the Permanent Secretary, Federal Ministry of Transportation, Dr. Magdalene Ajani, the Managing Director, Nigerian Railway Corporation (NRC), Engr Freeborn Fidet Okhiria, the Board Chairman, NRC, Alhaji Ibrahim Alhassan and management staff of the Ministry. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Minister of Transportation, Rt Hon. Chibuike Amaechi has disclosed that the Eastern rail line which connects Port Harcourt – Bonny to Maiduguri will commence soon subject to approval by the Federal Executive Council. This, the Minister said will commence upon completion of the… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja +Sundiata Post) - Honourable Minister of transportation, Rotimi Amaechi has apologized to Nigerians for the disruptions experienced in some train services on the Abuja- Kaduna rail due to technical issues with some of the coaches. Amaechi made this known after his monthly inspection of the Lagos-Ibadan… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Minister of Transportation, Chibuike Rotimi Amaechi, has charged APM Terminals to allow China Civil Engineering Construction Company (CCECC) the Contractor handling the Ebuta Meta - Apapa seaports railway extension access to ensure its completion by January, 2021. Amaechi who was speaking during an… In "News"