Alhaji Lai Mohammed, the Minister of Information and Culture has stated that Nigerians calling for the arrest and investigation of the former service chiefs by the International Criminal Court are unpatriotic.  Mohammed spoke on Tuesday during a Radio Nigeria programme, Politics Nationwide. President Muhammadu Buhari appointed four new service chiefs last week after much clamour from Nigerians that he bring in fresh hands to pilot the country’s anti-terrorism war. The new service chiefs are Major-General Leo Irabor as Chief of Defence Staff; Major-General Ibrahim Attahiru as Chief of Army Staff; Rear Admiral A.Z Gambo as Chief of Naval Staff; and Air-Vice Marshal I.O Amao as Chief of Air Staff. The new service chiefs took over from the ex-service chiefs —General Abayomi Gabriel Olonisakin (Chief of Defence Staff); Lt. Gen. Tukur Buratai (Chief of Army Staff); Vice Admiral Ibok Ibas (Chief of Naval Staff); and Air Marshal Sadique Abubakar (Chief of Air Staff). But the Peoples Democratic Party and some other Nigerians have since demanded the probe of the Olonisakin, Buratai, Ibas and Abubakar to unravel circumstances behind the security lapses during their tenure. Reacting on Tuesday, the minister said, “To the best of my knowledge, our service chiefs obey the rules of engagement and where there are infractions, there are internal regulations and internal mechanisms to address them. “Those who are calling for the ex-service chiefs to be invited to ICC are unpatriotic people.” Mohammed also said civilians are not competent to talk on military structure and formations, whether in the North-Eastern states of Borno, Yobe and Adamawa or in any other parts of the country. “Those who talk about the structure, what do they know about the structure of the military? I don’t think any of us is competent to talk about the structure of the military,” he said. The minister, however, assured Nigerians that the new service chiefs have hit the ground running and would ensure Nigeria overcome the insurgency war in the North-East and in other parts of the country. For over 10 years, the Boko Haram terror group had killed hundreds of Nigerians in the North-East. The sect had also burnt down and bombed scores of villages as well as churches. The Nigerian Army and the Presidency had at several times claimed the group had been ‘technically defeated’ and ‘weakened’ but the Abubakar Shekau’s bloodthirsty faction continues to strike with daring effrontery and crude savagery. Source By Our Reporter With the retirement and removal of the service chiefs and national security adviser President Muhammadu Buhari inherited from former President Goodluck, Nigeria now has a new security team. The removed service chiefs are the Chief of Defence Staff, Air Chief Marshal Alex Badeh, Chief of Army Staff,… In "News" Rivers Governor Nyesom Wike on Sunday said the former Service Chiefs failed to achieve much in securing Nigeria because they were fully involved in politics. President Muhammadu Buhari last week retired the former Service Chiefs comprising Chief of Defence Staff, General Abayomi Olonisakin; Chief of Army Staff, Lt-Gen. Tukur Buratai;… In "Politics" ABUJA - President Muhammadu Buhari has accepted the immediate resignation of the Service Chiefs, and their retirement from service. Those involved are the Chief of Defence Staff, General Abayomi Olonisakin; Chief of Army Staff, Lt-Gen. Tukur Buratai; Chief of Naval Staff, Vice Admiral Ibok Ekwe Ibas; and Chief of Air… In "Top Stories"