 The Ogun state government has banned the leadership of the National Road Transport Workers (NURTW) from collecting levies on its behalf from transporters at motor parks.  The statement issued by the state Commissioner of Information Abdulwaheed Odusile on Monday February 8, came after internal fights over leadership positions of the union. Odusile who noted that the illegal collection of revenue from transporters is against the existing decision of the government banning the activities of the NURTW in all the motor parks and garages in the State, said the failure of union leaders to vacate parks would lead to incurring the full wrath of the law. He Said; “It will be recalled that following (the) crisis in the leadership of the NURTW in the State that threatened security of lives and properties, particularly public transport in the State, the House of Assembly in June 2020 passed a resolution suspending the activities of the union in the State. “The government subsequently banned the activities of the union in all motor parks and garages in the State. “Security agencies have been given firm directive to arrest and prosecute any operative of the NURTW or indeed anyone, group or association that has not been approved by the government to act on its behalf that attempts to defy the decision of the government or test its resolve to maintain peace and security in all parts of the state, including the motor parks. “Unlike what obtained in the past, this Administration has been methodical and deliberate in its approach to maintain(ing) peace at the motor parks as well as management of transport union activities, and will not allow anyone to undermine the prevailing peaceful environment.”  Source Ogun State Governor Dapo Abiodun has warned the National Union of Road Transport Workers (NURTW) to stay away from parks and garages, to avoid incurring the wrath of the law. The warning, Abiodun said, became necessary following intelligence report alleging that the NURTW had perfected plots to return to the… In "News" By David Adeoye Ibadan - The Oyo State government will, on Monday, name and inaugurate managers for motor parks in all the 33 local government areas across the state. Prof Raphael Afonja, the state Commissioner for Works and Transport, disclosed this while addressing newsmen in Ibadan on Friday. Afonja said… In "News" By David Adeoye Ibadan - The Oyo State Government says it has proscribed the National Union of Road Transport Workers (NURTW) and taken over the control of all motor parks in the state.The Chief of Staff, Government House, Ibadan, Chief Bisi Ilaka, disclosed this on Friday during a news conference… In "News"