Dr. Orji Uzor Kalu, former Governor of Abia State and current Chief Whip of the Senate has assured members of the All Progressives Congress, APC, that Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike, will join the ruling party soon.  Kalu gave the assurance while addressing journalists after Wike had led him on a project inspection around Port Harcourt, the State capital on Thursday. Some of the projects inspected were Rumuokoro Flyover bridge, 2nd Artillery flyover bridge, Real Madrid football Academy and the Mother and Child Hospital in Rumuomasi. Kalu, who commended the Governor Wike for his investments in critical infrastructure, called on him to work harmoniously with the APC. “He [Wike] is a man needed by us in the APC, it is my belief that a messiah can come from anywhere. “I urge the Governor to partner with the APC, I discussed with him all through the night to find a common ground with the APC, I believe that very soon it shall come to reality. “So I urge Governor Wike to soft pedal on our party, humans can switch from one party to another which is human behavior in Africa. “I appeal to him to partner with us so that the good people of Rivers can benefit more from the Federal Government of Nigeria,” he said. Rivers Governor Nyesom Wike has accused the Inspector-General Police of compromising competence and genuine efforts at fighting criminality and insecurity in the recent posting of Rivers Commissioner of Police Wike said it was disappointing the Inspector-General of Police (IG) would compromise competence in posting a Commissioner of Police to Rivers,… In "News" By Adekunle Williams and Solomon Asowata Lagos -   Former Abia Governor, Chief Orji Kalu, on Wednesday debunked the rumour that he was planning to defect from the All Progressives Congress (APC) following the gale of defections across the country. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Kalu told… In "Politics" •Governor Nyesom Wike Amid the reactions trailing the defection of Governor Dave Umahi from the Peoples Democratic Party to the All Progressives Congress, Rivers State Governor Nyesom Wike has suggested that one more governor will leave the party. “I can tell you, there is one PDP governor that will leave,”… In "News"