•Abdulrasheed Bawa ABUJA – President Muhammadu Buhari has sent a letter to the Senate nominating Abdulrasheed Bawa as substantive chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC). Buhari’s nomination was contained in a letter to the President of the Senate, Dr Ahmad Lawan, requesting the Upper Chamber of the National Assembly to screen and confirm Bawa for the position. A statement by Special Adviser to the President on Media and Publicity, Mr Femi Adesina, said President Buhari was acting in accordance with Paragraph 2(3) of Part1, CAP E1 of EFCC Act 2004. “President Muhammadu Buhari has asked the Senate to confirm Mr Abdulrasheed Bawa as substantive Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) “In a letter to President of the Senate, Ahmad Ibrahim Lawan, the President said he was acting in accordance with Paragraph 2(3) of Part1, CAP E1 of EFCC Act 2004. “Bawa, 40, is a trained EFCC investigator with vast experience in the investigation and prosecution of Advance Fee Fraud cases, official corruption, bank fraud, money laundering, and other economic crimes. “He has undergone several specialized trainings in different parts of the world, and was one of the pioneer EFCC Cadet Officers in 2005. “Bawa holds a B.Sc degree in Economics, and Masters in International Affairs and Diplomacy”, the statement said. Sundiata Post recalls that Buhari had last year suspended the acting chairman of the anti-corruption agency, Ibrahim Magu, over corruption allegations. JOHANNESBURG   -    South Africa’s MTN Group shares rose as much as 2.55 percent after the Nigerian central bank governor said on Sunday the bank may reduce the amount it has ordered the telecoms firm to repatriate as part of an ongoing disagreement MTN and the central bank are in a… In "Business" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate has received a formal request from President Muhammadu Buhari for the confirmation of the newly appointed Chief of Defence Staff and Service Chiefs. The request which was contained in a letter dated 27th January, 2021, was read by the Senate President,… In "Top Stories" Abuja -  The Presidency on Thursday, requested the Senate to confirm Mr Ibrahim Magu as Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC). A letter to that effect, read at plenary by President of the Senate, Dr Bukola Saraki, also sought the confirmation of Messrs Nasule Moses, Lawan Mamman,… In "News"