A female student of the Benue State University, identified as Jessica Agee has been shot dead by unknown gunmen.  It was gathered that the student was shot dead by the assailants at her Gyado villa residence in Makurdi, the state capital on Monday night, February 15. The deceased’s cousin, Phillips Guda, confirmed the report via Facebook on Tuesday morning, February 16. “My little cousin Jessica Agee was shot dead last night at her student house at Gyado villa Makurdi, Benue State. May her soul finds peace in the bosom of the Lord Almighty in Heaven and may God grant us the fortitude to bear the lost. May our Lord Almighty in Heaven also bring the perpetrators to book through Christ our Lord Jesus I pray. Rest in Peace My Sister.” he wrote. Meanwhile, friends and classmates have taken to Facebook to mourn her. One Josie Orkar wrote; “Tis life sef. Rest on my dearest Agee Jessica Till we meet to part no more It’s so hard to say Goodbye I remember the last time we spoke was when I was about entering the exam hall, that day.. Kai!!!If only tears could bring u back We love you but God loves you the most.” The Senior Special Assistant to Benue State Governor on Revenue and Taxation, Orduen Takema is dead. Takema reportedly slumped and died on Monday night, February 8, few hours after he buried his late cousin, Hemen Nyikwagh at Tse Takema in Gboko. The deceased's cousin, Smith Akôm Takema posted a photo… In "Politics" A final year student of Benue State University, Makurdi studying Sociology has been killed during a cult clash in the capital city of Benue. It was gathered that the tragic incident took place on Monday. A student who wants to remain anonymous told Nigerian Tribune that some cult members engaged… In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - In the last few days in Markurdi,  the Benue State capital,  cult clashes between rival groups have claimed the lives of two students of the Benue State University (BSU). According to sources, the first incident took place around High Level area of the metropolis, in which… In "Top Stories"