If you are familiar with the Director General of the National Council for Arts and Culture (NCAC), Otunba Segun Runsewe, you will definitely know he is a man who speaks out once certain things are wrong. Being a cultural ambassador, he has apparently been having sleepless nights because of the activities of popular crossdresser, Okuneye Idris Olarenwaju, better known as Bobrisky, and its influence on the youth. So, when the Cameroonian government took a bold step to arrest a crossdresser known as Shakiro over promotion of homosexuality, Runsewe wondered why the same fate has not been extended to Bobrisky. He said: “Just like in Nigeria where notorious homosexuals and cross dressers have been arrested and released, the jail sentence passed on Cameroonian homosexual promoter vindicates the relentless campaign of the need to rid Nigeria of the presence of homosexuals such as Bobrisky and his likes. “We call upon Nigeria’s highly-revered judiciary to take note of the effrontery and boldness of homosexuals in Nigeria and slam jail sentences that will rid Nigerian society of these deviants so as to protect the young, impressionable minds from the notorious influence. Nigeria is Africa’s biggest black nation and if things go wrong here, Africa will suffer.” The Nation This is a look into the life of Bobrisky, one of the most controversial Nigerians on social media at the moment.  Bobrisky’s story is not easy to tell. The first problem is deciding what pronoun to use. By the circumstances of his birth, ‘he’ is the right pronoun, but by… In "Entertainment" The National Council for Arts and Culture DG has been slammed by popular cross-dresser, Bobrisky.  Bobrisky has replied Otunba Olusegun Runsewe, the Director-General of the National Council for Arts and Culture, who last week, said he is a National disgrace and will soon be dealt with by the government if… In "Entertainment" Abuja - The Director-General of National Centre for Arts and Culture, Otunba Segun Runsewe, has slammed Bobrisky again. has shown that the Federal Government has asked travellers and tourists to be careful wherever they notice the presence of Bobrisky, mostly as it affects sharing of public facilities, including toilets. The report… In "Entertainment"