Three travellers have been kidnapped by gunmen in Osun state.  According to the Osun Police Command, the sad incident happened on Tuesday along Ilesha-Akure Express in Osun on Monday night.  The spokesperson of the command, SP Yemisi Opalola, confirmed in a statement that the incident happened around 7 p.m. in Iwaraja town of Oriade Local Government Area of the state. She said the police had, however, deployed men and officers to the forest where the kidnappers retreated after the abduction, in an attempt to rescue the victims. She said the command, at the moment, was not aware if any contact had been established with families of the victims to demand ransom. “On Monday, at about 7p.m, some yet to be identified hoodlums emerged from the bush and opened fire, flattening the tyres of a Toyota Sienna bus with Registration ABUJA ABJ 635 DC, along Ilesha-Akure Expressway, by Iwaraja Forest. “In the process, six passengers plus the driver of the bus were abducted, but three were lucky to have escaped. “Intensive manhunt is, however underway by the police, local hunters and vigilantes to rescue the kidnapped victims and arrest the suspects,” Opalola said.  Source By Olajide Idowu Osogbo - The Osun Police Command on Tuesday said it had continued to intensify efforts aimed at rescuing the two officers of the Federal Road Safety Commission (FRSC) kidnapped by gunmen on Sunday. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the officers, simply identified as Abioye… In "News" Akinde was abducted at Ita-Ogbolu, Akure north local government area of Ondo state when he was conveying nine passengers to Onitsha in Anambra state. He had picked up the passengers at Ado-Ekiti in Ekiti state and was heading to his destination when the attackers struck around 6am. See Gunmen ‘Abduct… In "News" By Abubakar Sadiq Isah  ABUJA - unmen suspected to be kidnappers have shot dead a driver and abducted 13 others in Sabon-Gari village, along Abuja-Lokoja Road. A driver, who simply identified himself as Ibrahim and narrowly escaped the attack, said the incident happened around 6:12p.m., on Monday evening, when the… In "Metro"