A fundraiser set up by supporters of Yoruba activist, Sunday Adeyemo, better known as Sunday Igboho, has attracted £42, 401 (N22.4m). This is just as Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State set up a peace committee to address the rising ethnic conflicts in the state. A blogger, Maureen Badejo, had two weeks ago set up the Gofundme page for the purpose of raising £100,000 (N51.8m) for him to buy buses to implement his project of ridding the South-West of killer herdsmen.  Igboho had issued a seven-day ultimatum to herders in the Ibarapa Area of Oyo State, blaming them for kidnapping, killings, destruction of farmland and insecurity in the state. After confronting the herders in Ibarapa with some youths in the area at the expiration of the ultimatum, he moved to Ogun State and was received by thousands of youths. The rising irredentism has led to the loss of lives in Oyo and Ondo States. On Monday, however, Governor Makinde said it was time for warring parties to sheathe their swords, adding that it would be wrong to punish an entire ethnic group for the sins of a few.  Makinde said, “A whole tribe, ethnic group, profession or gender must not pay for the sins of one individual. It is totally unacceptable for any individual or individuals to take the law into their own hands. This is jungle justice. Oyo State is not a jungle. “We know that people are angry. People have the right to be angry.  “When the bridge between power and justice is broken, we are bound to witness unrest. But we cannot solve the problem of peaceful co-existence in anger. I appeal to every resident of Oyo State to sheathe their swords. “People have been wronged. I acknowledge this. Therefore, we are moving ahead with setting up peace and security committees in every zone of Oyo State starting today.” Punch Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Sunday Adeyemo, better known as Sunday Igboho, has described Enitan Ogunwusi, the Ooni of Ife; Bola Tinubu, APC national leader, and Seyi Makinde, Oyo state governor, as Fulani slaves. Igboho also flayed some Yoruba leaders, including traditional rulers, alleging that have not shown enough support for… In "Top Stories" Aggrieved youths in Igangan, Ibarapa North-West Local Council Development Area of Oyo State, on Monday, welcomed Governor Seyi Makinde with a peaceful demonstration. Makinde, who arrived in the area on Sunday evening, have held meetings with stakeholders in a bid to find lasting solution to the herdsmen crisis rocking the… In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State has ordered the Police to arrest Sunday Igboho and others causing tension in the state. On Friday, Igboho went to Igangan to restate his ultimatum to Fulanis to leave. Igangan is a community in Ibarapa North Local Government Area. The… In "Top Stories"