Bayelsa State Governor Douye Diri has urged the political class to shun politics of hate in the interest of the state’s development.  He spoke on Tuesday at the Government House in Yenagoa when he received defectors from the All Progressives Congress (APC) and Young Democratic Party (YDP). Diri said the only way they could benefit from the state’s creation is to unite for development. The defectors were former Ambassador to Venezuela Senator Felix Oboro, former members of the House of Representatives – Bolous Indiamaowei, Mike Epengule and Graham Ipigansi, who are leaving the APC. A statement by the governor’s Chief Press Secretary, Daniel Alabrah, said the time had come for the people to spread love rather than acrimony in the interest of progress. He noted that rejoining the PDP was a journey back home for the defectors, and he urged the PDP to restore their rights and privileges after their formal defection. The statement reads: “There is no reason to hate ourselves when we should love. This is the time to bring back brotherly love. We all craved the creation of Bayelsa State while we were in Rivers State. I do not think we wanted to create a Bayelsa where we hate ourselves and under-develop the state. “Now we have a state and we have become so divided and factional, all in the name of political party. You and I were brothers and sisters before APC and PDP. Let us join hands to develop Bayelsa.” PDP Chairman Solomon Agwanana said members of the opposition parties were in the Government House to interact with the governor preparatory to their formal defection on February 14. Oboro, on behalf of the defectors, said they were impressed with the performance of the Diri administration, hence their decision to support it. He lauded the governor for matching words with action, saying they were ready to mobilise their supporters to formally join the PDP. A member of the Young Democratic Party (YDP), Elvis Donkemezuo, said his party was impressed with Governor Diri’s leadership style, which has put the state on the fast lane of development.  Source By Christian Ogbonna   Yenagoa   -      The Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), has deplored prevailing defections by politicians from political parties ahead of 2019 general elections, saying it can affect the integrity of democracy in the country. Chairman of the congress’ chapter in Bayelsa, Mr John Ndiomu, made… In "News" •Defected Bayelsa PDP chieftain Ebebi Peremobowei YENAGOA - Exodus as hit both the Bayelsa State Government and the state chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) ahead of the November 16, 2019 governorship election in the state. The latest to dump the party is a former Deputy Governor in the… In "Politics" In a twist of drama, a number of prominent leaders of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) said to be defecting to the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Bayelsa State have come out to deny the move, saying it is a fraud because they were never consulted nor willing to change… In "News"