There was pandemonium along the Lagos-Ibadan Expressway on Friday when a joint team of policemen and the Department of State Services attempted to arrest Yoruba activist, Sunday Adeyemo, better known as Sunday Igboho. According to a video obtained by The PUNCH, Igboho, who is topless, is seen with his men daring the security operatives to “do their worst” before they drove off. According to a statement signed by a former Minister of Aviation, Chief Femi Fani-Kayode, Igboho was on his way to meet with 93-year-old Afenifere Chieftain, Ayo Adebanjo, when the incident occurred. The statement read in part, “I just spoke to my brother Sunday Igboho. He told me there was a violent attempt to arrest him this afternoon by a joint team of soldiers, DSS operatives and policemen numbering about 40 on the Ibadan/Lagos Expressway whilst he was on his way to see Baba Ayo Adebanjo in Lagos. “I condemn this attempt to ambush and abduct him. It is not only reckless but also very dangerous. If the security agencies want to see him all they need to do is to invite him to their office. I am not aware of any crime that he has committed and I urge restraint on all sides. “Let me also send a warning to the Federal Government that Sunday Igboho is a hero to millions of Yoruba and either killing him or detaining him unlawfully would be the biggest mistake they could make. Building bridges, dialogue and the pursuit of peace is better than intimidation, threats, violence and war. A word is enough for the wise.” Punch A former Minister of Aviation, Chief Femi Fani-Kayode, has said Nigerians should be licensed to carry sophisticated arms like AK-47 if Fulani herdsmen are permitted to secure themselves with the same type of weapon. He said this on Thursday when he visited Yoruba activist, Chief Sunday Adeyemo, who is popularly… In "News" A leader of the Yoruba socio-political group, Afenifere, Chief Ayo Adebanjo, says a chieftain of the All Progressives Congress, Bola Tinubu, is afraid to speak on the Fulani herdsmen crisis in parts of the South-West region because he does not want to offend the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.).… In "News" Popular Yoruba rights activist, Sunday Adeyemo, well known as Sunday Igboho, has labeled a chieftain of the All Progressives Congress, Bola Tinubu; and Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State as ‘Fulani slaves’. The activist stated this on Wednesday morning at a virtual ‘Townhall With Yoruba In Diaspora’ monitored by The… In "News"