Following sequence of attacks by bandits which led to the killing of three persons, Youths of Maro in Kajuru Council of Kaduna State, have lynched a man to death. The man nicknamed ‘Doctor’ was suspected to be an accomplice of bandits. The State’s Commissioner for Internal Security and Home Affairs, Mr Samuel Aruwan made this known in a statement, adding that, security operatives have been directed to identify the youths who carried out the lynching for prosecution. He also maintained that security agencies are investigating some locals for alleged collaboration with bandits during recent disturbing attacks in Kajuru local government area. The commissioner explained that sequence of reported attacks began in Ungwan Sha’awa in Kajuru local government area, where armed bandits killed one Ubangida Dogo in his home. He added: “According to the report, his son, Jude Ubangida was injured by the bandits and is receiving treatment in hospital. “As the bandits withdrew from the village, they also attacked Ungwan Galadima in the same locality and killed one Bulus Gwamna. “In Ungwan Gamu along the same trail, one Daniel Danlami was similarly killed by the marauding bandits. “Preliminary investigations thereafter suggested that the bandits conducted these attacks with the aid of some local youths. As security agencies probed this further, one such suspect known simply as “Doctor”, from Kujeni village, was swiftly attacked and killed by youths of Maro in revenge. “Just before his death, he confessed his involvement in the attack, and named a certain Fidelis Ali, also from Maro, as another accomplice of the bandits. Ali has since been arrested and taken into custody by the Police. “Governor Nasir El-Rufai expressed sadness at the reports of the killings, and sent his sincere condolences the families of the slain, while praying for the repose of their souls. “Going further, the Governor expressed deep concern over the alleged involvement of local youths, and moreso the lynching of one of the suspects. “The Governor appealed to citizens to allow investigations proceed and not usurp the process, reminding them that jungle justice is a grievous form of self-help and remains a crime. “Security agencies have thus been directed to identify the perpetrators of the lynching for prosecution. “Investigations into the incidents are in progress,”Aruwan said. The Nation Kidnappers and gunmen have sustained attacks in different parts of the country abducting 75 persons and killing 18 others. In Niger State, no fewer than 50 persons were abducted in the early hours of Thursday when bandits attacked Bassa community in the Shiroro Local Government Area of the state. Nine… In "News" An Islamic cleric has lost his life for speaking against kidnapping and banditry in the north. This comes after armed bandits shot the Chief Imam of Kawaran Rafi village in the Igabi Local Government Area of Kaduna State, identified as Sheikh Danleeman Isah. The Kaduna State Commissioner for Internal Security… In "News" Notorious bandits in Kaduna have killed a lawyer with the Kaduna state ministry of justice, Haro Gandu. According to Thecable, he was reportedly shot dead by bandits who also abducted his wife and son. Timothy Gandu, a former commissioner of economic planning and the deceased’s brother who confirmed the incident… In "News"