Popular Yoruba rights activist, Sunday Adeyemo, well known as Sunday Igboho, has labeled a chieftain of the All Progressives Congress, Bola Tinubu; and Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State as ‘Fulani slaves’.  The activist stated this on Wednesday morning at a virtual ‘Townhall With Yoruba In Diaspora’ monitored by The PUNCH. According to him, the politicians failed to convey the pains and displeasure of the Yoruba people to the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.). [ICYMI] Iskilu Wakili: Notorious Fulani warlord terrorising Oyo communities The PUNCH had reported that Igboho issued a seven-day quit notice to herdsmen accused of sundry crimes in the Ibarapa area of Oyo and enforced same. Makinde had met with the President in Aso Villa last week in a bid to find lasting solution to the herdsmen crisis. The governor has been accused of not doing enough to fighting killer herdsmen in parts of the state. A leader of the Yoruba socio-political group, Afenifere, Chief Ayo Adebanjo, had said Tinubu is afraid to speak on the Fulani herdsmen crisis in the South-West region because he does not want to offend the President. Adebanjo said Tinubu has not condemned the attacks by Fulani herdsmen on the Yoruba people because of his presidential ambition in 2023. Speaking early Wednesday, Igboho said politicians were afraid of speaking up because they don’t want to endanger their political career. ‌ “A lot of these people we call fathers are cowards and they are Fulani slaves. Once they get to Abuja, they will change everything. And at this stage, we must not be afraid of anybody. Any leader who does not cooperate should be dealt with. “Yoruba people need not fear Fulani herdsmen anymore. The leaders should show themselves as up to the task. We should deliver ourselves from the enslavement of the Fulani people. Tinubu and his people are Fulani slaves, they don’t have anything good to offer. All the politicians don’t have anything to offer Yoruba people. They are all Fulani slaves, they can’t talk. It is better we cooperate and fight this menace once and for all. We must ‘soro soke’ once and for all,” the activist submitted in the teleconference monitored by The PUNCH.  “Seyi Makinde on his own has turned to something else in Oyo State. And we elected him into office but he is a total mistake. He is running after second term and he can’t hear the cries of his people,” Igboho added. Source A leader of the Yoruba socio-political group, Afenifere, Chief Ayo Adebanjo, says a chieftain of the All Progressives Congress, Bola Tinubu, is afraid to speak on the Fulani herdsmen crisis in parts of the South-West region because he does not want to offend the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.).… In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Sunday Adeyemo, better known as Sunday Igboho, has described Enitan Ogunwusi, the Ooni of Ife; Bola Tinubu, APC national leader, and Seyi Makinde, Oyo state governor, as Fulani slaves. Igboho also flayed some Yoruba leaders, including traditional rulers, alleging that have not shown enough support for… In "Top Stories" The Inspector-General of Police, Mohammed Adamu, has ordered the arrest of Sunday Adeyemo aka Sunday Igboho, over an eviction order on Fulanis in Oyo State. The Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu, confirmed this in an interview with BBC Hausa. He told BBC Hausa… In "News"