Kieran Cain was playing basketball with his kids Saturday afternoon at an elementary school in greater Denver when he heard what sounded like a sonic boom and looked up. “We could see there was a giant black cloud of smoke high up in the sky, immediately followed by, you know what looked like pieces of the aircraft,” Cain told CNN. “Basically a shower of things that were falling out of the sky.”About 10,000 feet above, Travis Loock heard the same boom, but coming from the plane he was in — United Flight 328. Just minutes after taking off for Honolulu, the engine failed. As the plane returned to Denver International Airport, it dropped more engine debris through the roofs of homes and into yards. The National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) said Sunday an initial examination of the Pratt & Whitney PW4077 engine from United Airlines Flight 328 showed that two fan blades were fractured and the remaining blades exhibited damage “to the tips and leading edges.” These are preliminary findings and should not be taken as conclusive of what went wrong Saturday, but they are still significant.Boeing has recommended suspending the use of 777s that have a Pratt & Whitney 4000 engine, and United Airlines has already pulled them following the incident. Both the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) and the NTSB are investigating. Administration (FAA) and the NTSB are investigating.A still image taken from passenger video shows the engine.A still image taken from passenger video shows the engine.Loock shared videos that showed the engine completely stripped of its outer casing.“A lot of people couldn’t see the engine on that side,” Loock told CNN. “I was a little more freaked out because I could see it, and I knew that was not right,” he said.“We were just glad we weren’t over the ocean, because that’s where we were heading.”Boeing recommends suspending use of planes with Pratt & Whitney 4000 engineThe NTSB arrived in Colorado Saturday and began removing pieces of debris to a hangar for further examination, a tweet from the Broomfield Police Department said.In a statement issued Sunday, Boeing recommended suspending operations of Boeing 777s that use the same engine as the Denver flight — a Pratt & Whitney 4000.“While the NTSB investigation is ongoing, we recommended suspending operations of the 69 in-service and 59 in-storage 777s powered by Pratt & Whitney 4000-112 engines until the FAA identifies the appropriate inspection protocol,” Boeing said. The FAA issued an emergency order earlier Sunday saying it would be stepping up inspections of Boeing 777 airplanes equipped with certain Pratt & Whitney PW4000 engines.United Airlines announced Sunday that it was removing all of its Boeing 777 planes in service that use the same engine.The UK will temporarily ban Boeing B777s with Pratt & Whitney 4000-112 series engines from entering UK airspace, Transport Secretary Grant Shapps announced on Twitter on Monday.Japan’s transportation ministry said it has grounded 19 Boeing 777s at All Nippon Airways and 13 at Japan Airlines that have Pratt & Whitney 4000 engines. Korean Air will conduct discussions with Boeing, Pratt & Whitney and South Korea’s Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport, and will then implement recommendations before they definitely ground all Boeing 777 planes, according to an airline statement. South Korea’s Asiana Airlines said Monday they are halting operation of its nine Boeing 777-200 planes equipped with the engines.The European Union Aviation Safety Agency says it’s in contact with the FAA about an incident in which a cargo-carrying Boeing 747 departing from the Netherlands had an uncontained engine failure of a PW4000. Two people were injured after pieces of the plane broke off and fell onto a town, according to authorities there.Pratt & Whitney issued a statement saying they have dispatched a team to work with investigators on the incident. feet over the Pacific when the engine cover blew“Pratt & Whitney is actively coordinating with operators and regulators to support the revised inspection interval of the Pratt & Whitney PW4000 engines that power Boeing 777 aircraft,” the statement from the company said. “Any further investigative updates regarding this event will be at the discretion of the NTSB. Pratt & Whitney will continue to work to ensure the safe operation of the fleet.”Fear in the airLoock, who was on his way back to the airport, said the mood in the plane was tense. The pilot came on and said they would land in four minutes.He said you could sense the fear on the plane, but everyone was “very calm.”Passenger Brenda Dohn said she and her daughter, like other passengers, took the time to pray. “My daughter was sitting on the window and … I was just like, ‘don’t look, like let’s let’s close it up and let’s just pray.'”Air traffic audio from the plane conveyed the sense of urgency but not panic.“United 328 Heavy — Mayday Mayday … Denver departure. United 328 Heavy Mayday. Aircraft just experienced engine failure — need to turn immediately.”The debris from the failed engine rained down across a mile through a soccer field and nearby neighborhoods, Broomfield Police spokesperson Rachel Welte told reporters during a press briefing Saturday. PIO eta at staging area 5 mins. Commons Park at north end near dog park. “We dispatched police officers and within minutes we actually were on scene of some of these homes, and we actually saw some of these large pieces of debris,” Welte said.Looking at the debris field and how busy the area was, Welte said, “the fact that we are still not getting reports of any injuries is absolutely shocking at this point.”“This park on a day like today, when it’s not as cold as it was last weekend, we could have hundreds of people here.” CNN By Joe Brock SAINT-DENIS, Reunion  - Plane debris washed up on the French island of Reunion in the Indian Ocean is almost certainly part of a Boeing 777, a Malaysian official and aviation experts said, potentially the biggest breakthrough in the search for missing Flight MH370. Malaysian investigators are expected… In "Foreign" Kuala Lumpur   -    Malaysia said on Friday pieces of debris found in Seychelles are not from missing flight MH370, which vanished in March 2014 on its way from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing with 239 people on board. The location of the plane has become one of the world’s greatest aviation… In "Foreign" By Praveen Menon and Tim Hepher KUALA LUMPUR/PARIS  - Malaysia is "almost certain" that plane debris found on Reunion Island in the Indian Ocean is from a Boeing 777, the deputy transport minister said on Thursday, heightening the possibility it could be wreckage from missing Flight MH370. Malaysia Airlines was… In "Foreign"