Some aides of Senator Rochas Okorocha arraigned by the police have been released on bail.  According to Punch, an Aide-de-camp to a former governor of Imo state, Eberendu Chiimechefulem, his legislative aide, Steve Asinuobi and 12 other aides of Rochas Okorocha, were on Monday granted a N5m bond bail on each of the defendants.  The magistrate, B.U Adikaibe, who ruled on the bail application made for the release of the defendants also insisted that a traditional ruler in the state must stand in as a surety. They were arraigned on a six-count charge bordering conspiracy, breach of public peace, possession of firearms, unlawful destruction of the official seal of the Imo State Government, a defamatory action on the social media against the governor of the state with the intent to injure the reputation of the state government and the person of the state governor, and disturbance to a lawful order. Some of the defendants are Eberendu Chimechefulem, Ebere Nwoke, Basil MBA, Ebuka Samuel, Darlington Ibekewe, Obasi Goodluck, Nwaiwu Ndubuisi, Ekpendu Peace, Steve Anisnuobi, and Ebere Nwokeobi. While Eddy Onyema was the leading counsel for the defendants, E.S Ibechem was the prosecutor. The magistrate had taken a 15-minute break to enable her rule on the bail application after hearing. Drama ensued when one of the defendants, Darlington Ibekwe, slumped while the magistrate was ruling on the bail application.  Source OWERRI - The battle between Rochas Okorocha and Governor Hope Uzodimma’s government took another turn on Monday as fourteen aides of the former Imo governor were arraigned before her lordship, B. U Adikaibe of Magistrate Court 4, Owerri. Okorocha had led his team, on Sunday, to unsealed his wife’s Royal… In "News" •Okorocha at the police station Immediate past Governor of Imo State, Senator Rochas Okorocha, has been arrested on the orders of the Imo State Government. He was not, however, handcuffed as reported by some news platforms. “Yes, it’s true; he has been arrested,” a top State Government official said this… In "Top Stories" A former governor of Imo State, Senator Rochas Okorocha, has cried out that the Imo State Governor, Senator Hope Uzodimma is after him and his family. ThisDay reported that the senator made the claim through his media aide, Mr. Sam Onwuemeodo, in a statement issued yesterday. He said that Uzodinma’s… In "Politics"