Minister of Information and Culture, Lai Mohammed has stated that school kidnapping by bandits also takes place in the most developed countries in the world.  The Minister said this while being interviewed on Channels Television on the rising insecurity in Nigeria. In recent times, the rate of kidnapping and banditry has been on a rise in Nigeria, with Kasina and Niger state both experience high profile school kidnapping incidents. Speaking on the developments, Lai Mohammed averred that terrorist don’t live by the rules of government and are interested in soft targets, alleged that there were kidnapping incidents in at least 4 schools in the United States in 2020. Mohammed noted that kidnapping of school children attracts more global attention and that is why kidnappers engage in them. He further stated that what matters most to him is intelligence gathering as Nigeria cannot turn all its schools to barracks. The minister who disclosed that the current administration has considered moving students to schools where there are security, also recalled how suicide bombers were attacking places of worship in the country few years ago.  Source By Salisu Sani-Idris Abuja -  The Sultan of Sokoto, Alhaji Sa’ad Abubakar III, has expressed optimism that Nigeria will overcome its economic and security challenges under the incorruptible leadership of President Muhammadu Buhari. He stated this on Friday in Abuja at an Islamic programme organised by the Nigerian Supreme Council… In "News" By Rotimi Ijikanmi   Abuja   -    The Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed says Nigeria will transform to major driver of global growth with its pool of vibrant, energetic youths and government’s repositioning policies. The minister said this in a keynote address he delivered at the 2018 ‘Africa… In "News" KANO (Sundiata Post) - About 62 per cent of children born in Nigerian were usually born outside health facilities, the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), said on Wednesday. According to UNICEF, while only 40 per cent of women access health facilities to give births, registration of births has been known… In "Health"