Oyo State Governor, Seyi Makinde has denied dumping the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) for another party. The governor, in a statement issued on Monday by his spokesman, Taiwo Adisa, described reports of his defection as “a concocted falsehood from purveyors of fake news, who are bent on maligning the governor at all cost.” “There is a concocted lie doing the rounds about Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State planning to dump the PDP,” he said. “This is the latest in the rounds of false reports and fake news, weapons which some individuals have employed to wage needless war against the governor. “It becomes imperative to attack the hydra-headed monster of fake news and false reports and this particular report raised all the red flags of fake news, as it was based on alleged hints from an individual who claimed not to want his name in print.”  The governor clarified his position on the rumour, saying he had no plan to defect to another party. Makinde explained that he has remained a strong pillar of the PDP for many years and is already leading the mission for its resurgence in the South-West. While denying moves to join the Advanced Democratic Congress (ADC), the Oyo governor vowed not to be distracted by the ridiculous lies being circulated by those he described as enemies within and without. Channels TV By Suleiman Shehu Ibadan - A former Minister of Sports and Special Duties, Prof. Taoheed Adedoja, has dumped the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and joined the All Progressives Congress (APC). While addressing newsmen on Friday in his Ikolaba residence in Ibadan, Adedoja said he had submitted his letter of resignation from… In "News" Oyo State Deputy Governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan; and former Majority Leader of the House of Representatives, Mrs Mulikat Adeola-Akande, have expressed disappointment in the way Governor Seyi Makinde is treating them and running the affairs of the Peoples Democratic Party in the state. The aggrieved PDP leaders include former Minister… In "Politics" By Akeem Abas Ibadan - The All Progressives Congress (APC), Oyo State Chapter, has charged Mr Seyi Makinde, the state Governor-elect, to prepare for art of governance and stop chasing shadows. The party’s Publicity Secretary, Dr Abdul-Azeez Olatunde, stated this in a statement on Tuesday in Ibadan. The News Agency… In "Politics"