Lagos State Commissioner for the Environment and Water Resources Mr. Tunji Bello has urged Nigerians, irrespective of ethnicity or religion, to support the National Leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, in his progressive drive for a virile country.  Speaking at the annual prayer meeting of the Mainland Independent Group (MIG), a Non-Governmental Organisation (NGO), Bello said Asiwaju Tinubu is dedicated to the cause of the common man.  A four-term member of the House of Representatives, Monsuru Alao, hailed Lagos State Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu for his dedication to duty and his loyalty to Asiwaju Tinubu. He enjoined Lagosians to support him. The Special Assistant to Bello on Politics, Mr. Ibrahim Megida, MIG Chairman Kayode Aransiola and Alhaja Nimota Morenkeji, an executive member of the group, praised Bello and Alao for empowering the needy. Those in attendance prayed for national stability, prosperity and divine guidance for the political leaders. A director at the Federal Psychiatrist Hospital, Yaba, Lagos, Dr. Oluwaniyi, delivered a talk on COVID-19 pandemic. Also at the event held at the Golden Gate Restaurant, Sabo, Yaba, Lagos were Chief Tayo Oyemade, the Vice Chairman of Yaba Local Council Development Area (LCDA), Bola Aileru, who represented his boss, Mr. Kayode Omileye, Chairman, Yaba LCDA, Mr. Rasheed Shabi, Alhaji Ganiyu Salako, Tony Fasanmi, Tajudeen Agoro, Tunde Williams, among others.  Source By Yemi Adeleye Lagos -  A coalition of youth associations and student groups, under the auspices of Sanwo-olu Youths and Students’ Campaign Organisation (SYSCO), on Saturday, drummed support for the governorship ambition of Mr Babajide Sanwo-olu. Sanwo-olu, a governorship aspirant of the All Progressives Congress (APC), is up against the… In "Politics" The Akinwunmi Ambode treatment in Lagos is definitely awaiting Edo State Governor, Godwin Obaseki, if reports filtering out from last Sunday's meeting between him and National Leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Tinubu in Lagos, is anything to go by. The Nation is reporting that Tinubu had… In "News" By Florence Onuegbu Lagos - The APC National Leader, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, on Thursday night declared that there was no differences to be sorted out in the party. Tinubu, also said, “there is no crisis in the party, hence, no fight to reconcile.” He made the declaration shortly after… In "Politics"