LAGOS – Fidelity Bank Plc has successfully issued 10 years N41.21 billion in fixed rate unsecured subordinated bond at a 8.5 percent coupon rate due in 2031. The bond issuance which was fully subscribed given that total investor interest and commitments in the bonds were N56.6 billion, adds to the impressive portfolio of landmark transactions structured by the bank, and underscores its capacity to successfully execute debt capital market transactions. The transaction is a landmark achievement in the Nigerian domestic debt market for being the largest corporate bonds ever issued by a Nigerian Bank including the deposit money banks and merchant banks etc. In December, the bank had announced plans to issue fixed income securities with 10-year tenor to support the growth and development of Small Medium Enterprises (SMEs), Retail Business as well as its technology infrastructure. The bank conducted the debt issuance under its registered N100 billion bond issuance programme. The bonds are unsecured and subordinated, which will qualify as Tier II Capital in line with the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) Guidance Notes on Regulatory Capital for commercial banks in Nigeria. Speaking on the significance and success of the bond issuance, Fidelity Bank Chairman, Mustapha Chike-Obi said that the bond issuance further demonstrates our confidence in Nigeria’s debt market. “It also validates the continued investor confidence in our corporate strategy and aspirations, strong corporate governance structure and solid and stable executive management team with robust history of superior financial performance and returns”, Obi explained. In her comments, Fidelity Bank CEO, Mrs. Nneka Onyeali-Ikpe noted that proceeds from the transaction would be utilised to support growth in the issuer’s risk assets in SME and retail business as well as investments in technology & retail infrastructure. This, Onyeali-Ikpe added is in line with the bank’s Tier I aspirations. According to her, our business fundamentals have remained strong despite the challenging economic environment occasioned by the coronavirus pandemic and the attendant recession. “The successful bond issuance highlights the confidence in the Fidelity brand, as well as our capability to expand our funding sources, and deliver innovative financial services to our esteemed customers”, she added. The issue was assigned a rating of A- by Agusto, and A by Datapro and will be listed on both the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) and FMDQ Securities Exchange Limited. Fidelity Bank is a full-fledged commercial bank operating in Nigeria, with over 5.7 million customers who are serviced across its 250 business offices and various other digital banking channels. The Bank is focused on select niche corporate banking sectors, Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) and is rapidly implementing a digital-based retail banking strategy which has resulted in annual double-digit growth in savings deposits in at least 7 consecutive years while over 50 percent of its customers are now enrolled on its digital platforms. By Nse Anthony-Uko (Sundiata Post) – InfraCredit, a ‘AAA’ rated infrastructure credit enhancement facility established by the Nigeria Sovereign Investment Authority in collaboration with GuarantCo (a Private Infrastructure Development Group company), on Wednesday, announced its inaugural guaranteed bond transaction, successfully connecting infrastructure as an asset class to the long-term local… In "Business" R-L: Lagos State Governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu; Commissioner for Finance, Dr. Rabiu Olowo and Lagos State Attorney General and Commissioner for Justice, Mr Moyo Onigbanjo (SAN) during the signing of the Lagos State N100 Billion Series III Bond Programme at Lagos House, Alausa, Ikeja, on Wednesday, Jan. 29, 2020 By… In "News" Lagos - Capital market operators have expressed optimism that the listing of the UBA Plc N30.50 billion bond on the FMDQ OTC and the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) would boost market liquidity. FMDQ OTC is Financial Market Dealers Quotations Over the Counter, another trading platform on the nation’s capital market.… In "Business"