The Ondo State Government on Tuesday faulted the figure for the COVID-19 situation in the state released by the Nigeria Centre For Disease Control.  The rejection is contained in a statement issued by the Acting Commissioner for Health, Dr Jibayo Adeyeye, in Akure. “The NCDC report created an impression that the state was now the most severely affected state in the country. This is far from the truth. “The true picture is that the figure recently declared for the state is cumulative of arrears for several days due to delay in getting results from the testing laboratories, “The current situation report with regards to COVID-19 in the state includes 18,443 as the total number of samples collected since inception, 2,491 confirmed cases, 2,395 recovery cases. “The total number of deaths from COVID-19 is 54; case of fatality rate goes to 2.2 per cent and the current test positivity rate is 20 per cent. “Though the government is concerned about the rate of infection in the state, the data indicates that the state is clearly not the most affected in the country,” he said. The commissioner said that the government would continue to do everything possible to bring down the rate of infection to the barest minimum. He urged the people to ensure compliance with all laid-down COVID-19 safety protocols.  Source By Abujah Racheal ABUJA - The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has announced 556 new COVID-19 cases in the country as total infections from the virus rise to 36,663. NCDC disclosed this on its official twitter handle late on Sunday. According to it, the total number of COVID-19 cases… In "Top Stories" By Cecilia Ologunagba Abuja - The World Health Organisation (WHO), Regional Office for Africa located in Brazzaville, Congo, says there are over one million confirmed COVID-19 cases on the African continent. The UN health agency gave the update on its regional official Twitter account @WHOAFRO on Friday. WHO stated on… In "News" .....As 150 People Died from Coronavirus Disease in Nigeria By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja -Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) on Monday said that 242 new cases as confirmed to have tested positive for COVID-19 thereby, increasing the total number of confirmed cases in Nigeria to 4,641. Also in its latest… In "Top Stories"