A Non-Governmental Organisation, The AfriWomen Initiative, has embarked on an adult literacy and entrepreneurship training programme. The programme is targeted to empower 2500 women. Its founder, Mrs. Adebukola Oso, said the programme, which commenced January this year, was aimed at contributing to the Sustainable Development Goal (SDG). This, she said, seeks to eliminate gender disparities and ensure equal access to education and vocational training by 2030. Mrs Oso said that the training, taken off with 50 women will run for nine months. She added that the training has been registered and is now being regulated by the Oyo State Adult and Non-Formal Education Agency, while the organisation has also recruited paid-facilitators and volunteers to ensure a successful outcome. She said: “The training goes beyond literacy, numeracy and enterprise skills. It will include practical, wellbeing and health activities like the training of women on how to make face masks and understanding of the value of face mask-wearing. In four weeks, we have registered 205 illiterate women in micro and small businesses for training. The Nation Lagos  -  Intel Corporation on Tuesday called for partnership to reach, impact and connect five million young women to the internet by 2020. Mr Adim Isiakpona, the Marketing and Public Relations Manager, Intel Semi Conductor West Africa Ltd., made the call in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria… In "News" AWKA - The Federal Government says it is committed to achieving Education for All (EFA) by 2015 and revitalisation of the Adult and Youth Literacy (RAYL) project in the country. The Minister of State for Education, Chief Nyesom Wike, gave the assurance at the 2014 International Literacy Day held in… In "News" By Douglas Okoro Abakaliki - Education Today for Sustainable Development Initiative (ETSDI), a non governmental organisation (NGO), has enrolled over 9000 learners into non-formal education and Life Skills programme in Ebonyi. Mr Morris Ogbe, Programme Director of ETSDI told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Friday in Abakaliki. According… In "News"