Abubakar Sani Bello, the Governor of Niger State, has said his administration will not pay ransom to kidnappers, The PUNCH reports.  Bello said this following the abduction of some students and staff of Government Science College in Kangara, Rafi Local Government Area of Niger State in the early hours of Wednesday.  Meanwhile, the Governor has ordered the immediate closure of all boarding schools in the bandit ravaged areas of the state. The Governor said the action is necessary to save the life of the students as the areas have already been taking over by bandits. He said this after a brief meeting with heads of security agencies in the state at the Government House, Minna on Wednesday. Bello urged the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), to deploy all necessary mechanisms to help in containing the situation as it is now out of hand. In response to the incident, the Presidency through a statement isued by the Senior Special Adviser to the President on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu, revealed that a team of security operatives have been dispatched towards the rescue of the abductees. The statement read in part, “President Muhammadu Buhari has received reports of the brazen attack on Government Science College, Kagara, Rafi Local Government Area of Niger State, following which a yet to be ascertained number of staff and students have been abducted by gunmen. “Following these reports, the President has directed the Armed Forces and Police, to ensure immediate and safe return of all the captives. “The President has also dispatched to Minna, Niger State a team of security chiefs to coordinate the rescue operation and meet with state officials, community leaders, as well as parents and staff of the College. “President Buhari has assured all of the support of his administration to the Armed Forces in their brave struggle against terrorism and banditry and urged them to do all that can be done to bring an end to this saga, and avoid such cowardly attacks on schools in the future.”  Source President Muhammadu Buhari has been asked by the Senate on Wednesday, February 17 to declare a state of emergency on insecurity following the abduction of students in Niger State by bandits. The red chamber made the call following a point of order by Senator Sani Musa (APC, Niger East), on… In "News" •Kidnappped Sheikh Ahmad Sulaiman The kidnappers of a famous Islamic scholar and prominent reciter of the Holy Quran, Sheikh Ahmad Sulaiman, have demanded for a ransom of N300 million before his release. PRNigeria gathered that the abducted Sheikh Suleiman, a prayer warrior and fanatical supporter of President Muhammdu Buhari, had… In "News" According to SaharaReporters, Auwalun Daudawa, the leader of the gang of bandits that abducted over 300 schoolboys in the Kankara Local Government Area of Katsina State who surrendered some weapons and ‘repented’ on Monday, has made a confession. The man congessed that he was paid millions of naira to surrender,… In "Features"