Some students of the Government Girls Secondary School, Jangebe, Zamfara State, who managed to escape have said that there were women the armed gang who abducted him. It had been reported that the school, which is located within the Talata-Mafara Local Government Area of the state, came under siege by bandits on Friday morning. Zamfara schoolgirls held in Dangulbi Forest9 forests ‘governed’ by bandits, B/HaramThe gunmen were said to have arrived the school in the wee hours of Friday, abducting students between 12 and 16 years from their dormitories. Madina Hamisu Kawaye, one of the students who escaped being kidnapped, narrated what transpired. “One woman in black attire woke me up by banging a gun on my bed and shouting at me. I woke up in fear. I observed that dozens of my colleagues were being sent out of the dormitory. “Some of them covered their body with their blankets,” a student said. Kawaye said she sneaked under a double bunk as the armed woman went to wake other students from their sleep. She shared the space under the bed with two other students. “They were asking for money and phones. One of the women among them asked for the house captain and the matron. “I overheard one of the gunmen telling someone on the phone that they had just entered the school and that they had begun gathering the students in large number,” she said. She said one of the gunmen spoke in Fulfulde, adding that “it was really a terrible moment for us. We could not get out of our hiding point until they vacated the hostels.” Another survivor who simply identified herself as Zainab said she escaped into a toilet when they were gathered near the school’s mosque, about to be taken to the vehicles. She said, “I sneaked out of the crowd and ran inside the toilet. “From where I was hiding inside the toilet, I heard gunshots as their vehicles zoomed off into the forest. We were crying and pleading with them to spare us.” A parent in Kawaye community in Anka Local Government Area, Malam Sadi Kawaye, said two of his daughters, Mansura and Sakina, were among those kidnapped. “I got to know about the abduction around 3am and immediately after Subhi prayer, I left for the community where the school was located and came back along with five girls from our community who managed to escape. Nine are with the kidnappers,” he said. Daily Trust Gunmen on Friday (early this morning) abducted yet to be ascertained number of schoolgirls from Government Girls Secondary School, Jangebe in Talata Mafara local government area of Zamfara state. However, in a developing story on BBC Hausa, about 300 felames students were said to have been abducted. This is coming… In "Top Stories" It has been revealed that some of the abducted schoolgirls in the state were made to trek by their attackers. The information was revealed by the Zamfara State Government. Gunmen had broken into Government Girls Secondary School, Jangebe, in the early hours of Friday, and whisked away a yet-to-be-revealed number… In "News" •The hostel of the abducted schoolgirls in Zamfara State GUSAU - Seven out of the 317 female students abducted at the Jangebe Government Girls Secondary School in Zamfara State have escaped from their abductors. A source who spoke with Channels Television from Jangebe town via a phone call on Friday… In "Top Stories"