Detectives attached to the Lagos Police Command have arrested a man, David Idibie, for allegedly beating his wife, Juliana, 42, to death in Ajah. The incident occurred on Tuesday night at their Joado Street, Oke Ira Nla residence. It was gathered that the deceased had picked a fight with her husband on grounds that he no longer ate at home. Sources told The Nation that she accused her husband of having a lover in whose place he usually ate since he no longer ate at home. An arguement was said to have ensued between the couple and the man attempted to leave the house in anger but his wife blocked the exit. While trying to ensure he didn’t go out, the woman allegedly slipped and hit her head on the ground. Unfortunately, the husband who was enraged paid no attention to his wife not knowing she was dying on the ground. Confirming the incident, police spokesman, Olumuyiwa Adejobi said it happened around 10pm on Tuesday. “It was gathered that the deceased had engaged the suspect in a hot argument on certain matrimonial issues and in the process, she slumped and sustained severe head injury. While lying in her pool of blood, the angry husband refused to rescue her until she gave up the ghost. “Police operatives attached to Langbasa Division in Ajah were notified by a neighbour. They raced to the scene, arrested the suspect and evacuated the corpse to the mortuary,” said Adejobi. According to Adejobi, Police Commissioner Hakeem Odumosu has condemned the act and vowed to work with other relevant agencies to tackle domestic violence in the state. “The CP has ordered that the matter be transferred to the State Criminal Investigation Department, Panti, Yaba, for proper investigation. While reiterating his zero tolerance for crimes and criminality, especially domestic violence, CP Hakeem Odumosu admonishes couples to always resolve their differences and conflicts with decorum and maturity as the law will not spear anyone who kills his or her spouse. “The Commissioner of Police, Lagos State, CP Hakeem Odumosu, therefore commiserates with the family and friends of the deceased on her untimely death and promises to make sure justice is done in the case.” The  Nation Ogun. - A man identified as Mutiu Sonola has been arrested by the operatives of the Ogun state Police Command for beating his wife, Zainab shotayo to death. Mutiu,37, allegedly started beating  his wife in the morning on Christmas Day over minor disagreement and despite being told by  neighbours to… In "Metro" A teacher, Abimbola Olamide, has been arrested by policemen from the Lagos State Police Command for allegedly stabbing her husband, Dare Akinbobola, to death at their residence in the Ikorodu area of Lagos State. It was gathered that there was an argument between the couple on Wednesday, which degenerated into… In "Metro" A 28-year-old man, Elijah Egbara, a native of Oshiegbe community in Ezza North Local Government Area of Ebonyi State was found dead on his bed, morning, after having s*x with his fiancée. The PUNCH gathered that the deceased and his fiancée went to bed after dinner the night before the… In "Relationship"