Popular Nigerian musician, Davido has given a tactful response after DJ Cuppy threatened to sue his aide, Israel DMW over allegations he made concerning the fight between Zlatan Ibile and Cuppy.  Recall that Davido’s personal logistic manager, Isreal DMW, had revealed what happened between Nigerian singer Zlatan and DJ Cuppy. Israel alleged that after the music collaboration between Cuppy and Zlatan, the DJ failed to give Zlatan money. He also revealed that Cuppy took the singer to Abuja for her fund raising where she made billions of Naira but refused to give Zlatan money. According to Isreal, the accommodations and feeding expenses during Zlatan’s stay in Abuja was also paid by the singer including the expenses of his team. Following allegations against her by Isreal, DJ Cuppy took to social media to reveal that she’s suing Davido’s aide for libel and defamation. In her words:  “For the record… There have been no breaches of my contractual agreement regarding the song #Gelato as confirmed by lawyers… However, as@IsrealDMW publicly inaccurately declared I owe an artist money, I am suing him for libel and defamation! See you in court Isreal.” Reacting to Cuppy’s threat to sue Isreal, the music executive took to her comment section and penned his popular catchphrase, “Tule” See screenshot below: Davido's aide, Israel DMW has reacted after DJ Cuppy threatened to sue him for libel and defamation. The DJ had called out the PA to popular singer, Davido over his statement that she allegedly breached her agreement with rapper Zlatan Ibile. She however denied the allegation in a post she… In "Entertainment" Ace disc jockey, DJ Cuppy, has taken to her social media accounts to set the records straight about allegations made against her by one of popular singer Davido’s aide, Afeare Isreal. Based on Isreal’s bio on Instagram, he claims to be Davido’s personal logistics manager. A few days ago, Israel… In "News" By Collins Yakubu-Hammer Abuja - Controversial US-based Nigerian rapper, Speed Darlington has called on Nigerian singer, Tiwa Savage to date him before the year 2030. The Imo-born rapper made the call on his Instagram handle @speeddarlingtontv with two different pictures of the 38 year-old mother of one and First Lady… In "Entertainment"