The Governor of Imo State, Hope Uzodinma, and senator Rochas Okorocha have been lambasted by the Peoples Democratic Party for terrorizing residents of the state with their embarrassing political fight.  The PDP spokesperson in the state, Ogubundu Nwadike, in a statement on Monday said that the clash between the supporters of Okorocha and Uzodinma on Sunday at Royal Spring Estate, Owerri, was “disgusting”. The statement alleged that the actions of Uzodinma and Okorocha were causing tension and apprehension in the state. The statement read, “The Peoples Democratic Party in Imo State, strongly condemns the horrific violent and bloody gun battle which recently occurred in the State between supporters of Senator Rochas Okorocha and supporters Governor Hope Uzodimma, where they were engaged in a bizarre indiscriminate shooting over the sealing by the Government, of Royal Spring Palm Estate Hotel, in the Akachi area of Owerri, the state capital. “It is highly disgusting that the present APC Government in the State has turned Imo into a terror zone and theatre of war and conflict. In recent times, Imolites have had the most tragic and excruciating experience ranging from the recent military invasion of parts of Orlu and Orsu Local Government Areas, which caused insecurity and other forms of gruesome attacks, leading to the breakdown of peace and order, and loss of lives and properties. “The recent violence perpetrated by supporters of Senator Rochas Okorocha and Governor Hope Uzodimma has stirred up tension and apprehension in the state thereby toppling the atmosphere of saturated peace and tranquility. “It is indeed, highly despicable that under the present administration, Imo State which used to be the center and cynosure of public peace and orderliness has turned into a jungle of terror where hooliganism, rascality, thuggery, and abuse of the dignity of human peace have become the order of the day. The APC Government in the state has created a Frankenstein monster that haunts the relative peace and social order in the state, Imolites are now living under fear and apprehension and can no more sleep with their two eyes closed. “It is most disheartening that our dear state has become a laughing stock and object of mockery and caricature due to the present psychopathic leadership which is creating unnecessary tension and also mortgaging the peace of the state. “We wish to add that since the inception of the present APC government in the state, Imo State has not experienced any modicum of peace, rather the State has continued to wallow and dangle on the debris of hopelessness, misgovernance and massive developmental haemorrhage. Rather than tormenting and unleashing terror on Imolites, APC Government in the state should begin to champion a harmonized and defined strategy for leadership excellence and good governance.”  Source The South-East Governors Forum has waded into the impasse between the Imo Governor, Hope Uzodinma, and the state’s former governor, Rochas Okorocha. A squabble ensued between both sides’ supporters on February 21 when Okorocha allegedly broke into the Royal Spring Palm Apartment, Owerri, sealed by the Imo State Government on… In "Politics" Former governor of Imo State and member representing Imo West Senatorial District, Owelle Rochas Okorocha has denied having any problem with Governor Hope Uzodinma. The senator said rather, Governor Uzodinma is the one creating problems for himself and also inventing problems where they do not exist. Uzodinma had at the… In "News" By Ikechukwu Iweajunwa Owerri - Former Imo Gov. Rochas Okorocha has felicitated Sen. Hope Uzodinma of the All Progressives Congress (APC) over the Supreme Court rulling declaring him the winner of the 2019 governorship election in Imo. But some stakeholders in the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the state described… In "Politics"