Plateau State Governor, Simon Lalong, on Tuesday, lamented the proliferation of arms including AK-47 rifles amongst herders and farmers in the country.  Lalong, who is also the Chairman of the Northern Governors Forum, stressed that the full implementation of the National Livestock Transformation Plan was the solution to the frequent skirmishes between host farmers and nomadic cattle rearers. He stated this while featuring on Channels Television’s ‘Sunrise Daily’ monitored by The PUNCH.  The governor insisted that open grazing must be banned and the ranching system of cattle breeding must be embraced by all to experience peace in the country. He said, “Today, we are now seeing the hazard of allowing people do open grazing here and there. But they (herders) also want solution; by the time you explain to them, they also want to stay in one place, they would also want to keep away from carrying AK-47. I’m not justifying anybody to carry AK-47 but don’t forget that in the course of our deliberations and investigations, it was not only Fulani herdsmen that were carrying AK-47, even farmers were carrying AK-47.  “It is just proliferation of arms in respect to guarding themselves. Everybody is trying to protect himself, we shouldn’t allow self-help. “At the time there were farmers-herdsmen clashes here (in Plateau), we arrested people, farmers also had AK-47 and the herdsmen were also holding AK-47 too. But if you want all of them not to hold AK-47 again, you must put deliberate efforts to curtail the influx of light arms and secondly find ways to take these people away from the old type of farming and then introduce them to the modern system.”  Of late, Bauchi State Governor, Bala Mohammed, has come under fire for saying herdsmen carry AK-47 rifles for self-defence. The comment generated outrage with Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State and his Ondo State counterpart, Rotimi Akeredolu, knocking the Bauchi governor for supporting criminality. Makurdi -  Former Sokoto governor Attahiru Bafarawa has advised both the Benue and federal governments to evolve a political solution to end the violence instead of trading blames. “What is required to end the crisis is a workable solution that would be acceptable to all sides; trying to establish who… In "News" The Governor of Benue State, Samuel Ortom, on Friday said that the N13.5billion approved by the Federal Government for Community Policing will assist in the training of local recruits for the exercise. Ortom also insisted that Nigerians need to be licenced to bear AK-47 rifles for self-protection and defence, in… In "News" In the South West, Sunday Adeniyi Adeyemo, popularly known as Sunday Igboho, has recently been in the news. The self-styled Yoruba activist gained popularity (or notoriety) recently in the country after he led an attack against a Fulani community leader in Oyo whom he accused of harbouring Fulani herders engaging in criminal… In "Column - Monday"