Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, the former Minister of Finance, has been appointed as the Director-General of the World Trade Organisation.  Okonjo-Iweala, whose tenure begins March 1, is the first woman and African to hold the position. The WTO stated this in a tweet on Monday, saying, “Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala from Nigeria is appointed as the next WTO Director-General. Dr. Okonjo-Iweala makes history as the first woman and the first African to lead the WTO. Her term starts on the 1st of March 2021. “WTO members took the decision to appoint @NOIweala at a special meeting of the General Council, following a selection process that included eight candidates from around the world #WTODG.” The former Minister had, a few days ago, received the backing of the administration of US President Joe Biden for the role. The US Trade Representative in a statement cited her “wealth of knowledge in economics and international diplomacy” and said she had “proven experience managing a large international organization.” Okonjo-Iweala was challenged by South Korean Trade Minister Yoo Myung-hee who later withdrew from the race for the position.  Source The European Parliament has endorsed the candidacy of Nigeria’s Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala in her quest to lead the World Trade Organisation as Director-General. The Parliament in a letter on Wednesday said it screened the two remaining candidates in the WTO DG race – Okonjo-Iweala and Yoo Myung-hee of South Korea –… In "News" By Adedapo David Adamolekun On June 9, 2020, the WTO communicated on its website that ‘Nigeria, on 9 June 2020, nominated Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala for the post of WTO Director-General to succeed the current Director-General, Mr Roberto Azevêdo, who has announced he will step down on 31 August 2020.’The WTO’s… In "Opinion" •Dr. Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala The United States of America has finally endorsed Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, a former Nigerian Finance Minister for the office of the director-general of the World Trade Organisation (WTO). The development follows the deliberate withdrawal of Yoo Myung-hee, South Korean Trade Minister from the race to head the World… In "Top Stories"