30,000 N-power beneficiaries have been given federal jobs by the federal government.  According to DailyPost, the 30,000 N-power volunteers were trained and deployed to 774 local government areas as agric enumerators. The Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, Alhaji Sabo Nanono, stated this on Monday. This was part of the minister’s report on progress in the implementation of the Economic Sustainability Plan, ESP, of the Buhari Administration as Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, SAN, presides over a meeting of the Economic Sustainability Committee at the Presidential Villa. They also reported that under the ESP, a total of 5.4million farmers have now been enumerated to get the support under the plan. He added that “for the enumeration which involved geospatial tagging, almost 73,000 N-Power volunteers were trained and 30,000 of them deployed to 774 Local Government Areas.” For the purposes of funding through the CBN, the minister disclosed that 2.9million of the farmers have had their BVN enrollment validated. Also, according to him, the clearing of 3,200 hectares of land for farming is ongoing in several States including Edo, Plateau, Ekiti, Cross River, Ogun, Kaduna, Kwara, and Osun States while rural road constructions have reached about 28% completion covering 344km, linking about 500 markets across the country.  Source N-Power beneficiaries, who have concluded the two-year job programme, will now be able to access permanent job opportunities or business prospects, the Federal Government has declared. This is part of the newly-activated N-power exit strategy. The initiative is for Batches A and B of the N-Power programme. Minister of Humanitarian… In "News" Uyo  -   Former N-Power volunteer Daniel Joshua of Taraba, who returned N60,000 to the Federal Government last week, has gained N300,000 courtesy of Nigerians who paid him for his truthfulness. Joshua made news when he refunded two months of stipends he was paid by the job creation scheme after he… In "News" Jos -   Eight thousand and five hundred unemployed youths have been registered in Taraba and Kogi States by the Federal Government under the N-power employment programme. The News Agency of Nigeria ( NAN ) reports that the youths were recruited in the N-Health,  N-Agro, N-Community Education and N-Teach categories.… In "Business"