21 people have been killed and 40 others kidnapped as bandits attacked four communities in Shiroro local government area of Niger state.  Sources said that the attack which occurred on Monday evening had many other villagers injured. It was gathered that over 100 gunmen stormed the four communities of Kurebe, Sabon Gida, Sararai and Rafin Kanya at different times on Monday. The gunmen came in their usual style of riding motorcycles and shooting sporadically into the air causing the people to scamper away to safety. An eyewitness said that there was confusion especially as the bandits went from one house to another shooting and abducting people. “They seem to know who they were looking for. It was very terrible. I sustained an injury on my legs and I am currently receiving treatment”, he told The Nation on phone. Secretary to the Niger State Government, Ahmed Ibrahim Matane has confirmed the incident.  The Co-Convener of Concerned Shiroro Youths, Sani Abubakar Yusuf Kokki also confirmed the attack saying it was a day of total blackout in Shiroro local government area. He lamented that terrorists have continued to have a field day in the council sacking the communities with gusto and crass impunity. “Arising from the nefarious activities of these bandits, Internally Displaced Persons are conspicuously littered everywhere, helter-skelter and scampering for peace and safety. Unfortunately, nothing is being done by the authorities concerned to salvage the ugly situation,” he added. Sohttp://Nationurce Kidnappers and gunmen have sustained attacks in different parts of the country abducting 75 persons and killing 18 others. In Niger State, no fewer than 50 persons were abducted in the early hours of Thursday when bandits attacked Bassa community in the Shiroro Local Government Area of the state. Nine… In "News" An early morning bandits attack in Erena in Shiroro local government area of Niger state has left two people dead and about 2,000 cattle stolen. Many people were injured in the attack where over 100 bandits were said to have invaded Erena and its environs shooting sporadically and brandishing dangerous… In "News" •As thousands flee Delta community over killings, Kidnapping•Police engage suspected herdsmen in gun duel•Residents allege abandonment by govt Omon-Julius Onabu in Asaba and Laleye Dipo in Minna Abuja (Sundiata Post) - For the second time in less than two weeks, bandits, again, attacked Gurmana town in the Shiroro Local Government… In "Top Stories"