Abductors of a Rivers Monarch, HRM, Aaron Ikuru and a University Don, Dr. Jones Ayauwo are yet to establish contact with victims’ family members, four days after the incident. The police spokesman, Nnamdi Omoni, a Superintendent of police (SP), the University community and family members of the victims confirmed this to the Nation in Port Harcourt, Thursday. This is contrary to rumours making the rounds that the abductors have already reached out to the victims’ families and are asking for N10 billion ransom. The duo were kidnapped Sunday evening, at different places in the state. While Dr. Ikuru was reportedly abducted at his Palace in Ikuru Town, Andoni Local Government Area of the state, amidst heavy shooting, Dr. Ayauwo was waylaid and abducted in a commercial vehicle along Andoni/Bori road to unknown destination. He was said to be returning from Bible translation activity at his Andoni hometown when four heavily armed men intercepted their vehicle and took him, robbed other passengers of the bus, including three journalists from state own Television station. Their abductions have been generating reactions in the state, with individuals, victims’ family members, communities, groups and organizations calling for their safe and unconditional release. Some of those include students of the Department of Linguistics, University of Port Harcourt, where the abducted lecturer teaches, and members of Obolo youth Coalition (OYC). The student who described Dr. Ayauwo as students’ best, favourite in the department noted that his absence in the past days has discouraged activities in the department, as the joy of learning has been dried up by the unfortunate kidnap. They called on the joint security services, especially the police, Department of Security Services Civil Defence and the Army, to work harder to ensure their teacher and other regain freedom and unhurt. The Nation By Yusuf Alli Some unknown gunmen on Tuesday evening abducted Dayo Adewole, who is the son of the immediate past Minister of Health, Prof. Isaac Adewole. The military, the police, security agents and local hunters were already on the trail of the kidnappers as at press time. The ex-minister has,… In "Top Stories" YENAGOA - A cousin to ex-President Goodluck Jonathan, who was kidnapped together with his father, Chief Inegite Jonathan, was found dead in Otuoke, Bayelsa State on February 19. Relatives said that fishermen found the body of Samuel Oki, 35, that was floating in Otuoke river, two days after the kidnapping. Premium… In "Top Stories" Kidnappers of 80-year-old Napoleon Alele, father of the Chairman of Sagbama Local Government Area of Bayelsa State, Embeleakpo Alele, have demanded N100m ransom to release the octogenarian. Pa Alele was abducted by yet-to-be-identified gunmen at his country home, Agbere, on May 8, 2020. A family source said the abductors contacted… In "News"