A promising footballer has died a painful death in the hands of suspected Fulani herdsmen, It was gathered that the talented footballer identified as Terwase Iorbee was attacked and killed by Fulani herdsmen in Gwer-West Local Government Area of Benue State.  Terwase, a talented footballer, who also worked as a commercial motorcyclist, was stabbed to death by the herdmen on his way to a fish market in Apochi village on Tuesday, February 2. A friend of the deceased, Udam Samuel Aseer, who confirmed the incident, said the herdsmen pierced his stomach with a knife and also shot dead a man who came to his rescue. Aseer wrote; FULANI MEN KILLED MY FRIEND TODAY IN GWER-WEST LGA 02-02-2021 With deep sense of sorrows over the untimely death my friend/neighbor, Mr. Terwase Iorbee, I pray God Almighty grant him eternal rest. Information reached me has it that unknown Fulani herdsmen attacked my neighbor called Mr. Iorbee Terwase popularly known as “Google”, a commercial motorcyclist (Okada-guy) & a talented footballer on his way to a fish market close to Apochi village, Injaha community in Idoma land, Tyoughatee/Injaha ward Gwer-West LGA Benue state. That the Fulani men use knife to pierced on his stomach, And the Idoma man, one Mr. Peter Ajeibi (Short man) of new Nigeria area who came to his rescue was gun down to death immediately by the Fulani herdsmen. Thereafter, Mr. Google was urgently taken to a private hospital in Naka, where he received treatment & died after some hours. The news of your death today, 02-02-2021 made me to recalled my last conversation with you, therein, you told me that unknown hoodlums attacked & collected your new Honda motorcycle (Kperegh) along Naka-Taraku-Otukpo road in recent time and you borrowed another motorcycle from a friend to look for food. Sorrowfully, I told you that the devil is working around you but our prayers will shame the devil as God Almighty is the supreme controller general of the universe. Today, you just left us on earth in tears. O’Lord save us from continuous herdsmen attacks in Gwer-West LGA & Benue state at large, And grant him eternal rest. Udam Samuel Aseer Nts miss you the google master (as I usually called you). Rest in a perfect peace Brother.  Source ONITSHA (Sundiata Post) - Human rights group, the International Society for Civil Liberties and the Rule of Law (Intersociety) has said 100 Christians were killed in April 2019 while between 750 and 800 Christians lost their lives in the first four months of 2019 in  attacks carried out by herdsmen. … In "Top Stories" ONITSHA (Sundiata Post) - Human rights group, the International Society for the Rule of Law (Intersociety), says a total of 2,400 Nigerian Christians were hacked to death by Fulani jihadists in 2020. In a statement sent to Sundiata Post on Sunday, the group also said out of the given  number… In "Top Stories" •Boko Haram Pattern Of Killings By The Jihadist Groups: While 100% of victims of Jihadist herdsmen killings are Christians, it is symmetrically 60%/40% or 50%/50% for Christians and Muslims killed in recent times by jihadist Boko Haram/ISWAP. This is unlike in 2009 to 2017 when it was 80% Christian victims… In "Top Stories"