The names of some staff member of the Government Science College, Kagara, Niger State that were kidnapped in the early hours of Wednesday by gunmen suspected to be bandits has been revealed. The staff members were identified as Mrs Salmanu, Mr Lawal, Mr Ali, Mr Batagi, Mr Mohammed Abubakar and Mrs Hannatu Dodo, along with her husband. According to SaharaReporters, one of the teacher, Batagi escaped from the gunmen around 6am. Newspot had earlier reported that one student has been killed and several other students abducted as armed bandits attacked Government Science College Kagara in Rafi Local Government Area of Niger State. Newspot gathered that the bandits also kidnapped some teachers and their family members residing within the College Staff Quarters. According to a government source who spoke to Channels Television on Wednesday, the students and teachers were abducted at about 2:00 am on Wednesday when the bandits stormed the school. The source stated that bandits started shooting sporadically and in the process, a student was killed while some others sustained gunshots. The source could not, however, give the number of persons abducted and those injured as at the time of filing the report According to the source, the gunmen were dressed in the same school uniform used by the students, disguising themselves to be members of the school. The bandits were said to have gathered some staff and students at a place for hours before moving them out of the school premises to an unknown destination.  Newspot Abubakar Sani Bello, the Governor of Niger State, has said his administration will not pay ransom to kidnappers, The PUNCH reports. Bello said this following the abduction of some students and staff of Government Science College in Kangara, Rafi Local Government Area of Niger State in the early hours of… In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate Wednesday called on President Muhammadu Buhari, to as a matter of urgency, declare a state of emergency on insecurity in the country. This was just as the Upper Chamber condemned in very strong terms, Wednesday’s abduction of students and teachers of Government… In "Top Stories" President Muhammadu Buhari has been asked by the Senate on Wednesday, February 17 to declare a state of emergency on insecurity following the abduction of students in Niger State by bandits. The red chamber made the call following a point of order by Senator Sani Musa (APC, Niger East), on… In "News"