ABA, Abia State – The Anglican community was yesterday thrown into mourning when one of her priests, wife and their maid died under mysterious circumstances. The Archdeacon of St. Paul’s Anglican Church, Ariaria, Aba, Julius Dike and wife, Agnes were reported to have held a crusade within the church premises the previous night. They were said to have after the crusade, ate and retired to bed together with their maid. It was gathered that the following morning, the priest and his household could not come out to conduct morning service as usual. According to information, at a point, some of the parishioners became apprehensive and broke into the official residence of the Archdeacon, only to find him dead with his household. A source attributed the death of the Archdeacon and others to food poisoning. The children of the Archdeacon whose wife was said to be a staff of Aba South Local Government Council, according to the source would have been among the dead if they had not gone back to school. A parishioner who spoke with Daily Sun on the condition of anonymity said neither the Archdeacon nor any member of his family complained of ill health before they retired to bed. (Daily Sun) The Police in Aba, Abia State, has confirmed the death of a four-year-old boy after an all night prayer in a church on Saturday morning. The police, who did not give the name of the deceased, also confirmed that 15 other persons were choked during the event. A group called… In "News" The Diocesan Bishop of the Church of Nigeria (Anglican Communion) of Ekiti West, Rufus Adepoju, has been suspended for alleged involvement in sexual misconduct. Adepoju, according to a letter dated December 11, 2020 was said to have been caught with the wife of a priest under his employment and care.… In "News" A 70-year-old Anglican Priest, Canon Foluso Ogunsuyi of the Danian Marian Memorial Anglican Church, Ikun, Akoko Southwest local government and his son, an Army Sergeant, have been reportedly attacked by suspected armed bandits on Oba-Ikun road. According to sources, the incident took place on morning while travelling on the road.… In "News"