Some women in Kaduna State have decried alleged extortion and nepotism in the ongoing N20,000 grant being disbursed by the Federal Ministry of  , Disaster Management and Social Development in the state.  The women spoke to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Monday in Kaduna at the venue of the disbursement. The said that unidentified persons were extorting money from some of the beneficiaries. NAN reports that the fund was meant for poor and vulnerable women. They alleged that most of the targeted beneficiaries were schemed out of the process, adding that those who benefitted were “mainly family and friends of the officials and politicians.’’ The women told NAN that the process was characterised by massive extortion of unsuspecting beneficiaries by unidentified individuals. One of the women, Kahdija Ahmad, told NAN that the grant designed to give a lifting hand to some of the poorest and most vulnerable citizens was ending up in the pockets of the “well-to-do’’. According to her, some of the women that benefited drove to the venue in flashy cars, a clear indication that they do not need such support. Another woman, Rabi Mohammed, said that the names of about 50 of them were collected and were told to come to the venue in a group, lamenting that none of them received the money. “We have been coming here every day for the past three days, with some of us coming as early as 6:00 a.m. but got nothing. “Others will come, make a call or two and someone will come out from the hall and usher them in. A few minutes later, they will come out smiling with money in their pockets while we stand and watch,” Mrs Mohammed told NAN. By George Odok Calabar - The Cross River Government has commenced the disbursement of N240million COVID-19 Intervention relief fund also known as Conditional Cash Transfer (CCT). The money which was released by the Federal Government was to give succour to poor and vulnerable households across the 18 local government Apareas… In "Politics" Abuja  - Winners of the third edition of the Youth Enterprise with Innovation in Nigeria (YouWin) programme on Monday stormed the headquarters of the ministry of finance and almost paralysed business activities at the place. The youths said they were protesting the 13 months delay in the release of their… In "News" The Federal Government has terminated the contracts of two Payment Service Providers (PSP) for failure to meet up with the contractual agreement to commence Conditional Cash Transfer (CCT) to beneficiaries in four states. The Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Hajiya Sadiya Farouq, made the disclosure in… In "News"