Nollywood veteran actor, Victor Decker, was found dead in his apartment on Monday by his neighbours at about 5 pm.  The Nation gathered Decker’s neighbours broke down the door to his apartment before they found his lifeless decomposed body in his sitting room.  He was 72 but the cause remains unknown. Mayor of the Actors Guild of Nigeria, Abuja, Jesse Nazareth, confirmed the incident. “Yes, Victor Decker is dead. I am in the mortuary where they want to embalm him. I am not aware of the cause of his death. I just got a call that his neighbours did not see him for days so they got concerned. “They went to his house, knocked on his door but got no response so they had to break down the door. That was when they saw him sitting on his chair lifeless. “He was already smelling as he was decomposing. I rushed down there to arrange the necessary things.” She added that several hospitals rejected the body of the late actor because it was already decomposing. “I had to obtain a police report and cars to convey him to a hospital. I took him to several hospitals but they rejected him because his body was already decomposing. At about 3 am this morning, we were referred to a private hospital in Bwari, Abuja, where they accepted his body. This morning, they are embalming his body but they need to first reduce its size as he has swollen.” Decker starred in films like Double Strings, If I am President and Lotanna.  Source According to Punch Metro, the decomposing corpse of Oluwaseyi Ishmael, a Lagos businessman, has been found in his apartment at the Magodo Phase 2 area of Lagos State. It was gathered that Oluwaseyi, while soliciting the assistance of his family members, had allegedly threatened to kill himself if they refused… In "News" Lagos - Tragedy struck at Olowora area of Mafoluku-Oshodi, Lagos on Wednesday as a family of five and one other person died of suspected food poisoning.    Family members and neighbours were thrown into confusion following the death of five members of a family and their guest in Lagos on Wednesday.… In "News" LAGOS - Some celebrities in the nation’s entertainment sector on Monday expressed shock at the demise of Nollywood actor, Muna Obiekwe, who passed away on Sunday due to kidney complications.[pro_ad_display_adzone id="10"] Speaking to the News Agency of Nigeria in separate interviews, the entertainers lamented the death of their colleague and… In "Style"