A Kenyan man has been sentenced to 30 years in jail for attempted murder after he chopped off his wife’s hands. In what was described as the most atrocious cases of domestic violence, Stephen Ngila chopped off Jackline Mwende’s hands with a machete in Machakos County on July 25, 2016, because she couldn’t conceive after seven years of marriage. Ngila, now 39, was given the sentence on Tuesday, February 9, after he was found guilty. He was however granted 14 days to appeal the ruling. In her judgment, Machakos Law Court Justice Brenda Bartoo said the court had taken note the accused was not remorseful for the offense he was convicted of. “The court notes that the offense committed was grave, and the victim in the statement does not wish for any restitution,” she outlined while giving factors that informed the term. “Therefore I proceed and sentence you for the offense of attempted murder contrary to section 220(A) of penal code,” she added in her judgement. Mwende told the court her husband chopped off her hands with a machete because she could not bear him children. The Nation NAIROBI, Kenya -- 'Merck More than a Mother' initiative will support Jackline Mwende, the recent victim of infertility stigma, throughout the rest of her life after having her hands chopped off by her husband for failing to bear children. Merck aims to empower infertile women across the continent through access… In "Metro" A Chinese court made a rare move to calm public outrage this week over a controversial murder case involving a young woman killed by her husband and in-laws. The 22-year-old Chinese woman had only been married for six months when her husband and in-laws beat her to death, because she… In "Foreign" Ado-Ekiti -  An Ado-Ekiti Customary Court, on Friday dissolved a five-year-old marriage between Francis Adebayo and his wife, Roseline, for threats to life by the wife’s man friend. The President of the court, Mrs Olayinka Akomolede, observed that the marriage had broken down irretrievably and consequently dissolved the marriage. Akomolede… In "Metro"