Adeyemi, who was contributing to a motion on “Safe School Initiative in Nigeria”, was apparently reacting to a social media post that had berated Kogi State Governor Yahaya Bello, an accusation that was linked to Senator Enyinnaya Abaribe, who represents Abia South in the Senate. Abaribe expressed surprise at Adeyemi’s outburst, denying ever making the alleged statement. Adeyemi had said that while some governors, like Bello, were committed to the welfare and protection of their people, the people of Abia were being governed by “drunkards”. He said: “Despite that some governors are doing their best, we are lucky to have a governor who has taken the issue of security as a serious priority. “We are bordered by nine states, but we had an experience of the unfortunate incidents that are happening in neighbouring states. “Some governors are committed to the protection of their people. In my state, the governor awarded contracts for the renovation of schools and provides security services to them. “In some states of Nigeria today, where we have highly intelligent people, highly educated people, very enterprising people, like Abia, they are governed by drunkards. The governor of Abia is a champagne-drinking man. “Abia people are impoverished more than ever before. Abia people are unfortunate.” At that point, Senate President Ahmad Lawan cautioned Adeyemi against the use of what he called “un-parliamentary” language. Responding, Abaribe expressed surprise at Adeyemi’s comment and urged him to apologise to the governor of Abia State. He said: “Mr. President, I will like to make a clarification. Unfortunately, what has happened here today is one of the problems that you see on social media. I never made any comment on the governor of Kogi State. Never. “What has happened is what we see going on today. People write something and tag your name to it. And if you don’t ask question, you will not know whether you actually said it or not.” The Nation By Friday Idachaba Lokoja - Sen. Smart Adeyemi, Director- General, Bello/Onoja Campaign Organisation says that the All Progressives Congress (APC) does not believe in violence and has no thugs. Adeyemi cleared the air during a news Conference at the Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ) Press Centre, Lokoja on Friday. He… In "Politics" ABUJA - Sen. Enyinnaya Abaribe, Chairman, Senate Committee on Media and Publicity, has promised to grant autonomy to Abia local governments if he is elected as the state governor in 2015. He said this on Friday in Abuja after picking the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) nomination and expression of interest… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja — Governors of the South-Eastern states have lampooned the Federal Government on implementation of projects in the zone, saying the centre has short-changed states in the region in the implementation of capital projects in the 2017 budget. But the Federal Government was quick to rebut this… In "Top Stories"