…Extends Tenure of South-West, North-Central and North-West Zonal Caretaker Committees By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Peoples Democratic Party has postponed the commencement of sale of forms for Anambra governorship primary election from the earlier scheduled date of Monday, March 1, 2021 to a new date of Wednesday, March 10, 2021. Also, the party has slated March 1, 2021 as the last day for submission of already purchased and completed forms for Zonal Congresses in all the zones. Consequently, screening of aspirants for North-East, South-East and South-South Zonal congresses is now scheduled for Tuesday March 02, 2021 at the Zonal Headquarters. The party made the announcement on Sunday in a series of tweets via it’s official twitter handle. According to the party, the tenures of Zonal Caretaker Committees for South-West, North-Central and North-West have been extended for another period of 30 days. The fresh extension takes effect from March 10, 2021, being the date of the expiration of the current tenure. All leaders of our party, critical stakeholders and our teeming members are to take note of these changes in the schedule of activities of our great party. By Chimezie Anaso   The leadership crisis in the Anambra chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) was thought to have been resolved after the state’s congress at the party headquarters in Awka on Dec.4, 2017. The congress was organised by the erstwhile Sen. Ahmed Makarfi-led interim National Caretaker Committee… In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Reformed All Progressives Congress (R-APC) emerged on Wednesday with the members claiming to be the authentic faction of the party but distanced itself  from what it called a charade national convention that produced comrade Adams Oshiomole- led national executive. The national chairman of… In "Top Stories" ABUJA (SundiataPost) - President Goodluck Jonathan has affirmed that he will pick ‎the  ruling PDP normation form to formally express his interest to run for the presidential elections next year before the October 30, 2014 deadline given by his party, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). The Party's National Publicity Secretary,… In "News"