David Zapaina, the police official who fell from a bridge after a traffic offender tried to evade the authorities has been discharged from hospital and is in stable condition.  He, however, sustained a fracture to the hand. The Police Public Relations Officer, Muyiwa Adejobi, said this in a statement titled, ‘Traffic Enforcement: Policeman in Viral Video Alive, Healthy’ on Thursday. The Sports Utility Vehicle driver, Sunday Okodo, who was caught in a viral video driving against traffic and tipping the policeman over a bridge along the International Airport Road, Lagos, has been taken to the Yaba Magistrate Court for arraignment. Muyiwa Adejobi, said the incident occurred at 5.30 pm on Wednesday, adding that the victim sustained a fracture. The statement read in part, “The incident occurred on Wednesday, February 24, 2021, at about 1730hrs, when some LASTMA personnel were backed up by the police on enforcement duty within the state contravened a Toyota SUV, driving against the traffic along International Airport road. “The driver resisted arrest and while trying to escape, a police inspector, David Zapania, was knocked down from the bridge and fell into a canal. The police inspector was rescued and rushed to the Lagos State Emergency and Trauma Centre where he was attended to and discharged, but sustained a fracture on his left hand. “Meanwhile the reckless driver, Sunday Okodo, 38, of Alose close, has been arrested and his vehicle impounded. The driver will be arraigned today, Thursday, February 25, 2021.”  Source Abuja (Sundiata Post) - A police officer has reportedly killed a bike man over N100 bribe in the Okota area of Lagos. According to reports, the officer killed a certain Aliu Rafiu, a motorcycle rider in the area, who was on his way to work in the early hours of… In "News" Violence that rocked #EndSARS protests across the country worsened on Tuesday with 43  protesters and six policemen losing their lives.   Protesters calling for the disbanding of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad of the Nigeria Police have been carrying out peaceful demonstrations across the country since October 8.   However,… In "Top Stories" By Abiodun Lawal Abeokuta -  Four persons were confirmed dead while two others sustained injuries in an auto crash which occurred on the Kara bridge on the Lagos-Ibadan Expressway on Friday. Mr Babatunde Akinbiyi, the spokesman of the Traffic Compliance and Enforcement Corps (TRACE), confirmed the incident to the News… In "News"