The Non-Academic Staff Union (NASU) and Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities (SSANU) in the Lagos State University (LASU) have suspended their strike. The unions, under the aegis of Joint Action Committee (JAC), went on strike on February 5 to protest their unpaid minimum wage arrears and other demands. They also demanded for payment of their earned allowances and rightful position. NASU Chairman Moruf Sanni said the strike was suspended to honour Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu. “We had a virtual meeting with the government on Wednesday, and we were begged to honour the governor by suspending the strike. “After the suspension, we can come back to negotiate with the government. We believe that the governor will do whatever he says,” Sanni said. Public Relations Officer of the Students Union Government (SUG) Zaenab Adams said the students were yet to return to campus. Adams said the university management would be meeting today to discuss and announce a resumption date so that examinations can be concluded. The Nation SSANU, NASU, NAAT Suspend Strike: The Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities (SSANU), the Non-Academic Staff Union of Universities (NASU) and the National Association of Academic Technologists (NAAT) have suspended the strike they embarked upon 11 days ago. This development is coming after ASUU suspended of her own industrial action.… In "Education" By Oluwakemi Oladipo   Lagos  -Normal activities resumed at the Lagos State University (LASU),Ojo, on Wednesday following the suspension of a two-day protest by the academic staff and non-academic staff unions of the institution. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the two main gates leading into the institution… In "Education" The Minister of Education Malam Adamu Adamu on Friday announced the reopening of schools on October 12. While the announcement was received with excitement by many students, undergraduates are, however, not happy, especially as Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities SSANU and Non-Academic Staff Union of Universities NASU announced that… In "News"