Daughter of former Senate President David Mark and member representing Otukpo/Ohimini Federal Constituency of Benue, Hon. Blessing Onuh, has joined the All Progressives Congress (APC) from the All Progressive Grand Alliance(APGA).  The member representing Bauchi Federal Constituency, Hon. Yakubu Abdullahi, also dumped the People’s Redemption Party (PRP) for the APC. In two separate letters read by Speaker Femi Gbajabiamila, the two lawmakers said they were leaving the platforms that sponsored their elections due to crisis at all levels of the parties. Onuh said she was leaving APGA due to leadership crisis at all levels of the party, adding she decided to leave after serious consultation with her people. She commended national leadership of the APC for making the defection possible. Onuh formally joined the APC at a well- attended event in her constituency in December 2020. Abdullahi said he decided to leave the PRP as a result of the crisis, which led to emergence of two national chairmen for the party as well as two chairmen in Bauchi state. He said Alhaji Falalu Bello and Prof. Sule Bello were laying claim to chairmanship of the party with two separate national headquarters. He also said one of the factions of the party in Bauchi state wrote him a letter suspending him from the party. The lawmaker said the crisis in the party in Bauchi state is worrisome as it has led to series of litigations among members of the party.  Source By Martins Odeh ABUJA - Hon. Blessing Onuh representing Otukpo/Ohimini Federal Constituency of Benue state has described late MKO Abiola as an “indisputable pillar’’ of the Country’s Democracy. The lawmaker, who was among the 360 parliamentarians inaugurated on Tuesday, explained that the zeal, energy and commitment of the late June… In "News" By Emmanuel Oloniruha Abuja - The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has pledged to work closely with the ninth National Assembly to strengthen Nigeria’s electoral laws. Chairman of INEC, Prof. Mahmood Yakubu made the pledge at the issuance of Certificates of Return to elected members of the House of Representatives… In "Politics" The All Progressives Congress (APC) in the House of Representatives in Tuesday gained two more members following the defection of Hon. Aliyu Datti Yakwo (PDP, Kano) and Hon. Danjuma Usman (APGA, Taraba) to the APC. The letters of defection by the two lawmakers were read on the floor of the… In "Politics"