By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  The Senate has received a formal request from President Muhammadu Buhari for the confirmation of the newly appointed Chief of Defence Staff and Service Chiefs. The request which was contained in a letter dated 27th January, 2021, was read by the Senate President, Ahmad Lawan, during plenary on Tuesday. The letter reads: “In compliance with  the provisions of Section 18(1) of the Armed Forces Act. Cap A20 Laws the Federation of Nigeria 2004, I hereby forward for confirmation by the Senate, the appointment of the under listed officer as the Chief of Defence Staff and Services Chiefs of the Armed forces of the Federal Republic of Nigeria. This was contained in a statement signed by the Assistant (Press) to President of the Senate, Ezrel Tabiowo sent to Sundiata Post. The appointees for confirmation are: Maj. Gen. Lucky Eluonye Onyenuchea lrabor – Chief of Defence Staff; Maj. Gen. Ibrahim Attahiru – Chief of Army Staff; Rear Admiral Awwal Zubairu Gambo – Chief of Naval Staff; and Air Vice Marshal Isiaka O. Amao – Chief of Air staff. They are to replace the former Chief of Defence Staff, General Abayomi Olonisakin; Chief of Army Staff, Lt-Gen. Tukur Buratai; Chief of Naval Staff, Vice Admiral Ibok Ekwe Ibas; and Chiefnof Air Staff, Air Marshal Sadique Abubakar. Meanwhile, President Buhari in a separate request to the Upper Chamber, sought the confirmation of Barr. Victor Chinemerem Muruako as Chairman for the Fiscal Responsibility Commission. The request was contained in a letter dated 18th January, 2021 and also read during plenary by the Senate President. According to President Buhari, the confirmation request was made in accordance with provision of Section 5(3) of the Fiscal Responsibility Act, 2007. Abuja - The Senate on Tuesday announced the receipt of a letter from President Muhammadu Buhari, requesting the confirmation of Service Chiefs, recently appointed by him. President of the Senate, Bukola Saraki, read the letter at plenary as the Red Chamber resumed after five weeds recess. Saraki said that the… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - As a way of reducing herders-farmers clashes, governor of Kano State, Abdullahi Ganduje, says there should be a law banning the movement of cattle from the north to the south. Speaking with journalists after he and All Progressives Congress (APC) governors met with… In "Top Stories" Abuja - The Senate on Tuesday confirmed the appointment of service chiefs recently appointed by President Muhammadu Buhari. The service chiefs, who were confirmed after a four-and-half hour screening, were urged to tackle the problem of insecurity and oil theft, among others. In his remarks, the President of the Senate,… In "News"