The Federal government has revealed plans to begin oil exploration in the northeast.  Speaking during a recent interview on Channels Television’s Newsnight in Abuja, which aired on Monday, Minister of State for Petroleum Resources, Timipre Sylva said; “I have said it a few times that we have found oil in the northeast and we have started drilling activities in the Lake Chad Basin”. “I don’t know how the discovery of oil in the area will impact all the issues there but on our side, we believe that in a very short time, we will start production.” The Minister also lamented that the COVID-19 pandemic has changed the world’s narrative, including the oil and gas industry. He recalled that the recent meeting held by the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) in which Nigeria is a member was held virtually, noting that such meetings were not envisaged before the COVID-19 era. Sylva also reacted to the piracy, oil bunkering and illegal refining in the oil-producing region, saying such activities had reduced when compared to what was obtained in the past. “Pipeline vandalisation is less than it used to be. Before now, we had less than 50 per cent production, I can assure you that pipeline vandalisation is less than it used to be. If you compare what happens now with what obtains in the past, I think it is less now. “There is still a lot of piracy I understand, but the law enforcement agencies are dealing with it. We are looking at other ways of dealing with it and believe that in a very short time, we will be able to get the full handle on it,” he added.  Source From Left: Honourable Minister of State, Petroleum Resources, Chief Timipre Sylva, Group Managing Director of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, Mallam Mele Kyari at the presentation of medical equipment to the Kano State Governor, HE Abdullahi Ganduje  in Kano on Saturday KANO - Despite the supply chain constraints involved in simultaneous… In "News" The oil and gas sector is going to face a substantially reduced demand for a prolonged period as its recovery is not likely any time soon, the Federal Government said on Thursday. It also announced the resolve of the Nigerian government to continue meeting the gas supply demand of countries… In "Business" By Kingsley Okoye Abuja - Leadership of the National Assembly on Wednesday met with some ministers and heads of agencies of Federal Government to brainstorm on impact of COVID-19 pandemic on Nigerian economy. Ezrel Tabiowo, Special Assistant, Press to President of Senate, Ahmad Lawan in a statement, indicated that the… In "News"