Six hours after an AZMAN Air Boeing 737-500 experienced a burst tyre on landing at the Runway 18R/36L of the Murtala Muhammed International Airport Lagos, the Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN) has reopened the runway for normal flights.  The re-opening of the runway for flights was sequel to the removal of the aircraft, which blocked the runway after the landing incident. Regional Manager, South West FAAN, Mrs. Victoria Shin Aba, confirmed this to The Nation on phone. She said normal flights resumed at the airport in the wee hours of Wednesday February 17, 2021. An AZMAN Air aircraft had on Tuesday blocked the 18R/36L runway of the Lagos Airport after it had a burst tyre on landing. The Boeing 737-500 aircraft with registration 5N SYS and flight number ZQ2325 was grounded in the middle of the runway causing airlines to cancel flights. Aba said: ” The AZMAN Air has since midnight on Tuesday been removed from the runway. Normal flights have resumed. International flights have since resumed.”  Source PORT HARCOURT - An airline, Air Peace, on Saturday reportedly overshot the runway and skidded into the bush at the Port Harcourt International Airport, Omagwa in Rivers State. The incident, which was said to have happened about 4pm, caused panic among airport officials. It was gathered that no life was… In "Top Stories" By Taiye Agbaje Abuja - The House of Representatives, on Tuesday, advised relevant agencies in the aviation industry to step up effort in enforcing all safety standards as prescribed in the aviation industry guidelines. The resolution followed a motion by Rep. Chris Aazubogu (PDP-Anambra) at a plenary presided over by… In "News" By Adekunle Williams Ikeja - The Nigerian carrier, Air Peace, has called for more synergy between the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA) and the Accident Investigation Bureau (AIB) to enhance air safety in Nigeria. Capt. Victor Egonu, the Chief Pilot, Air Peace, made the call while speaking with newsmen on… In "News"