Following the racial profiling of the Fulanis in the country, the Nigeria Governors Forum has said that it is totally opposed to ethnic profiling of crimes.  Reacting to rising insecurity in parts of the country, Chairman of the Forum, Governor Kayode Fayemi averred that they do not believe that crimes are associated with any ethnic group. Fayemi said they will be providing financial support to victims of security crisis in affected states, as they commit to greater protection of the lives of citizens. He also revealed that they unanimously rejected the traditional approach to grazing, hence the urgent need to crystallise the national livestock transformation plan to stem the recurring farmers/ herders clash. He Said; “Governors are totally opposed to ethnic profiling of crimes. Knowing what has transpired in other parts of the world, we do not believe that crimes are associated with particular ethnic groups, and to that extent, we unreservedly condemn any attempt to profile any ethnic group on account of a particular crime.”  Source The Northern Elders Forum (NEF) has lamented alleged attacks on Fulani herders in some states in the South-East and the South-West, appealing to President Muhammdu Buhari, state governors and the police to intervene. NEF, in a statement by its Director, Publicity and Advocacy, Dr Hakeem Baba-Ahmed, cautioned against the profiling… In "News" THE Presidency triggered a needless controversy recently with its brash intrusion into the legitimate efforts by the Ondo State Government to secure the lives and property of residents. In an unseemly and swift reaction to an order by Governor Rotimi Akeredolu to cattle herders to vacate the state’s forest reserves… In "Opinion" ABUJA - Civil rights advocacy group, the Human Rights Writers Association of Nigeria (HURIWA), has petitioned the office of Chief of Army Staff, Lt Gen Tukur Yusuf Buratai, over serious allegations of sexual molestation of girls in Aba, Abia State, and the alleged use of brute force on civilians. The… In "News"