A man has cut off parts of his genitals in Benue State to curb his insatiable appetite for female flesh, The Nation learnt. Terhemen Anongo, popularly called Doc K or Bob Korna, said it was best to cast off what caused him to sin rather than end up in hell, as the bible enjoins. A resident of Gboko, the Tiv heartland, Anongo said it was increasingly difficult to resist immorality in a society of pervasive nudity. So he elected to emulate a certain ascetic monk who paid medics to surgically remove his genitals in order to focus better on his spiritual duties. Anongo pulled out of University of Ibadan medical school in his final year in 2007 owing to psychiatric reasons and has been living alone in his father’s house, having chased out all other relatives who he accused of being behind his plight. Gboko residents, however, see him as highly articulate, intelligent and well-behaved. Being jobless, Anongo transports traders’ articles in a wheelbarrow to make ends meet. He reads the bible and newspapers religiously. After work, though, he dresses like a Taliban to attract attention and preaches, it was said . But to put his sexual drive in check Anongo sought genital surgery from several professionals, all turning him down. Being something of a medic himself, he took matters into his own hands, acquired the required tools and medications and proceeded to perform the surgery. He snipped off the right testicle after dabbing the relevant parts with some local anaesthetics, and was determined to remove the left one as well when he was prevailed upon to stop due to excessive bleeding. He walked to a medical facility where he was treated and discharged after a few days on their bed. Asked whether he would remove the remaining testicle after recuperating, Doc K said, “No, I won’t try it again.” The Nation The authorities of Guma Local Government Area of Benue State on Tuesday imposed a curfew on the troubled Daudu community over allegation of missing genitals. Chairman of the local government, Hon. Caleb Abba said that the curfew will run from 8.00 pm to 6:00 am on a daily basis until… In "News" A barber has reportedly died while he was trying to rescue a pig that was drowning in a Benue community.  serious tragedy struck in the early hours of Thursday along Orshi Kur Street, Gboko East Local Government Area of Benue State during an early morning down pour when a young… In "Metro" By Emmanuel Antswen   Makurdi   -    The Police Command in Benue is interrogating the Divisional Police Officer in- charge of Gboko A Division over the Wednesday killing of seven persons. The Commissioner of Police in Benue, Mr Fatai Owoseni, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Makurdi on Friday… In "News"