According to a report by SaharaReporters, the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) has dismissed the claims that it expended the February stipends meant for corps members to pay off bandits.  It was rumoured that the money allocated for the February stipends has been used to settle bandits and will be paid to the corps members at the end of March. Many corps members have expressed fears over the unusual delay in the payment of their allowances. The development had come amid rising cases of abductions across the country. But in a statement on Sunday, NYSC asked members of the public to disregard such reports, describing it as “fake news”. The NYSC also urged corps members and the public to visit only platforms authorised by the body for updates about its activities. “The management of the National Youth Service Corps wishes to alert members of the public, especially Corps Members to the fake news currently trending, which states that corps members will be paid the February monthly stipend at the end of March 2021. “The fake information claimed that the fund appropriated for the stipend had been expended on the settlement of bandits. “Management enjoins all to disregard in its entirety the story which is the handiwork of mischief-makers. “Management admonishes the originators of this falsehood to refrain from such criminal acts. Corps Members are advised as always to only rely on the information on the NYSC platforms.”  source The National Youth Service Corps, NYSC, has denied increasing corps members monthly allowance from N19,800 to N31,800. The scheme tagged the reports making the rounds on social media that serving corps members will be paid N31,800 as monthly stipends, as fake news. A Deputy Director at the NYSC headquarters Abuja,… In "News" Authorities of the National Youth Service Corps, NYSC has debunked reports that the NYSC Director-General has launched a portal for payment of N75, 000 to Ex-NYSC corps members. This is not true and should not be taken with any seriousness. The NYSC authorities in message titled, “RE: NYSC DG LAUNCHES… In "Education" By Emmanuel Acha and Aminat Igiekhume   Enugu   -   Gov. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu State has pledged to complete the 500-bed female hostel at the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) orientation camp in the state during the 2018 fiscal year. Ugwuanyi, who made the pledge during the swearing-in ceremony of… In "News"