The convener of Civil Society Committee for Anambra Election Security (CISCAES), Comrade Kennedy Iyere has called on the Independent National Electoral Commission INEC and the Judiciary to examine critically the crisis of parallel primaries by the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Anambra State.  In a chat with reporters in Awka, the state capital yesterday, the Activist said the PDP candidate, Mr Valentine Ozigbo will overcome the problems associated with the primary. He said Ozigbo had the administrative acumen as well as the capabilities to replicate his transformational leadership skills in Anambra to grow the economy the way he did at Transcorp Plc. “The eyes of the Nigeria Civil Society and International Community, are on both the Judiciary and INEC, who are expected to stand for the truth by upholding the victory of Valentine Ozigbo in the PDP primary. “If the judiciary attempts to play a fast game on Val Ozigbo, it will be a colossal setback for democracy in Nigeria. “Such an unpatriotic move will attract a widespread revolt by the civil society, as part of the efforts to save Nigeria’s democracy. Ozigbo has got what it takes to make Anambra state the envy of other regions of the world,” Iyere said. He described him as someone who had the capacity to build bridges of peace across the Southeast and also one who could take South-East to the North, the South-West and the South-south. He blamed the PDP leadership for allowing those fighting the party to remain in the party, stating that the Party Leaders in PDP, ought to have removed them, long before the primary election, just the same way Adams Oshiomhole was removed by the APC leaders in Edo State. He maintained that only Ozigbo could guarantee victory for the Peoples Democratic Party in the forthcoming Anambra governorship election. “The judiciary should not act funny with Anambra election and if allowed, it will destroy the chances of the PDP and APGA. It then means, APC will produce the next governor and that will spell doom for not only Anambra but the entire Southeast states,” he said.  Source  •Valentine Ozigbo AWKA - Valentine Ozigbo, the immediate past President and Group CEO of Transcorp Plc, on Saturday, June 26, 2021, emerged as the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) candidate for the 6 November 2021 Anambra governorship election after winning the party’s primary held at the Prof Dora Akunyili Women Development… In "Politics" A former Governor of Anambra, Peter Obi, has congratulated Mr Valentine Ozigbo, winner of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) primary election, for the Nov. 6 poll in Anambra. Obi, who was also the Vice Presidential Candidate of the PDP in the 2019 general election, said this in a statement issued… In "Politics" The People’s Democratic Party (PDP) held parallel governorship primaries in two locations in Anambra state to elect its candidates One of the two factions, led by Sir Chukwudi Umeaba, elected Senator Ugochukwu Uba as its candidate for the November 6 governorship election The other faction backed by the National Working… In "Politics"