Three persons were at the weekend struck dead by lightening in Afikpo, Afikpo North local government area of Ebonyi state. It was gathered the incident occurred in Ngodo community during a downpour, which lasted for over five hours. The lightening struck around 3pm last Friday killing three persons in different locations in the area. A resident of Afikpo, Iheukwumere Okogwu Otu, said one of the deceased is an indigene of Cross River state who had been based in the area for years. He said: “Yes, it is true that lightening killed three persons in our place. There was a heavy rainfall that day which was accompanied by serious thunder. “The lightening killed the three persons at a spot and it occurred in two different places. It killed two in Ngodo community and another person in another place. “One of those that were killed is from Cross River state who settled in Afikpo.” He described the tragedy as unfortunate and first of its kind in the area. Another resident, Eze Christian Egwu told The Nation the heavy downpour started about 10am on the fateful day. He noted the rain was so heavy that residents couldn’t venture out. Egwu, the Youth President of Egeburu-Amaokwiri in the area, however stated only two persons died in the incident.  Source Two persons have been killed and five others abducted in Ekoli Edda Community, Afikpo South local government area of Ebonyi state The victims, according to the Police, were allegedlly attacked by gunmen from neighbouring Biase local government area of Cross River state. The two border communities have been having a… In "News" Two people were over the weekend killed and one injured by thunder strike at Pogo community in Paikoro local government area of Niger State. The victims, 25-year-old Aliyu Salihu and 13 year old student simply identified as Abbas died instantly when the thunder struck during a light rain at about… In "Metro" Fourteen bodies have been recovered from the Akaeze-Ukwu River in Ebonyi state; site of the deadly motor accident which occurred on Friday night. This followed the location and recovery of the bus by divers brought in from neighboring states to aid in the search and rescue of the victims. The… In "Metro"