According to a report by SaharaReporters, some security guards attached to the Dunamis International Gospel Centre (Glory Dome) located along Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport Road, Abuja have arrested six human rights activists for wearing #BuhariMustGo (Anti-President Muhammadu Buhari) T-Shirts to the church.  About ten activists went to the church on Sunday morning to worship at the church but some of them were surprisingly rounded up and arrested by the church security guards who later handed them over to the operatives of the Department of State Services (DSS). Six of the activists were whisked away in a Hilux van and two power bikes. The activists were manhandled and beaten by the DSS operatives on the church premises, who also seized their mobile phones. Paul Enenche is the Senior Pastor of the church. A source said, “Security men at Dunamis Gospel Church have arrested activists who wore #BuhariMustGo T-shirts to their church service: the church security later handed them over to DSS officials who are currently torturing them. “I thought Pastor Dr Paul Enenche was also preaching about justice! The six activists were driven away in a DSS Hilux van and two power bikes. Shame on the house of God! “About 10 activists decided to attend Dunamis church in their #BuhariMustGo T-shirts. The church asked all first-timers to come out for prayers. The patriotic citizens obeyed the clarion call from the altar with their fully displayed BuhariMustGo shirts. “They were immediately apprehended by the church security on their way out of the church and subsequently handed to the DSS. Kudos to the courageous activists for this creativity. I’m certain if the activists had worn a shirt with the inscription ‘Sai Buhari’, they would have ranked as Pastor Enenche’s new best friend.” Similarly, in April, violent youths descended on two middle-aged protesters– Larry Emmanuel and Anene Victor Udoka–who were pasting Buhari-Must-Go posters in Lokoja, the Kogi to State capital. SaharaReporters learnt that the irate mob flogged the two youths, filmed them, and brutalised them before they were later handed over to the police. It was gathered that the police thereafter quizzed the two protesters and detained them when they insisted on seeing their lawyer before making a statement. In some viral videos, the protesters were seen being molested and questioned by the mob before they were flogged as the youths forced them to clean their painting of “Buhari Must Go”. The court, last Thursday, resumed trial of the two activists after being granted bail after spending 78 days in detention.  Source •Dr Chido Onumah ABUJA – The Department of State Security (DSS) has said that it never arrested human rights activist, Dr Chido Onumah, who arrived Nigeria on Sunday but simply took him for an interaction.  Onumah, coordinator of African Centre for Media & Information Literacy (AFRICMIL), was arrested was at… In "Top Stories" The Convener of #Bringbackourgirls, Aisha Yusuf, has told the Department of State Security Services, DSS, and President Muhammadu Buhari that "we are all Biafrans". Yusuf was reacting over the arrest of a Nigerian Journalist, Mr. Chido Onumah by the department. Onumah, a Nigerian journalist and rights activist who was arrested… In "News" DETECTIVES on Sunday prevented the father of Rivers State Governor Nyesom Wike from holding service at his Christian Universal Church International. Hoodlums bombed the church on Saturday night. A source said officers of the anti-bomb squad discouraged the priest from using the building following fears that the explosion had compromised… In "News"