The Lagos State Governor Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu’s convoy on Monday arrested a gang of suspected criminals, who specialised in harassing motorists and road users in traffic.  This was made known in a statement by the governor’s Chief Press Secretary, Gbenga Akosile. The statement reads, ”The gang of suspected criminals met their waterloo Monday while attempting to unleash terror on a motorist around Ojota in-bound Alausa. “Help, however, came for the motorist as Governor Sanwo-Olu’s convoy approached the scene to rescue him from the three machete-wielding criminals who were at the time, trying to drag him out of his vehicle. “The security personnel attached to the governor swooped on the suspects, retrieved the weapons from them and arrested the three of them. “Sanwo-Olu reiterated his stance that Lagos would be no hiding place to criminal acts. “Governor Sanwo-Olu stated after his security personnel arrested the three machete-wielding criminals that the exercise was a warning signal to other criminal elements and prospective traffic robbers in Lagos that there is no hiding place for criminality in Lagos State,” the statement added.   By Yemi Adeleye Lagos - Some residents of Lagos State on Friday commended Gov. Babajide Sanwo-Olu  for his zeal as he assumed office, saying his first steps were progressive. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Sanwo-Olu was on Wednesday inaugurated as the governor of the state, taking over… In "News" Lagos State Governor, Mr. Babajide Sanwo-Olu on Monday issued a strong warning to those bent on attacking law enforcement agents. Harsh punishment, Sanwo-Olu vowed, awaits anyone who attacks men of the State’s law enforcement agencies in the line of duty. The Governor sent the warning on Monday at the residence… In "News" By Florence Onuegbu Lagos - The Lagos State Government has presented a cheque of N5 million to the family of late Moshood Ayeni, who was a Kick Against Indiscipline (KAI) official. Ayeni died in active service on Tuesday, May 23, 2017, after an unfortunate attack by illegal and defiant hawkers… In "Politics"