Abuja –  The Nation gathered yesterday that detectives were probing allegations that Kanu was on the payroll of some state governors in the Southeast and senators from the geo-political zone for the purpose of protecting them from attack by IPOB. Also being investigated for the same allegations are ex-governors, businessmen, politicians and groups. It was learnt that investigators were strong on clues of local funding of IPOB.It was gathered that most of the funds were secretly channeled to IPOB. The Federal Government on Thursday said preliminary investigation has led to the uncovering of Kanu’s collaborators. A top source, who spoke in confidence, said: “Detectives have stumbled on clues that certain individuals and groups have been paying protection fees to IPOB against attacks. “Some of these individuals had been overwhelmed with fears and they had to dole out funds to IPOB to show their loyalty. “Others who believe in IPOB’s cause have been surreptitiously providing funds to this illegal body to make the secessionist bid successful. “So far, there is appreciable evidence of local funding which investigators are tracing. Some bigwigs have been paying protection fees.” Responding to a question, the source added that detectives are looking at “clues on governors, ex-governors, businessmen, politicians and groups that have been allegedly paying cash secretly to IPOB against attacks.“We have not been able to verify any case but some governors had even offered to meet and negotiate with IPOB leaders. “A few others have been defending Kanu as if they have other interests than the unity and sovereignty of Nigeria. “Nigerians will soon be briefed on the findings of investigators.” There were also indications that the British High Commission in Nigeria may offer consular service to Kanu not only because he is a British citizen but because the penalty of the charges against him is death penalty. A source said: “The British High Commission is interested in the arrest of Kanu not only because he is a citizen of Britain but due to the nature of the case with death penalty. “Any case attracting the death penalty for its citizens, Britain does not joke with it. So far, the High Commission is ready to offer consular service. “As I am talking to you, the High Commission is yet to have access to Kanu. Source When the military and other security agencies raided Nnamdi Kanu’s home in Umuahia, Abia State on September 10, 2017, it cast doubt on the genuineness of the Federal Government’s intention to respect the bail granted him by Justice Binta Nyako of the Federal High Court in Abuja. The leader of… In "News" The outcome of the sit-at-home order by the proscribed Indigenous Peoples of Biafra IPOB in honor of souls lost during the Nigerian civil war is already in the public domain. Opinions are however, divided on factors responsible for the total shut-down of economic and social activities in zone that fateful… In "Opinion" President Muhammadu Buhari ​was said to have issued a matching order to the Nigeri​an military ​to weaken Nnamdi Kanu and his group, the Independent People of Biafra (IPOB) before he returns from the trip he is set to embark on Sunday. ​Buhari will attend the 72nd Session of the United… In "Top Stories"