Abuja –   No fewer than 30 suspects have been arrested by operatives of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission during a raid on Parktonian Hotel in the Lekki area of Lagos State. During the raid on Tuesday, the operatives were alleged to have gained entry into the occupants’ rooms by seizing the master cards from the management of the hotel at gunpoint. When the operatives gained entry into the rooms, it was learnt that some of the occupants were naked under the duvet as the operatives interrogated the occupants. One of the victims, while lamenting the invasion, told the Peoples Gazette, “I was naked, and I had to beg them (for me) to put something on. I am actually hypertensive, but I put myself together because I am not a criminal in any way.” An eyewitness told the Peoples Gazette, “They broke into the hotel and threatened to shoot the receptionists and management workers if they didn’t immediately release the master access card to them. So, the hotel workers had to comply immediately.” According to the newspaper, it was learnt that no fewer than 13 guests were whisked away by the EFCC operatives during the raid. During a telephone interview with a representative of the Parktonian Hotel, who simply identified himself as Christian, he told The PUNCH correspondent that he was not aware of the incident. He said, “I am not in the right place to talk to you; it is the manager that can talk to you. I just resumed this evening; I have been off for some days and I just resumed today. I don’t know what you are talking about.” However, when contacted, the spokesperson for the EFCC, Wilson Uwujaren, said the operatives acted on verified intelligence targeted at suspects at Parktonian Hotel, adding that 30 suspects were arrested during the raid. He said, “Operatives of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, acting on verified intelligence, carried out a sting operation targeted at cybercrime suspects at Parktonian Hotel in the Lekki area of Lagos State in the early hours of Tuesday. “During the exercise, 30 suspects were arrested. Of this number, 24 have been established to be involved in internet-related fraud. The operation was executed without incident as the facility had been under surveillance for weeks during which the commission was able to isolate the rooms where the suspects were lodged. “Access to the rooms was seamless as the commission has standard procedure for accessing such facilities without application of force or discomfort to guests. No guest of the hotel was molested. “But the commission observes a disturbing trend in which cybercrime suspects now employ kept ladies who feign nakedness as a decoy to distract operatives of the commission to enable them to destroy incriminating evidence before arrest.” Source   •Customs vehicle parked at the entrance of the hotel on Wednesday night ￼Eniola Akinkuotu and Adelani Adepegba ABUJA - Guests and staff members of Frasier Suites, Central Business District, Abuja were thrown into confusion on Wednesday night when men of the Nigeria Customs Service embarked on a raid of the… In "News" LAGOS - A businessman, Onyekachi Nwosu, has died while having sex with his lover, identified simply as Chima, in the Aguda area of Surulere, Lagos State. PUNCH Metro gathered that Nwosu and Chima visited the Alfredo Suites around 10pm for a short-time rest, but the 36-year-old man suddenly started gasping for… In "Metro" The Department of State Services, on Thursday, paraded 12 of Sunday Igboho’s followers, saying one other was being profiled. The DSS said a joint team of security operatives had raided Igboho’s residence early on Thursday based on an intelligence report. Parading the suspects at the national headquarters of the secret… In "News"