Udom Emmanuel, the Governor of Akwa Ibom, has ordered the instant reinstatement of Godwin Ekpo, a final-year Agricultural Engineering student of Akwa Ibom State University, Ikot Akpaden, according to SaharaReporters.  Ekpo was expelled in June for insulting Emmanuel on Facebook. The directive was revealed in a statement made by the Commissioner for Information and Strategy, Ini Ememobong, at the end of the State Executive Council meeting in Uyo. Ememobong said the council appraised the action of the university and directed it to recall the student immediately. “The executive council reviewed the AKSU expulsion case of Ekpo and directed the university to immediately recall the said student,” Ememobong said in the statement. He also stated that the governor urged council members to mobilise people to participate in the Enumeration Area Demarcation and Continuous Voter Registration Exercise. Mr Ememobong said the council also declared August 21 as the state’s ‘coconut day.’ He added that about 300,000 coconut seedlings would be planted to improve coconut production in readiness for the beginning of operation of the coconut oil refinery. The commissioner added that the council also said the government had pegged at 12 years maximum age for admission into secondary schools across the state to check the rise in cultism in secondary schools. “Investigation has revealed that the surge is caused mainly by over-aged students who are on a mission of mass recruitment of students into cult groups. “However, any student above this age with a genuine reason will have their parents sign an undertaking of good behaviour before their admission,” he said.\  Source By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja {Sundiata Post} - Deputy Governor of Akwa Ibom State, Pa Moses Ekpo, has reportedly resigned, according to a tweet by @APCNewspaper and ibom.com.ng Akwa Ibom deputy governor, Moses Ekpo   The resignation has not been confirmed officially by the PDP controlled Akwa Ibom State Government, but the… In "Top Stories" Uyo - The Akwa Ibom House of Assembly has confirmed eight commissioner nominees sent to the House for confirmation by Gov. Udom Emmanuel.Confirming the nominees at plenary on Thursday in Uyo, the Speaker of the House, Mr Aniekan Bassey, said that the nominees had earlier been screened by the House… In "Politics" A 500-level student of the Akwa Ibom State University, Ekpo Iniobong, has decided to sue the institution over his suspension and subsequent expulsion. PUNCH Metro gathered the final year student of the Department of Agricultural Engineering was first suspended by the management in September 2020 and then expelled via a… In "News"