Jacob Zuma, a former South African, president turned himself in to prison late Wednesday to begin serving a 15-month sentence for contempt of court, his foundation said, according to the Agence France Presse, AFP.  In a historic ruling, the Constitutional Court last week handed Zuma a 15-month term for snubbing anti-graft investigators. Police had earlier on Wednesday warned they were prepared to arrest the former president by a midnight deadline to enforce the ruling, unless the top court instructed otherwise, AFP reports. But Zuma decided to make his way to an unnamed prison in his home province of Kwa-Zulu Natal (KZN). “Please be advised that (ex) President Zuma has decided to comply with the incarceration order,” the foundation tweeted. “He is on his way to hand himself into a Correctional Services Facility in KZN,” it said, just minutes before the deadline expired. A convoy of cars believed to be carrying Zuma drove out of his homestead at high speed about 40 minutes before the cut-off time for him to give himself up. Zuma had mounted a last-ditch legal defence and refused to turn himself in by Sunday night as the court ordered. Under the ruling, police were given three days to arrest him if he failed to surrender. He had pleaded with the court for an 11th-hour reprieve. In an urgent request to the Constitutional Court late Wednesday, Zuma’s lawyers asked it to “direct the suspension of its orders… to prevent our client from being arrested prior to all legal processes being finalised”. Zuma’s first application to halt his arrest was heard on Tuesday but the judgement was reserved until Friday. Separately, he has pleaded with the Constitutional Court to reconsider and rescind its jail order. That challenge will be heard next Monday. Zuma, 79, was forced out of office in 2018 and replaced by Cyril Ramaphosa after a nine-year tenure stained by corruption scandals and the taint of cronyism. Critics nicknamed him the “Teflon president” for his perceived ability to sidestep justice. But his fortunes changed on June 29 when the court issued its damning judgement against him for contempt. Zuma had refused to obey a court order to appear before a commission probing the siphoning off of state assets under his presidency.  Source By Chris Akor In the run up to the African National Congress’ (ANC) presidential election December last year, then deputy president, Cyril Ramaphosa’s centred his campaign around two things: implementing market-friendly reforms and curbing corruption in government. True to his promise, just weeks after taking over power, Shaun Abrahams, head… In "Opinion" Johannesburg -  South Africa’s Constitutional Court ruled on Friday that parliament had failed to hold President Jacob Zuma to account over a scandal related to state-funded upgrades to his home. It said that the parliament must launch proceedings that could remove Zuma from office. The ruling is the latest judicial… In "Foreign" JOHANNESBURG   -   South Africans awoke to a nation without Jacob Zuma as president for the first time in nine years on Thursday, released from the burden of a compromised leader who darkened the dreams and aspirations of the post-apartheid “Rainbow Nation”. The road back to prosperity and self-respect will… In "Foreign"