The Atiku Media Office on Monday described an online portal set up in the name of former Vice President Atiku Abubakar,“ the Atiku Foundation Youth Empowerment Fund’’ as fake and a scam.  The office in a statement by his Media Adviser, Paul Ibe, on Monday in Abuja, said that the portal was set up by some unscrupulous elements with identity forgery of the former vice president and chieftain of the PDP. Ibe said that the objective of the criminals behind the scam was to defraud unsuspecting members of the public by advertising the identity of Abubakar as being associated with the fraud. “We warn supporters of Abubakar and the general public not to patronize any portal called Atiku Foundation for Youth Empowerment. “The portal is fake and certainly does not enjoy the authorization of Atiku. Indeed this scam was first introduced in 2019 by criminal elements. “We also warn the general public and supporters of the Waziri of Adamawa not to patronize any scheme in his name, which is not expressly advertised on the verified social media accounts of Atiku Abubakar.’’ Ibe called on law enforcement agencies to track and arrest the individuals behind the online crime and identity forgery and bring them to face the law.  (NAN) By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Alhaji Atiku Abubakar has  accused Vice President Yemi Osinbajo of distorting facts on issue of restructuring, stressing that the VP is  now forced to campaign on subterfuge for lack of achievement since assumption of office.… In "Top Stories" Former Vice-President Atiku Abubakar on Thursday debunked reports that he is going to share money to the poor as a result of coronavirus pandemic. This comes after a notice circulated on social media directing members of the public to a link. He said any such link asking for the bio-data… In "Politics" ...Says Eight-year Term Of Office Rewards Incompetence By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Former Vice President of Nigeria, Atiku Abubakar has described the rejection of the proposed six-year single tenure for President and governors by the House of Representatives as a costly mistake. Atiku who expressed disappointed by the… In "Top Stories"