By Chijioke Kingsley JOS – An aspirant in the just concluded All Progressive Congress (APC) chairmanship primary election, Mr. Gentle Gwamzhi, has lauded the Appeal Committee set up by the party to entertain complaints and allegations of malpractices levelled against the party hierarchy. Gwamzhi, who contested the primaries seeking to fly the party’s flag for Langtang North Local Government chairman, also said he believes that Governor Simon Lalong would do everything possible to ensure that the process is devoid of rancor. Speaking to Sundiata Post in a statement on Thursday after appearing before the committee, Gwamzhi reaffirmed that he still have confidence in the party and the Petition Committee led by one Mr. Kevin Kwaplong as Chairman. “I call on all other aspirants to remain calm and keep pushing the party’s interest within the right of all party members and aspirants. We believe that fairness and equity will prevail”, he said. Sundiata Post recalls that the APC in Plateau held it’s Chairmanship primary elections for Local Government on the 23th of June 2021. The election was marred with irregularities as alleged by most aspirants who took part in the election, saying that the conduct did not meet the criteria for free and fair elections. A top chieftain of the party, the Deputy Speaker of the Federal House of Representative, Hon. Ahmed Idris Wase, was accused by an aspirant, Mr. Yusufu Zakari of hijacking the process to favour a preferred candidate, one Ado Buba who eventually emerged winner of the polls in Wase LGA, our correspondent gathered. However, Gwamzhi said he has floated team of lawyers, Bar. Sunday Lugard Phd, and Bar. Jibrin Nanzing Bani, assolicitors for the Appeal Committee, hoping that justice will be served. By Chibuike Nwabuko   Abuja （ Sundiata Post）-  The All Progressives Congress (APC) on Wednesday appointed the Governor of Nasarawa State, H.E. Umaru Tanko Al-Makura to chair the Party’s five-member primary election committee to elect the Party’s flagbearer for the 2018 Ekiti governorship election.   The APC’s National Organising Secretary,… In "Top Stories" By Isaac Ukpoju   Lafia   -     Four hundred and forty-eight aspirants are jostling for APC tickets to contest chairmanship and councillorship seats in the May 26 local government elections in Nasarawa State, the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports. The primary elections, according to Mr Musa Dan-Azumi, Chairman, Aspirants Screening… In "Politics" Abuja -  The National Working Committee (NWC) of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has reaffirmed that Mr Godwin Obaseki remained the party’s candidate for the Sept. 10 governorship poll in Edo. This followed the NWC’s adoption of the report of the party’s Appeals Committee on the governorship primary election conducted… In "News"