Mrs. Kemi Adeosun, a former Minister of Finance said she has been vindicated by a Federal High Court in Abuja, The Nation reports.  She however admitted that she had traumatic spell on the certificate forgery allegation against her.  She said the judgement of Justice Taiwo Taiwo was not only a personal victory for her but for all Nigerians in the Diaspora. She said she will take further steps at the appropriate time to protect her reputation. Following allegation of presenting a forged National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) certificate to the Department of State Services (DSS) and the National Assembly for clearance, the ex-Minister on September 14, 2018 resigned her appointment But she engaged lawyers to fight her battle in a Federal High Court, Abuja. The court on Wednesday said the ex-Minister ought not to present herself for NYSC scheme in the first instance. Justice Taiwo Taiwo said NYSC certificate was not relevant to her appointment as a minister. He said her appointment was not illegal or not unconstitutional without NYSC certificate. Reacting to the judgment, the ex-Minister, in a statement in Abuja, said she has been vindicated. The statement reads: “My lawyers have informed me of the judgment by the Federal High Court, Abuja, in the case of Folakemi Adeosun v The Attorney General of the Federation (FHC/ABJ/CS/303/2021) in which the court, presided over by Honourable Justice Taiwo Taiwo, ruled that the Constitution does not require me to present my first-degree certificate or any other certificate, including the NYSC certificate, to be appointed a Minister. “More importantly, he also ruled that I was not eligible to perform NYSC by virtue of the constitution. This is the position I have always maintained and am happy for this official clarification. “The ruling vindicates me after a very traumatic spell. It is, however, not only a personal victory; it’s also a victory for many Nigerians in the Diaspora under similar conditions who are desirous to serve their country. “I wish to thank God, my family, friends, my counsel, Chief Wole Olanipekun (SAN) and numerous well-wishers for their love, care and concern throughout this difficult period, which has lasted three whole years. “I wish to add in the light of the court’s ruling, I will at the appropriate time and without hesitation, take all further steps necessary within the law to protect my reputation. I thank you all.”  Source A Federal High Court, Abuja, on Wednesday, cleared the former Minister of Finance, Mrs. Kemi Adeosun, of National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) certificate controversy, which resulted in her resignation in 2018.Justice Taiwo Taiwo, in his ruling on the originating summon with suit number: FHC/ABJ/CS/303/21 brought by Wole Olanipekun, SAN, on… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Former Finance Minister, Kemi Adeosun has shun call for her prosecution as she was seen jetting out of the country on saturday. Recall that the minister resigned on Friday after the finding of investigation over her forged National Youth Service Corps was made… In "News" A Federal High Court in Abuja says a candidate cannot be disqualified from an election for failure to participate in the National Youth Service Corps scheme. The court made this pronouncement on Wednesday when it struck out a suit brought against the Governor of Ogun State, Dapo Abiodun, by a… In "Politics"