The gruesome murder of Mr Ifeanyi Okeke, the Chief Executive Officer, AutoEase services in Enugu State has been confirmed by the Enugu state police command.  The victim, according to the spokesman of the Police in the State, ASP Daniel Ndukwe, was gunned down by yet to be identified persons on Sunday night while on his way to his house located at Brick Estate, by Ekweremadu Drive, Independence Layout Enugu. He was said to have been murdered in the presence of his 7-year-old son who he had gone to pick from a barbing salon. The source said the assailants hit his car from the back and that when he came out to find out who hit his car, he was marched to lie down on the floor, shot on the leg and stomach. DAILY POST learnt that he was rushed to a Hospital, where he was confirmed dead. Confirming the incident, the Police Public Relations Officer, Ndukwe said operatives attached to the Layout’s Police Division, immediately raced to the scene upon receipt of a distress call. He added that, “on sighting the Operatives, the criminal elements fled, while their victim, later identified as Ifeanyi Okeke, whom they shot severally, was rushed to the nearest hospital, where he was confirmed dead by Doctors on duty. “The Commissioner of Police, CP Mohammed Ndatsu Aliyu, psc, has ordered the State CID to launch a full-scale investigation and manhunt of the criminal elements in view of bringing them to book. “He calls on members of the public with useful information that will lead to the arrest of the criminals, to volunteer same at the nearest Police Station or by calling the Command’s emergency hotlines on: 08032003702, 08075390883, 08086671202 or 08098880172 They can also send e-mails to contact042ppro@gmail.com, please.”  Source ENUGU - In the early hours of Wednesday, unidentified gunmen attacked Adani Police Divisional headquarters in Uzo-Uwani Local Government Area of Enugu State. Mr Hassan Yahaya, the Commander, Nsukka Area Command, confirmed the incident to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) and said he was already in Adani to see… In "Metro" The Enugu State Police Command on Monday said it arrested a middle-aged man, Abba Kyari Mohammed, for assault and alleged rape of a 68-year-old woman in Umulungbe Community in the Udi Local Government Area of Enugu State. The suspected rapist, who hails from Jalingo, Taraba State, was said to have… In "Metro" Tragedy struck again on Sunday as Ex-Enugu High Court Judge, Justice Stanley Nnaji, was shot dead. Gunmen were seen in a trending video as they pulled him out of his Mercedes Benz (SUV) on the road and shot him thrice, leaving him dead. They thereafter jumped into the vehicle and… In "News"