 By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  Benue state is currently facing the worst humanitarian crisis in recent time with over 1.5 million IDPs, arising from ceaseless attacks on communities in the state by armed herdsmen, the state Governor, Samuel Ortom has said. This coming as an inmate in one of the Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) center in Benue State, Mr. Bemshima Peter has expressed sadness over the increasing numbers of IDPs which he said has overstretched government and life has become unbearable. Peter said he was dislodged from his community by insurgents known to be killer herders. “We don’t get help from anywhere, government is overstretched and we are dying of hunger, disease and our girls has resorted to prostitution to survive”, Peter told our correspondent on Friday. The inmate who spoke out of frustration said children are dying on almost daily basis and nobody cares. Aside losing many relations, the middle aged Peter, said he also lost his means of livelihood. Although grateful to God for sparing his life, he is pained that IDPs are abandoned to live like refugees in their own country. The story of the children in the camp is not different. Their education is not only truncated but their future bleak. No fewer than 176 of them were in primary school while 684 older ones were in secondary school, Governor Samuel Ortom had earlier stated in one of his broadcast. Ortom therefore called on the federal government to live up to its responsibilities by supporting the state to cater for the needs of the IDPs. Ortom had lamented that the Benue State government has been overwhelmed and unable to cope with the situation and urgently needed help to cater for the needs of the IDPs Also, in a chat with our correspondent, another internally displaced persons Mrs Erdoo Tersor a nursing Mother in one of the camps narrated their plight, listing the challenges to include lack of accommodation, security, toilet facilities and above all, health care. According to Tersor, six IDPs died in their camp recently because they had no access to health care facilities, while more than 25 women delivered their babies without any medical attention. Three of the babies reportedly died during delivery. Tersor said the IDPs would have a sense of belonging only when the federal government provides them with the necessary amenities. “As of now, I do not think we are Nigerians. We will become Nigerians when the government and other good people make us to feel like Nigerians”, she lamented. •Governor Ortom  No fewer than 17 persons have been reportedly killed by suspected armed herdsmen militia in a coordinated attack on Tse Ukor, Tse Gborigyo and Tse Uhembe communities all in Mbayer-Yandev Council Ward of Guma Local Government Area, LGA, of Benue State. The attack on the said communities which… In "Top Stories" Force Commander of the Military spike Operation codenamed Operation Whirl Stroke (OPWS), Maj. Gen. Adeyemi Yekini, on Tuesday, said that his troops are neither overwhelmed nor overstretched by the security challenges in the three states of their operation. Major General Yekini further stated that the OPWS started operation in Benue,… In "News" By Rachael Abujah, The recent communal clash involving famers and Fulani herdsmen in Benue with its attendant killings and destruction of property has raised concerns that leave much to be desired for urgent action to prevent recurrence. Statistics from the Benue State Emergency Management Agency (SEMA) indicates that no fewer… In "News"