By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  The Economic and Financial Crimes commission, (EFCC), has launched an App, Eagle Eye, designed to ease the process of reporting economic and financial crimes in Nigeria. Speaking during the launch, the Executive Chairman of the Commission, Abdulrasheed Bawa, described the App, being the first of its kind by any law enforcement agency in Nigeria, as a product of ingenuity by a staff of the Commission, being an application that was conceived, designed and developed by the EFCC. The EFCC disclosed this in a statement released via it’s Facebook page on Wednesday 14th July 2021. According to the EFCC chairman, the initiative is a clear demonstration of his pledge on assumption of office, to run an agency that is technology-driven. “The Eagle Eye represents a new experience in information sharing and crime reporting between the public and the EFCC”, he said. Apart from complementing the existing channels for reporting economic crimes, the unique advantage of this application, the EFCC Chairman further explained, is that it eliminates direct person-to-person interface in the reporting process and guarantees anonymity which is an added incentive to effective whistle blowing. While appealing to members of the public to take advantage of the App in bringing cases of corruption and economic crimes to the knowledge of the EFCC, Bawa said, “with the App, those who hitherto were afraid to report corruption cases to the Commission either for fear of being identified by the culprits or having their identities revealed, can now do so with the assurance of full anonymity”. He emphasized that the Eagle Eye App, will go a long way in aiding the reportage of fraudulent activities of individuals particularly in the case of Money Laundering through Real Estate. “With the Eagle Eye, Nigerians and Non Nigerians can easily take a picture of a property suspected to have been fraudulently or corruptly acquired and report through the App seamlessly”. He also said that as media practitioners, journalists occupy vantage positions not only in helping to bring the knowledge of the application to the public, but also making use of it and helping others to understand how it could be deployed to further the fight against economic crimes including corruption. “With the Eagle Eye, you have at your fingertips a device that will ultimately ensure that there is no hiding place for the corrupt in Nigeria”, he further explained. On how it works, the EFCC Chairman said, Eagle Eye is a user friendly application, with features that can be navigated by any literate person. The first step, he said, is to download it to device from either the Apple of Google play store. For those who want to key into the Whistle Blowing Policy of the Federal Government and obtain reward for reporting corruption, the EFCC Chairman said such persons should indicate in the information they are providing; just as he said that there are penalties clearly stipulated in the laws, for giving false information that could mislead the Commission. By Emmanuel Mogbede Abuja -  Mr Ibrahim Magu, the Acting Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), said on Tuesday that the cooperation of Nigerians was necessary to fight corruption in the country. He stated this in Abuja at a workshop on economic and financial crime reporting, organised… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC on Saturday, December 19, 2020 received an award from Interpol's National Central Bureau, NCB, for her contributions in combating crime and criminality in Nigeria. The Commissioner of Police in charge of NCB, Garba Baba Umar, in… In "Top Stories" By Uche Bibilari Abuja -   Mr Ibrahim Magu, the Acting Chairman, Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has called on government officials and political appointees to join the on-going anti-corruption fight of the Federal Government. Magu made the call on Monday at the induction programme for governing board members… In "News"