OWERRI – Senator Samuel Anyanwu on Saturday disclosed that Imo lawmakers of the All Progressives Congress (APC), have started negotiating to join the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, in the state. Anyanwu said this in Owerri while speaking concerning the future of PDP in 2023. The Senator said it was only the PDP that could accommodate everybody, adding that the defection of APC, members would be massive. He said: “If national and state Lawmakers are secretly negotiating for a come-back into PDP, those already in the party should see their membership as a privilege to remain loyal and dedicated to party rules. “There will be surprised exit of politicians from APC to PDP in the next few months, such massive crossover will mark the end of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) in Nigeria. I call on the PDP members to continue to remain firm to the party so as to guarantee their positions when the political tsunami of realignment will finally blow, loyalty to constituted party organs will be highly respected,” he said. (Vanguard)  By Talatu Maiwada   Owerri   -      State Commissioners for Health and other stakeholders on Thursday commended the efforts of National Health Insurance Scheme (NHIS) on the on-going forum organised on State Social Health Insurance Programmes. The stakeholders, who made the commendation in separate interviews with the News Agency of Nigeria… In "News" By Pamela Eboh AWKA - Members of the Anambra State House of Assembly have rejected the State Government’s proposal to offer lawmakers Toyota Prado Jeeps to the tune of N1 billion for the discharge of their oversight functions. According to the lawmakers, the money involved in the purchase of the… In "Top Stories" At the plenary in the Imo State House of Assembly today, Tuesday, eight PDP House members defected to the ruling party APC, thus enabling it to take control of the House.  They are: 1. Hon. Dominic Ezerioha Oru West State Constituency  2. Hon. Chigozie Nwaneri Oru East State Constituency  3. Hon.… In "Politics"