ABUJA – The Federal Inland Revenue Service has raked in over N650 billion in June 2021, the highest revenue realised in a single month since the COVID-19 pandemic started and the assumption of office of the current management.  Executive Chairman, Mr Muhammad Nami, disclosed this in a statement made available to the media in Abuja on Wednesday. Mr. Nami stated that “this feat was achieved as a result of the efficiency and effectiveness of the TaxProMax Solution, notwithstanding the challenges and resistance faced in the early stages of its adoption, and the downturn orchestrated by slow economic recovery”. Mr. Nami recalled that as part of its efforts at modernizing tax administration in the country, the FIRS recently introduced the Tax Administration Solution (TaxProMax) for ease of tax compliance. He had noted that the Solution “enables seamless registration, filing, payment of taxes and automatic credit of withholding tax as well as other credits to the Taxpayer’s accounts, among other features. It also provides a single-view to Taxpayers for all transactions with the Service” The TaxProMax platform, which took off on 7th June 2021, is a channel for filing Naira-denominated tax returns in the country. The TaxProMax platform is accessible at www.taxpromax.firs.gov.ng. Mr Nami reminded taxpayers of the one-off one-month extension granted earlier this month for the filing of Company Income Tax returns by taxpayers with December 31, 2020 accounting year-end whose statutory tax returns were due not later than 30th June 2021. He urged them to take advantage of the extension as it “provides an opportunity to all taxpayers whose company Income Tax returns were due in June 2021 to file up to the 31st July 2021” ABUJA - As part of its efforts at modernising tax administration in the country, the Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS), has introduced a new Tax Administration Solution (TaxPro-Max) for ease of tax compliance.   A public notice signed by the Executive Chairman, FIRS, Mr Muhammad Nami, disclosed that “TaxPro-Max enables seamless… In "News" ABUJA (Special Release) - The Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS) has further extended the closing date of its waiver of penalty and interest window on tax debts owned by individuals and businesses from June 30, 2020 to August 31st, 2020. Executive Chairman, FIRS, Mr. Muhammad Nami, disclosed this latest extension in… In "Business" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - Despite the national and global economic upheaval caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, the Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS) has continued to record significant increase in collectable tax revenue from the non-oil sector of the economy. Executive Chairman, FIRS, Mr. Muhammad Nami, disclosed this on Tuesday in… In "News"