Abuja –  Simon Ekpa who took over broadcast in Radio Biafra from his master, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, leader of the outlawed Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB has prayed for wisdom to carry out the affairs of the secession group as Kanu remains in the custody of the Department of State Services, DSS. DAILY POST had reported that following the rearrest and detention of the Biafra freedom fighter by the Nigerian Government, Ekpa who is a dual citizen of both Nigeria and Finland, was appointed to be in charge of the secession group pending Kanu’s freedom. Epka during his first broadcast on Radio Biafra said he prayed to God and the spirit of Biafra for “one thousand men’s wisdom” to enable him pilot the affairs of the group. In the video he shared on his official Twitter page, the socio-political activist urged members to work and pray for him to continue the movement from where Kanu stopped. “I am not a perfect person but with your understanding, I will always by the grace of Elohim, pass the message that is needed to our people. “I may not know it all but with you on my side, I will use Radio Biafra to pass the message that will pierce the heart of every politician in Southern Nigeria. “With your prayers, we will definitely change the narratives of yesterday. “When our leader, Nnamdi Kanu is out of the detention, he would be proud of what you and I must have done. “On this day of this broadcast, I pray to Elohim, the spirit of Biafra to give me one thousand men wisdom to break every chain of enemies within”. Daily Post. •Sunday Igboho and Nnamdi Kanu Satguru Maharaj ji, the founder of One Love Family has said that popular Yoruba freedom fighter, Sunday Adeyemo, better known as Sunday Igboho cannot be compared in any way to the leader of the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Nnamdi Kanu. Guru Maharaj Ji… In "News" Ade Adesomoju and Gbenro Adeoye The Federal Government may ask the Federal High Court in Abuja to revoke the bail granted to the leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, Mr. Nnamdi Kanu, on grounds of alleged breach of the conditions of the bail granted him in April, Saturday PUNCH… In "Top Stories" 50 Years On: Nigeria's Biafra Secessionist Movement In "Features"