The senate has been commended by a former Senator Ben Murray-Bruce of Bayelsa State.  This comes after the senate rejected the confirmation of Lauretta Onochie, an aide of President Muhammadu Buhari, for appointment as National Commissioner representing Delta State, at the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC).  Recall that Onochie’s nomination was rejected by the Senate for reasons bordering on potential violation of the Federal Character Principle. The Upper house while confirming Prof. Muhammad Sani Kallah, (Katsina), Prof. Kunle Ajayi (Ekiti), Saidu Ahmad (Jigawa), Dr Baba Bila (North-East) and Prof. Abdullahi Zuru (North-West) said it was against the Federal Character Principle to have two persons from the same state as INEC National Commissioner. Committee Chairman, Kabiru Gaya cited the presence of Mrs May Agbamuche Mbu from Delta, as a National Commissioner of INEC, as reason for her rejection. However, Murray-Bruce who had earlier kicked against Onochie’s nomination, on Twitter wrote, ”I commend my colleagues in the 9th @NGRSenate for doing the right thing with the rejection of the nomination of a known APC member into INEC.”This is very commendable.”  Source  By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate on Tuesday confirmed the appointment of five nominees as Commissioners of the Independent National Electoral Commission. This was just as it rejected the nomination of Lauretta Onochie (Delta) and stepped down that of Prof. Sani Muhammad Adam (North Central) for further… In "Top Stories" The Senate on Tuesday said the nomination of Lauretta Onochie, an aide to the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), was rejected because of her partisanship and breach of federal character principle. Onochie’s nomination had attracted condemnation from a large section of Nigerians who argue that she is too partisan… In "Politics" A coalition of civil society organisations (CSOs) has asked the National Assembly to reject the nomination of Lauretta Onochie as a national commissioner for the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) because she is a British citizen. The coalition noted that Ms Onochie’s citizenship will undermine national interest and potentially threaten… In "Politics"