Professor John Ibu, the father-inlaw of Pastor Paul Enenche, founder of Dunamis International Gospel Centre has been arraigned by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission for alleged N24.6 million fraud.  Becky Eneche was formerly known as Rebecca Inyangbe Ibu before marriage. On June 28, the EFCC announced that its Makurdi Zonal Office arraigned Dr Paul Enenche’s father-in-law, Professor John Ibu, alongside one Chief Abukenchi Suleiman and his company, ADB Motors Venters Nigeria Limited before Justice Abdu Dogo of the Federal High Court sitting in Makurdi, Benue State. They were arraigned on charges of conspiracy and obtaining N24, 650,000 (twenty-four million, six hundred and fifty thousand Naira only) by false pretences. The EFCC alleged that the duo obtained the said sum from the Benue State University Teaching Hospital under the guise of purchasing a Toyota Landcruiser Prado 2018 Model which was never bought. Count one of the charge reads: “That you, Professor John Ibu, being the Board Chairman, Benue State University Teaching Hospital, you Chief Abukenchi Suleiman, being the Managing Director ADB Motors Ventures Nigeria Ltd and you, ADB Motors Ventures Nigeria Ltd sometime in July 2019 within the jurisdiction of this Honourable Court, with intent to defraud conspired amongst yourselves and obtained the sum of N24,650,000 (Twenty Four Million Six Hundred and Fifty Thousand Naira only) from the Benue State University Teaching Hospital Board for the purchase of a Toyota Landcruiser Prado 2018 Model under false pretences that you have the capacity to supply which pretence you knew was false and thereby committed an offence contrary to Section 8(a) of the Advance Fee Fraud and Other Fraud Related Offences Act, 2006 and punishable under section 1(3) of the same Act.” Count two reads: “That you, Professor John Ibu, being the Board Chairman, Benue State University Teaching Hospital sometime in July 2019 within the jurisdiction of this Honourable Court, did use your position to confer an unfair advantage to yourself by collecting a bribe, to the tune of N10, 900,000 (Ten Million Nine Hundred Thousand Naira only), from one Chief Abukenchi Suleiman of ADB Motors Ventures Nig. Ltd, on behalf of Atirogo & Sons Enterprises, paid into Access Bank account Number 0049185884, a company you’re the Managing Director and thereby committed an offence, contrary to Section 19 of the Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Act 2000 and punishable under the same Act.” The defendants pleaded “not guilty” to the charges preferred against them. Based on their pleas, prosecution counsel, George Chia-Yakua asked for a trial date and that the defendants be remanded in a correctional facility. However, counsel for Professor John Ibu, S. O. Vekuwu, moved a motion for the bail of his client on self-recognizance. He informed the court that his client had been on administrative bail offered by the EFCC.  Source By Emmanuel Antswen Makurdi - The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Makurdi zonal office, on Tuesday, arraigned a former Vice Chancellor of University of Agriculture, Makurdi, Prof. Emmanuel Kucha, over alleged N70 million fraud. Kucha is facing a four-count charge of conspiracy, misappropriation of public funds, abuse of office… In "News" ABEOKUTA - A 73-year-old man, Mubasiru Abiola, on Monday appeared before an Abeokuta Magistrates' Court for alleged fraud for selling one acre of land to two persons. The accused is facing a two-count charge of fraud and stealing. The Prosecutor, Insp. Augustine Ozimini, told the court that the accused committed… In "News" The Permanent Secretary of Oyo State Ministry of Agriculture, Mr Rasaq Kawole was on Wednesday arraigned before Justice Aderonke Aderemi of the Oyo State High Court on a one-count charge of obtaining money under false pretence. Kolawole was arraigned by the Ibadan zonal office of the Economic and Financial Crimes… In "News"