Nigeria’s Minister of Information, Lai Mohammed has said the leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, Nnamdi Kanu will get a fair trial.  Mohammed spoke while addressing newsmen in Lagos. He however refused to give more details on how Kanu was arrested. He said: “Kanu, who is facing an 11-count charge of treason,treasonable felony, terrorism and illegal possession of firearms, among others, jumped bail in 2017 and left the country. On Tuesday, Kanu was re-arraigned in court and ordered to be remanded in the custody of the DSS, while the case was adjourned till July 26-27, 2021.” “Gentlemen, the Federal Government wishes to commend the Nigerian security and intelligence agencies, who collaborated to re-arrest the proscribed IPOB leader in one of the most classic operations of its type in the world. We commend the professionalism, diligence, patriotism and painstaking efforts of our security and intelligence agencies. We also thank the sister international agencies that collaborated with us to pull off this arrest.” “It will interest Nigerians to know that for over two years, our security and intelligence agencies were on the trail of the proscribed IPOB leader as he lived a five-star life across several countries, travelling on chartered private jets, living in luxury apartments and turning out in designing clothes and shoes. Of course, as we all saw, he was wearing an attire made by Fendi, a luxury Italian fashion brand, when he was arrested.” “We can tell you that the forensic investigation carried out so far has revealed a treasure trove of information on the proscribed IPOB leader and his collaborators. While the investigation continues, we assure you that none of the collaborators, irrespective of their standing in the society, will be spared. They will all face the full wrath of the law for their activities that challenge our nation’ssovereignty and threaten its unity. No one, no matter how highly placed, is bigger than the country.” “It is interesting that many are suddenly calling for a fair trial for Kanu as if he didn’t get one before he decided to jump bail and flee. However, I can assure you that the fair deal that Kanu denied many of the victims of the violence which he willfully instigated through his broadcasts and tweets will not be denied him.” “Finally, there have been speculations on how this re-arrest was pulled off and in which country the hitherto fugitive leader of the proscribed IPOB was nabbed. What we can tell you, once again, is that the re-arrest was made possible by the diligent efforts of our security and intelligence agencies, in collaboration with countries with which we have obligations. We continue to respect and honour the obligations.”  Source Nigeria’s South-East secessionist group, the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, is alleging once again that the Government has perfected plans to assassinate its leader, Nnamdi Kanu, with the use of Boko Haram suspects, in Kuje Prison. The group, said the initial plan by government security agents to kill its leader… In "Top Stories" The leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, Nnamdi Kanu, was apprehended by the International Criminal Police while seeking foreign support for the actualisation of the Republic of Biafra. The PUNCH gathered that Kanu, who holds Nigerian and British passports, was arrested by security operatives outside his London base on… In "News" •Nnamdi Kanu  ABUJA - The British High Commission has spoken on the arrest of Nnamdi Kanu, leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB). Dean Hurlock, a spokesperson of the British High Commission, told TheCable that while they can confirm Kanu’s arrest, he was not picked up in the UK… In "Top Stories"