Kano State Government on Tuesday says it will soon commence construction of feeder roads in some rural communities to reduce the problem of transportation under its Karkara Salamualaikum initiative. The State Commissioner for Rural and Community Development, Dr Musa Iliyasu-Kwankwaso, disclosed this in a statement by the Information Officer of the ministry, Mr Lawan Hamisu-Danhassan, in Kano on Tuesday. According to the commissioner, introduction of the initiative by the state government was aimed at improving the living standard of people living in the rural areas. “Government has number of projects to accomplish for the betterment of its people, but there is need for various associations to join hands with the state government in the development of the state,” he said. Iliyasu-Kwankwaso noted that funds for the construction of feeder roads in rural areas has been set aside. He added that the state government had supplied working tools through the Ministry of Environment to make the state clean and healthier. The commissioner commended the various associations in the state for their efforts in ensuring development of their areas through communal efforts and urged them to maintain the tempo. (NAN) Kano - The Kano State Government is to spend N14 billion for the provision of potable water and construction of rural feeder roads in 2016, an official has said. The Commissioner for Water Resources and Rural Development, Alhaji Usman Riruwe, made the plan known in Kano on Tuesday soon after… In "News" Kano - The Kano State Government has allocated more than N14 billion for the provision of potable water and feeder roads in its proposed 2016 budget. The State Commissioner of Water Resources and Rural Development, Alhaji Usman Riruwe, announced this to newsmen on Tuesday in Kano. Riruwe spoke to newsmen… In "News" By Chinwe Ugwu It is often said that actions speak louder than words. While some leaders prefer to talk, others tend to work silently and be noticed by what they do rather than what they preach. Yet there are those who will never trade off their integrity and patriotic zeal,… In "Opinion"