According to a report by SaharaReporters, air strikes from fighter jets targeting bandits have claimed the lives of a woman and her four children in the Sububu area in Zamfara State.  Multiple sources told Daily Trust that the aircraft belonging to the Nigerian Air Force was targeting bandits at the expansive Sububu Forest located between Shinkafi and Maradun Local Governments when the unfortunate incident happened. Sububu Forest is one of the major hideouts of bandits in Zamfara. From the forest, they launch attacks on travelers on Sokoto-Gusau Road as well as villages in Sokoto and Zamfara States. Sources said the aerial missions were conducted around 2pm on Monday. In phone interviews, four different persons confirmed that the fighter jets missed their targets by dropping the bombs on the Sububu village, rather than the bandits’ enclave in the forest. “The bombs killed a woman and her four children. Two of the kids, a boy and a girl, were teenagers. One elderly woman was also wounded in the attacks,” a Sububu resident told Daily Trust. He said a new Friday mosque built by a bandits’ kingpin, Halilu Sububu, was also destroyed during the attacks. The source said nobody was trapped in the mosque because the attack happened after worshippers had observed the afternoon prayers. The NAF Director of Public Relations and Information, Air Commodore Gabriel Gabkwet, stated that he was not able to confirm the incident yet. He said, “I just got off the phone with Alhaji Mohammad Ibrahim, the Director of Security, Ministry of Internal Security, Zamfara State who confirmed the happiness of the state government over the precise nature of the strike by NAF jet. “Till now, the remnants of the bandits are evacuating and departing from the Sububu Forest general area. Now, the strike was in Sububu Forest and not anywhere close to any village. I find it hard to believe except if those accidentally killed were residing in the forest.”  Source •NAF Fighter pilot prepares for action At least 120 armed bandits were eliminated in multiple airstrikes executed by the Nigerian Airforce (NAF) fighter jets at Sububu Forest in Zamfara State, PRNigeria learnt. The airstrikes were executed, on Monday, after some locals alerted security personnel on the arrival and movements of… In "Top Stories" By Doris Esa   Abuja -   The Nigerian Air Force says the Air Task Force (ATF) of Operation Diran Mikiya has neutralised bandits in Sububu Forest, Birnin Magaji and Rugu Forest in Zamfara. Air Commodore Ibikunle Daramola, NAF Director of Public Relations and Information, disclosed this in a statement… In "News" By Sumaila Ogbaje Abuja - The Military says the Air Component of Operation Hadarin Daji has neutralised some notable leaders and several members of the criminal group in air strikes in the Zamfara State section of the Kagara Forest. The Coordinator, Defence Media Operations, Maj.-Gen. John Enenche, disclosed this in… In "News"