 Dr Emem Omokaro, the Director-General, National Senior Citizens Centre (NSCC), says plans are ongoing to create a model for Primary Healthcare centres to provide effective health services to senior citizens across Nigeria. Omokaro, who disclosed this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), on Wednesday in Abuja, said NSCC also had the mandate to provide healthcare services to senior citizens across the country. “Health is also a mandate of the ministry of health and its agencies. However, we will work with Social Development Goals Office, National Social Safety Net Coordinating Office, among others to achieve the goal of providing healthcare services to the elderly. “Since there are existing structures like primary healthcare centres, we can ride on the wings of Social Development Goals, to ensure effective provisions of quality health care services to the senior citizens. “Our focus is to ensure that the primary health care centres deal with genetic assessment of issues and treatments. “So, if before now they were glorified centres, by our mission, focus, passion and compassion, we are coming in to create some models that would change the narrative. “We may not be able to cover the 774 Local Government Areas (LGAs) in the country. So, we are going to deal with some models that will ensure provision of quality healthcare services everywhere,” Omokaro said. According to her, the NSCC will not only equip the Primary Healthcare Centres, but will also build human capacity, as well as ensure the re-orientation of LGAs. “We will ensure that corps members in the medical areas are posted to the facilities and their wellbeing and welfare are prioritised to encourage them give in their best in the provision of effective healthcare services to senior citizens. “In furtherance of this, we will work with LGAs to change their orientation towards care for the elderly. “Many youths will get employment because we are reactivating the primary healthcare centres and we are going to build senior citizens centres there too. “We are also going to enhance the capacity of older persons to enable them continue farming activities or any productive venture of their choice,” she said. The NSCC D-G therefore, said there was a National Technical Working Committee that would draw out a five -year strategic plan on the mandate of the centre. “This will facilitate the actualisation of our plans and intentions for socio-economy and healthcare of senior citizens across the country.’’ (NAN) Abuja  -  The Dave Omokaro Foundation (DOF), an NGO, has called on the Federal Government to initiate an old age grant policy, especially for the vulnerable and extremely poor among the aged. The Executive Director of the Foundation, Dr Emem Omokaro, made the call at an event in Abuja on… In "News" Abuja  -  The Executive Director, Dave Omokaro Foundation, an NGO, Dr Emem Omokaro, on Tuesday stressed the need to build family support systems to cater for the elderly as their population was increasing. Omokaro told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja that building a family support system would… In "News" By Emmanuel Mogbede Abuja -   The Minister of Health, Prof. Isaac Adewole, has said that the Federal Government is committed to achieving the World Health Organisation (WHO) 2016-2020 road map targets and goals of the Global Strategy and Action Plan on Health and Ageing. Adewole gave the assurance at… In "Health"