 The Federal Executive Council has approved N16 Billion for erosion control in 12 States and the Federal Capital Territory, Abuja. The Special Adviser to the President on Media and Publicity, Femi Adesina, made this known when he briefed State House correspondents on the outcome of the Council meeting, chaired by President Muhammadu Buhari in Abuja on Wednesday. The presidential aide listed the benefitting States to include Abia, Imo,Ogun, Osun, Cross River, Adamawa, Gombe, Taraba, Jigawa, Katsina, Kwara, Niger and the Federal Capital Territory, Abuja. Adesina said: “The Ecological Fund projects for the 3rd and 4th quarters of last year were approved. They are soil and pollution control intervention projects “These are the projects that were approved; erosion flood control, bridge reconstruction and road improvement at Umonyi-Nkpa communities of Bende Local Government Area of Abia and Gully erosion control works at Umukoro lower Okata community in Ihite Ogoma Local Government Area of Imo. “Imaluomi erosion control project phase II, Ogun State; afforestation combating land degradation road improvement measures in Osun State and erosion control at Calabar Free Trade Zone in Cross River. “Erosion and Road improvement works at Yelwa Private School and Police Station Road, Yola, Adamawa; ecological problems at Federal College of Education (Technical) Gombe; flood and erosion menace affecting community and environs in Lau Local Government Area phase II in Taraba. “Others are erosion and flood control at Birnin Kudu-Kafingana, Tsamiya Local Government in Jigawa; flood erosion control works from Kano road to main water channel in Daura, Katsina State, phase II; Asa river erosion and flood control project at Ilorin in Kwara. “Erosion flood control and environmental degradation at Agai and Lapai communities in Niger State and finally, soil erosion, river channelization and slope protection within Maitama District, phase III FCT, in Abuja.” (NAN) By Ismaila Chafe Abuja -  The Federal Executive Council (FEC) on Wednesday approved N348.5 billion for the expansion of the Akwanga-Jos-Bauchi-Gombe road into dual-carriage way that would link Nasarawa, Plateau, Bauchi, and Gombe states. The Minister of Power, Works and Housing, Babatunde Fashola, made this known in Abuja, when he… In "News" By Ismaila Chafe Abuja -   The Federal Executive Council (FEC) presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari has approved N5.567 billion for the 3rd Quarter Soil Erosion Control Accelerated Intervention in six states. The Special Adviser to the President on Media and Publicity, Mr Femi Adesina, disclosed this when he… In "News" By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - The Federal Executive Council on Thursday approved N4.6billion for the construction of seven model schools to be located in the six geo-political zones of the  country. The Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohmmed, made this known when he briefed State House correspondents at… In "News"