Not less than 22 political parties besieged the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) headquarters in Abuja on Friday to submit names and particulars of candidates for the November 6 Anambra governorship election.  The parties, which were part of the 74 parties deregistered by INEC last year, insisted they must be on the ballot papers. They claimed to have obtained a declarative judgment by the Appeal Court quashing their deregistration by the Commission. The Commission however rejected their request, insisting they remained deregistered. The Nation reports the parties on March 18 submitted letters of notice for governorship primaries for the Anambra poll. But the Commission, in a reaction, said it would only recognise and deal with 18 parties for the election pending the Supreme Court judgment regarding its powers to deregister parties. Speaking on behalf of the parties, National Chairman of United Patriots (UP), Barr. Chukwudi Ezeobika, said the commission refused to accept the nomination forms of candidates who emerged from primaries they conducted. He added the commission denied the parties access code with which nomination forms are to be submitted online. Read Also: INEC fixes Lere Constituency bye-election for August 14According to him: “The decision by INEC to wrongfully exclude them Parties from the Anambra State governorship election will void the entire process and render the outcome of the Governorship election void as INEC has wilfully chosen to undermine the integrity of our Courts. “By refusing to relist these 22 political parties to participate in the scheduled election as Ordered by the Court of Appeal in APPEAL NO. CA/ABJ/CV/507/2020, ACD & 21 ors AND Attorney General Federation & INEC and for refusing these Parties access to contest in the November 6, 2021 Governorship election, INEC has once again shown that it has no regards for the Rule of Law in Nigeria. This behavior is unacceptable as it portends a grave danger to our democracy. “In view of the foregoing, the concerned political parties shall take all necessary legal steps to ensure that their rights, as guaranteed under the Law, are fully protected.” The affected parties are: the Advanced Congress of Democrats (ACD); Advanced Nigeria Democratic Party (ANDP); All Blending Party (ABP); All Grand Alliance Party (AGAP); Alliance of Social Democrats, (ASD); Change Advocacy Party (CAP); Democratic People’s Congress (DPC) and Green Party of Nigeria (GPN). Others are: Peoples Coalition Party (PCP); Progressive Peoples Alliance (PPA); People for Democratic Change (PDC); Young Democratic Party (YDP); Re-Build Nigeria Party (RBNP); Save Nigeria Congress (SNC); Socialist Party of Nigeria, (SPN); United Democratic Party (UDP); United Patriots (UP) and We The People of Nigeria (WTP).  Source The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) on Thursday tacitly endorsed 22 deregistered political parties to conduct primaries for the November 6 Anambra State governorship election. The National Chairman of People for Democratic Change (PDC), Barr Igwe Benjamin, who led the National Chairmen of the 22 political parties to the headquarters… In "Politics" By Emmanuel Oloniruha Abuja - The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) said it would approach the Supreme Court over conflicting judgements by the Court of Appeal on recently deregistered political parties. The commission disclosed this in a statement issued by, Mr Festus Okoye,INEC National Commissioner and Chairman, Information and Voter… In "News" The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has revealed the next step it will take after the court of appeal voided its deregisteration of 22 political parties. INEC said it will proceed to the supreme court for a final judgement on whether it has the powers to deregister political parties. Though… In "News"