 The Federal Government is to site the newly approved Federal University of Technology Jigawa, in Babura town, Babura Local Government Area of the state, a statement by Alhaji Habibu Kila, the Special Adviser on Media and Public Relations to Gov. Muhammad Badaru has said. Kila said on Wednesday, in Dutse, that the approval was conveyed in a letter sent to the governor by the Minister of Education, Malam Adamu Adamu. He explained that the minister had requested for the provision of at least two alternate sites within Babura, with a minimum land area of 100 hectares and adequately linked to essential infrastructure, such as access road, national power grid and proximity to source of water. The aide said: “President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the establishment of Federal University of Technology at Babura, in Jigawa State. “In a letter sent to Gov. Badaru, which was signed by the the minister, has requested for the provision of at least two alternate sites within Babura with a minimum land area of one 100 hectares. “And also adequately linked to essential infrastructure, such as access road, national power grid and proximity to source of water.’’ According to him, a technical team, comprising officials from the Federal Ministry of Education, National Universities Commission and other stakeholders, would visit the state for on-the-spot assessment and consultation with relevant stakeholders to facilitate speedy implementation of the university. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) recalls that on June 21, the minister of education had told newsmen in Abuja that the Federal Government would be establishing two additional universities of technology in Jigawa and Akwa Ibom states. (NAN) By Muhammad Nasir Bashir Dutse,  -   Alhaji Magaji Ahmad, the Comptroller, Nigeria Prisons Service (NPS), Jigawa Command, has commended the state government for renovating a satellite prison in Babura Local Government Area of the state. Ahmad made the commendation on Wednesday when he paid a courtesy visit to the Secretary… In "News" By Abdullahi Mohammed Dutse - The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) in Jigawa says it has taken delivery of all sensitive and necessary materials for Saturday’s bye-election for Babura/Garki Federal Constituency in the state. Dr Mahmoud Isa, the state Resident Electoral Commissioner, made the disclosure to newsmen shortly after dispatching… In "News" By Nabilu Balarabe Guri (Jigawa)  -   Alhaji Isa Adamu, the Lamido of Zugobia in Guri Local Government Area of Jigawa has appealed to the state and Federal Government to collaborate in disarming nomadic herdsmen allegedly unleashing terror in the area. Adamu made the plea in Guri at a stakeholders’… In "News"