By Augustine Okezie, Katsina Abuja –   Parents whose children are attending basic education schools in Katsina are expected to save N41m daily or N820m monthly from the homegrown school feeding program introduced by the Federal Government under the National Social Intervention Programme (NSIP). Special Adviser to Governor Bello Masari on Social interventions, Alhaji Abdulkadir Nasir, stated this at the Government House Katsina during the inauguration of the committee for the enumeration of primary school pupils in classes 1 to 3 for the homegrown school feeding programme. He said the programme, which is designed for 834,000 pupils in the state, has 10667 food vendors deployed to cook plus 2 aggregators. He further maintained that the programme is expected to cover 2,777 schools in the state. Governor Masari commended President Muhammadu Buhari for having impacted positively and ensuring social parity amongst the poorest of the poor Nigerians. He further noted the Buhari’s administration has ensured social inclusiveness and a stable social security network through NSIP and other policies Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Hajia Saadiya Umar Farouk said four unique clusters were integrated to provide maximum impact in the implementation of the NSIP. Hajia Farouk, who was represented by a Deputy Director in the Ministry, Bala Mohammed, further described the National Home-Grown School Feeding Program, NHGSFP, as a broad-based intervention to drive school enrollment, boost the nutrition of the pupils, support local production of food and encourage employment and income generation. Nation By Shehu Danjuma Katsina -   The Federal Government says no fewer than 876,000 primary pupils of public schools in the state will benefit from its free feeding programme in Katsina State. Launching the programme on Tuesday in Katsina Gov. Aminu Masari said the programme had multiplier effects as it… In "News" Abuja  -     Vice President Yemi Osinbajo said on Monday that one of the reasons the Buhari administration’s Homegrown School Feeding Programme was conceived was to address problems of malnutrition, especially among primary school pupils. Osinbajo stated this while receiving a delegation of Nigerian human nutritionists led by the Deputy Governor… In "News" By Muhammad Nur Tijani Kano - Kano State Government says it is spending N350 million every month on its School Feeding Programme to incorporate Pupils from Primary 4-6 across the state. The State Governor Dr. Abdullahi Ganduje disclosed this on Monday at the inauguration of the programme held at Child… In "News"