By Abdullahi Shugaba KATSINA – Miss Amina Abdullahi, a 15-year-old Senior Secondary student of Gobarau Academy, Katsina, has been awarded automatic scholarship by Gov. Aminu Masari for her exceptional talent in art paintings. Miss Amina bagged the scholarship during a public exhibition attended by Masari in Katsina on Saturday. The governor pledged that the state would be responsible for the young talent’s tertiary education in addition to offsetting her WAEC, NECO and JAMB fees. Masari noted that such talents needed to be encouraged to achieve her dream and contribute her quota to the development of the society. ”Talents like this promote creativity and self reliance, she need to be encouraged to achieve her full potential,” he added. Masari hailed the organisers for their efforts in discovering future talents that would develop the state and the country at large In his remark, the chairman of Katsina Talent Hunt, Architect Faisal Jafar, thanked the governor for his support for future generation. He noted that his team was working hard to ensure that youth with exceptional talent in Katsina State were supported to achieve their dreams (NAN) Ikere (Ekiti)   -   The management of College of Education, Ikere-Ekiti, Ekiti, on Wednesday approved the establishment of 11 new academic programmes for the institution. Mr Temitope Akinbisoye, Public Relations Officer (PRO) of the college, ‎disclosed this in a statement made available to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN)… In "News" WAEC conducts several international and national examinations in all member countries except Nigeria where it has shed all but one of its examinations, The West African Senior School Certificate Examination (WASSCE) for school candidates in May/June and private candidates in November/December. Find below WAEC Syllabus 2017 May June SSCE AGRICULTURAL… In "Education" Get WAEC Past Questions and Answers FREE online (all subjects) on WAEC e-Learning portal. WAEC candidates who are preparing for the May/June Examination need the WAEC Timetable and Past Questions and Answers to prepare. On this portal, you cannot download the questions and answers, you can only use online. WAEC e-Learning… In "Education"