LAGOS – Commercial activities were disrupted at popular vehicle parts market, Ladipo Market and sporadic gunshots rang out from the market. Three person said to have been killed and many others  injured when traders and men in military uniform clashed at the Ladipo area of Oshodi, Lagos State. But the spokesman for Nigerian Air Force, Air Commodore Edward Gabkwet, denied the claim, saying only one person died, during the clash. Witnesses said during the clash which led to pandemonium and stampede, it was learnt that a Toyota Hilux vehicle was set ablaze. Gabkwet told journalists that, “Firstly, NAF personnel did not kill anyone. Moreover, it was one person that died not three. The information we have at the moment is that the NAF operatives who are attached to OPs MESA received a distress call that a soldier was having an issue with a debtor. “So, they moved in to restore peace but as soon as some of the traders saw them, they started attacking them. They threw stones at them and destroyed the windscreen of the patrol vehicle. They attacked a soldier and seized his pistol. So, the Army soldier who was having issues with a debtor trader managed to retrieve the seized pistol and fired a shot in order to free himself and the operatives from the crowd. It was that gunshot that killed one of the traders. “Two of our operatives sustained injuries. The information we have at the moment is that our men acted professionally and were only in the market to ensure peace giving the economic importance of the market to Lagos state and our country as a whole,” Gabkwet said. (Daily Sun) Lagos -  No fewer than 40 lock-up shops with different auto spare parts worth millions of naira were, on Wednesday morning, destroyed by early morning fire at the Ladipo Auto-Market in Mushin, Lagos State. The Director, Lagos State Fire Service, Mr Rasak Fadipe, who confirmed this to the News Agency… In "News" Violence that rocked #EndSARS protests across the country worsened on Tuesday with 43  protesters and six policemen losing their lives.   Protesters calling for the disbanding of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad of the Nigeria Police have been carrying out peaceful demonstrations across the country since October 8.   However,… In "Top Stories" The death of the officers increased the number of military personnel, who died in crashes involving NAF aircraft, to 33 in six years. Also, during the period, the Nigerian military lost 11 aircraft to crashes. On February 21, a Beechcraft KingAir B350i aircraft crashed while returning to the Nnamdi Azikiwe… In "News"