 The new Commander, Nigerian Army Ordnance Corps, Maj.-Gen. Ayobami Ibikunle, on Thursday called for team spirit among his officers for the continuous progress of the Corps. Ibikunle made this call on his assumption of office as the new Commander of Nigerian Army Ordnance Corps, Abalti Barracks, Lagos. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Ibikunle took over from Maj.-Gen. Adamu Dauda. “I thank the Chief of Army Staff (COAS), Lt.-Gen. Farouk Yahaya, for giving me this opportunity to serve in a higher capacity as the commander of the Nigerian Army Ordnance Corps. “I thank the outgone commander for receiving me well and giving me a brief on the Nigerian Army Ordnance Corps. “I will listen to his advice and work with thesame team he worked with to be able to achieve the vision of the Nigerian Army Ordnance Corps,” he said. The commander said that there were many able and willing senior officers that could command the corps but the almighty God decided to favour him for the position as commander. “Therefore, I appeal to everybody to work together as a team to realise the COAS vision for the Nigerian Army. “I urge us all to see to it that everything that we do depicts selfless service and brings glory to the country,” he said. Maj.-Gen. Ibikunle thanked Maj.-Gen. Dauda for everything he did for the ordnance corps in his short period at the helm of affairs at the Nigerian Army Ordnance Corps. “When I entered the ordnance corps premises today, I saw that there has been a lot of development and improvement in the corps compared to the the last time I visited. “We will not disappoint our predecessors and we will ensure to work toward achieving greater heights for the corps so that when we leave, we will leave our marks behind,” he said. The commander appealed to everybody to work with him and solicited the same support they gave the immediate past commander. He said that a team was only as strong as its weakest link. He, therefore, charged everybody to be at the helm of affairs at their department and formation units. “Do not think that I know it all. My door is always open for any advice that you wish to render to me for the betterment of the corps. “I will also depend on the advice of some of the retired senior officers and those of them that are still serving for guidance. “The ordnance belongs to all of us and we will work together to continue to add value to the corps,” Maj.-Gen. Ibikunle said. Maj.-Gen. Dauda said that he had no doubt in the capabilities of Maj.-Gen. Ibikunle in taking the ordnance to greater heights based on his records of achievements and disposition. He urged officers of the corps to provide unflinching support to the new commander and support him as much as they did to him for the betterment of the corps. “I sincerely thank all the officers, both senior and junior alike, for providing necessary support in the discharge of my responsibility. “We all have to work to sustain the befitting headquarters that we have achieved, sustainability is key so that we can look back and say we have done a lot,” he said. The outgone commander said that he would be currently proceeding on a one-year management course at the Nigerian Army Resort Centre. “Within this period, I will keep my doors open and keep on interacting with the new commander where suggestions are needed to further improve the Corps. “I pray that God grants Maj.-Gen. Ibikunle the wisdom and the ability to exceed what had been achieved in the Ordnance Corps so far,” Maj.-Gen. Dauda said. (NAN) ABUJA - The Nigerian Army has released the postings and appointments of its officers. Colonel Sagir Musa, Acting Director Army Public Relations ,who disclosed this in a press release Tuesday, said the new posting which was approved by the Chief of Army Staff Lt Gen TY Buratai is a routine… In "Metro" Army Redeploys Irabor, Theatre Commander, 146 Others In "News" By Ruona Isikeh Benin -  The Chief of Army Staff, Lt.-Gen. Tukur Burutai, has commended the Combat Service Support Corps of the Nigerian Army for its sacrifice and commitment in counter-terrorism operations. Represented by the Commander, Training and Doctrine Command, Maj. Gen Ademoh Salihu, Buratai made the commendation in a… In "News"