A proposal for Nigeria to return to regional system of government has been submitted by South West Governors Forum.  The governors also want states to be scrapped. According to the governors, the six states in the geographical zone converted into federating units.  This proposal was contained in a document presented to members of the national assembly from the zone by the governors as part of the review of the 1999 constitution. The document was dated July 5, 2021, with the title, ‘Proposals for the Review of the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria 1999 (As Amended): Presentation by South-West Governors’ Forum’. According to TheCable. In the document, the governors asked that sections 3(1) and (3) of the Constitution be amended. That is the section of the constitution that states that there shall be 36 states in Nigeria. But the governors are demanding a return to northern, western, and eastern regions. “We propose that Section 3(1) be amended as a federation consisting of six geopolitical zones constituted from the states. The federating units or regions are divided into the following geopolitical zones: North-West Zone, North-Eastern Zone, Middle – Belt Zone, South-East Zone, South-South Zone, South-West Zone and the Federal Capital Territory,” the proposal reads. “Section 3(6) be amended to provide for a number of local governments or such autonomous administrative units to be created by the respective federating units or states, the criteria of which shall include population, taxable capacity, ethnoreligious or other cultural and social affinities.” “Section 7 of the constitution be amended to include an additional (sub)section prohibiting the dissolution of elected local government councils. “This will be in compliance with the Supreme Court decisions in ALGON v. Oyo State Government; AG Plateau State & Others v. Goyol & Others; Governor, Ekiti State v. Olubunmi & Others.”  Source •Ondo State Governor Rotimi Akeredolu, Chairman, South-West Governors Forum ABUJA - Governors in the South-West geopolitical zone have proposed conversion of the present six geopolitical zones into federating units, as part of the ongoing review of the 1999 Constitution by the National Assembly. The South West Governors’ Forum, in a… In "Top Stories" Sitting Presidents will no longer enjoy immunity in criminal matters if the alteration being proposed to the 1999 Constitution by the Senate sails through, The Nation learnt on Thursday. Also to lose immunity is the Vice President, Governors and their deputies in the impending alteration. This followed the second reading… In "News" By Teddy Nwanunobi, Abuja Following allegations of financial mismanagement, misapplication and misappropriation of funds, diversion of local government funds, contract splitting and criminal mismanagement of the UBEC counterpart fund, the Ekiti State House Of Assembly (EKHA), on Tuesday, issued a warrant of arrest against the Minister Of Mines And Steel… In "Top Stories"