Governors elected on the platform of the All Progressives Congress have described the party as the new face of Nigeria’s democracy.  They said the APC which has attracted like minds from the opposition has over the last few years developed into an institution where the dreams and aspirations of Nigerians can be realised. This was contained in a statement titled, “The Progressive Reinforcement Continues…Welcoming Hon. Bello Muhammad Matawalle to APC, signed by the Chairman of the Progressives Governors Forum, Abubakar Bagudu, in Abuja. He said, “APC represents the future of Nigerian democracy, which is all about negotiations, consultations and winning agreements. “Processes of negotiations and consultations will continue to serve as the basis of engagement with all leaders, members and by extension all Nigerians in line with provisions of our party’s constitution and the 1999 Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria as amended. “The guiding philosophy as enshrined in the provisions of our manifesto will produce landmark agreements that would facilitate economic, social and political development of Nigeria.” Bagudu, who is also the Governor of Kebbi State, specially welcomed his Zamfara State counterpart, Bello Matawalle, who dumped the Peoples Democratic Party to join the APC. He said, “We welcome Hon. Matawalle for taking the courageous decision of leaving the Peoples’ Democratic Party (PDP) to join the All Progressives Congress. “The movement of Hon. Matawalle to the APC demonstrates his principles, commitment and conviction to the development of Nigeria. Hon. Matawalle is only coming home where he belongs. “APC is indeed the party that will provide him and his people, and indeed all Nigerians the viable platform for political aspirations and negotiations. “Together with Hon. Matawalle and all our leaders in the APC, our party’s capacity to serve the collective interests of all Nigerians through effective representation will be strengthened and reinforced.”   Source By Emmanuel Mogbede Abuja, - All Progressives Congress (APC) says it is not opposed to its members in the National Assembly consulting with members of the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) with regards to leadership of the 9th Assembly. A statement by its National Publicity Secretary, Malam Lanre Issa-Onilu, said… In "News" By Max Amuchie ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - As predicted by political observers going by developments in recent times, former Vice President Atiku Abubakar has resigned from the ruling All Peoples Congress (APC) with immediate effect. In a statement personally signed by him and sent to Sundiata Post on Friday morning… In "Local News" Weak Governance, Law Enforcement Threat To Nationhood - PGF In "Top Stories"