Pay television service provider, Multichoice, on Thursday, reacted to the report that the Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS) has appointed some commercial banks to recover the sum of N1.8 trillion from MultiChoice Nigeria Limited and MultiChoice Africa, saying it was yet to receive any notification to that effect from FIRS. Multichoice is the parent company of DSTv and GOTV. There were reports on Thursday that the FIRS, in a statement signed by the Executive Chairman of the FIRS, Muhammad Nami, confirmed the appointment and outlined the reasons for the decision as the group’s continued refusal to grant FIRS access to its servers for audit, the companies’ persistent breach of agreements and undertakings with the Service, under-remittance of taxes, among other things. However, reacting to the report on Thursday afternoon, Multichoice said in a statement that though the organisation has not received any notification from FIRS, but added that it respects and is comfortable that it complies with the tax laws of Nigeria. According to the statement: “We have read the media reports and the statements made by the Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS). MultiChoice Nigeria has not received any notification from FIRS. MultiChoice Nigeria respects and is comfortable that it complies with the tax laws of Nigeria. “We have been and are currently in discussion with FIRS regarding their concerns and believe that we will be able to resolve the matter amicably,” the statement continued. (Nigerian Tribune) ABUJA - The Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS) has appointed some commercial banks as agents to recover the sum of N1.8 trillion from accounts of Messrs MultiChoice Nigeria Limited (MCN) And MultiChoice Africa (MCA). This was contained in a statement signed by the Executive Chairman, Muhammad Nami, on Thursday. The… In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - In view of the continuing and increasing complaints that consumers are unsuccessful in renewing subscription in compliance with the order of the court, even after service of the order upon Multichoice, the Consumer Protection Council has set up a special channel for receiving complaints for this… In "Business" A judge, Nnamdi Dimgba, in Abuja has rejected an appeal by Multichoice Nigeria against an interim order prohibiting any increase in its DStv or GOtv subscription rates. Multichoice Nigeria had on August 24 filed an appeal against the order of the Federal High Court, Abuja stopping it from increasing the… In "News"