 ABUJA – The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has called on Nigerians and its global supporters to disregard as fake news the statement and audio notes making the rounds that Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike, and the senator representing Anambra South in the Senate, Ifeanyi Uba, were among those who facilitated the alleged ‘abduction’ of its leader, Nnamdi Kanu.The group, however, said a probe that would reveal those involved in Kanu’s ‘abduction’ had begun.According to the group, the statement, which was maliciously credited to its Directorate of Media and Publicity, was being peddled by agents of confusion, stressing that at the moment, nothing had indicted Wike and Uba in Kanu’s repatriation to Nigeria.The secessionist group said in a statement signed by its Director of Media and Publicity, Emma Powerful, it had no evidence to link Wike and Uba to the “unlawful” arrest of its leader and called on its supporters to ignore the politics behind the statement.The statement read in part, “The attention of the global movement of the Indigenous People of Biafra, ably led by our great leader, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, has been drawn to the false and malicious press statement and audio being circulated and purported to have been issued by our Media and Publicity Secretary, Emma Powerful. In the said statement, Powerful was quoted as accusing Senator Ifeanyi Uba and Governor Nyesom Wike of colluding with the enemies and facilitating the betrayal and abduction of our leader, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, in Kenya.“We, therefore, wish to dissociate ourselves from the fake statement being peddled by agents of confusion. Our publicity secretary never at any time linked Senator Ifeanyi Uba or Governor Wike with the wicked betrayal of our leader, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu. If they were involved in the dirty deal, our investigations into the matter will reveal it. But for now, we have no evidence to link them with the atrocity. IPOB does not act based on speculation or rumour. Our assertions are evidence-based and products of credible intelligence.”  The leadership of Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council Worldwide says that the group would hold the leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Mazi Nnamdi Kanu and the Governor of Rivers State, His Excellency, Nyemson Wike responsible for what it described as “Genocide and Ethnic Cleansing in Obigbo, Rivers State.… In "News" Former -  Abia State Governor Orji Uzor Kalu was under attack yesterday for his revelation of Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) leader Nnamdi Kanu’s whereabouts. Kanu has not been seen or heard from since last month’s  fracas between his supporters and troops near his Afaraukwu home in Umuahia, the Abia… In "Top Stories" •Nnamdi Kanu ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The Alaigbo Development Foundation (ADF) has said the arrest of IPOB leader, Nnamdi Kanu won't dampen the Igbo yearning for freedom.The group also called on Igbo lawyers to rise to the challenge of defending Nnamdi Kanu and all other Igbo youths languishing in various… In "Top Stories"