 A Non-Governmental Organisation, Association of Positive People living with HIV/Aids in Nigeria( APIN) has admonished positive patients to avoid ‘self stigmatisation’ . Mr Aaron Sunday, the National Coordinator of the Association,told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Friday in Kaduna that some people living positive were in the habit of stigmatising themselves, thereby making things difficult. “Self-stigmatisation happens when a person takes in the negative ideas and stereotypes about people living with HIV and start to apply them to himself or herself. “HIV internalised stigmatisation leads to feelings of shame, fear of disclosure, isolation, and despair; self-stigmatisation has over time hindered the progress in the fight against HIV/AIDS.,” he said. According to him, self-stigmatisation affects lives of people with HIV/AIDS and thwarts prevention efforts, adding that the most striking implications of HIV self-stigmatisation include reluctance to seek treatment/care, and unwillingness to disclose HIV status. He encouraged them to come out of self-stigmatisation by engaging in social activities and joining a support group where they could express their views. “l urged you all not to allow self-stigmatisation weigh you down;HIV does not kill; it is people who kill themselves when they allow depression to come through them,” he said. (NAN) BAUCHI - The Network of People Living with HIV/AIDS in Nigeria (NEPLWHAN) has urged the Bauchi state House of Assembly to pass anti-discrimination and stigmatisation bill into law. The state Chairman of the association, Malam Usman Zico, made the call on Thursday in an interview [pro_ad_display_adzone id="10"]with the News Agency… In "News" By Vivian Emoni Abuja -  Dr Chales Imogie, an Anti-Retroviral Therapy Clinician with Anglican Hospital, Kubwa, FCT, has advised Nigerians against stigmatising people living with HIV/AIDS to improve the management of the disease. Imogie gave the advice in Abuja on Wednesday in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria… In "Health" Abuja  -  Dr Sylvia Adebayo, Country Director of Population Council (PC), on Thursday in Abuja, urged people living with HIV and AIDs (PLWHA), to claim their rights in schools and work places. Adebayo made the call against the backdrop of increasing stigmatisation of PLWHA – a development which had seen… In "Health"