 As Eid-el-Kabir festival approaches, an Islamic cleric, Alhaji Ibrahim Yakubu has admonished Muslims against borrowing to buy rams for the celebration. Yakubu gave the warning on Wednesday in Benin while speaking with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN). The cleric said the advice became necessary due to the high cost of rams this year. According to him, Allah exempts from the spiritual duty any Muslim who cannot afford to buy ram for the sacrifice. “Allah does not impose on us whatever that is beyond our ability and means. “Killing of rams for sacrifice during the festival attracts no punishment if one is unable to fulfill it,” he said. He added that approaching financial institutions for loan, which would attract interest, in the name of the festivity, was forbidden in Islam. The cleric also urged Muslim faithful to celebrate the festival in tune with the current economic reality in the country. He noted that since there were many of this festival to be celebrated, there was never a need for one to overstretch his capacity if Allah had not provided. (NAN) By AbdulFatai Beki Ilorin -  The Chief Imam Imale of Ilorin, Kwara, Alhaji Abdullahi AbdulHameed, has cautioned Muslim faithful against taking loan or borrowing money to buy rams for the forthcoming Eid-el-Kabir festival. AbdulHameed gave the advice in llorin on Friday during an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria… In "News" ILORIN - Prof. Abdulganiyu Oladosu, the Chief Imam of University of Ilorin, has charged Muslims to observe the Eid-el-Kabir festival as a moment for sober reflection and not as carnival. Oladosu gave the charge on Friday at a sermon delivered during the Jum’at prayer at the university’s Central Mosque in… In "News" By David Adeoye Ibadan - Gov. Seyi Makinde of Oyo State, has felicitated with the Muslim faithful in the state and across the world, on the occasion of the Eid-el-Kabir celebration. Makinde, in a Sallah message on Thursday in Ibadan by Mr Taiwo Adisa, his Chief Press Secretary, admonished Muslims… In "News"