 A Federal High Court in Ibadan has sentenced a 46-year-old cocaine dealer, Taofiki Oyediran, and three others to a total of 17 months in prison over unlawful dealing in hard drugs. The names of the three other convicts are: Azeez Tijani, 20; Wale Joseph, 35 and Abdulahi Oladokun, 25. In four separate judgments, Justice Patricia Ajoku said that she convicted and sentenced each of the four men, based on the evidence before her. The judge noted that the convicts could still contribute positively to the society, if given minimum punishments. “This sentence is in consideration of the prayer of the defence counsel that the court should temper justice with mercy with his clients. “Therefore, Oyediran is sentenced to five months in prison, while each of Tijani, Joseph and Oladokun is sentenced to four months in prison. “The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) is ordered to destroy the hard drugs found in possession of the convicts,” Ajoku said. The Defence Counsel, Mr Musbau Olapade, had pleaded with the court to show mercy on his clients, adding that they were first time offenders and that they had learnt bitter lessons. Earlier, Counsel to the NDLEA in Oyo State, Mr Raphael Himinkaiye, had told the court that each of the convicts was arraigned on a-count charge, bordering on unlawful dealing in narcotics. Himinkaiye added that Oyediran, Tijani, Joseph and Oladokun were separately arrested in January, February and March at different locations in Oyo State. He said that NDLEA operatives caught Oyediran in possession of 2.29kg of cocaine, Tijani with 2.1kg of Indian hemp, Joseph with 1.9kg of cannabis and Oladokun with 500gm of marijuana. He further said that the offence was contrary to and punishable under Section 11(C) of NDLEA Act, Cap. n30, Laws of the Federation, 2004. (NAN) By Sylvester Thompson   Abuja   -     The Federal High Court on Monday in Abuja sentenced a 28-year-old man, Musa Idris, to six months in prison for trafficking cocaine, a hard drug. The convict had pleaded guilty on Oct.10, 2016 to the amended charge of trafficking 22.4 grammes of cocaine, contrary… In "Metro" By Olawale Akinremi Ibadan - Justice Nathaniel Ayo-Emmanuel  of the Federal High Court, Ibadan, on Friday  sentenced two drug dealers– Suleiman Mustafa and Wasiu Gafar– to  seven years imprisonment  for trafficking in 601.1 kg of Indian hemp. In two separate judgments, Ayo-Emmanuel held that he convicted  Mustafa and Gafar based… In "Metro" Ibadan - Justice Nathaniel Ayo-Emmanuel of the Federal High Court, Ibadan, on Tuesday sentenced two men, Dauda Popoola and Akeem Emiola, to 36 months imprisonment for trafficking in 10kg of Indian Hemp. Ayo-Emmanuel, in two separate judgments, held that the suspects were convicted based on the evidence before him and their plea… In "News"