Nigeria’s Attorney General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami has replied a message from Kelechi Madu, the Minister of Justice and Solicitor-General of the Government of Alberta, Canada.  Madu had attacked Malami over the manner Nnamdi Kanu, leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra was arrested and extradited to Nigeria, calling the AGF a disgrace. “He has shown himself to be a bigot who does not understand what it means to live in a pluralistic society governed by the dictates of the rule of law”, Madu’s statement read. In a rejoinder on Wednesday, Malami called the Candaian state official ignoramus and eccentric, adding that his views are weird to the legal profession. The AGF said it is unfortunate that Madu faulted the internationally recognized manner through which Nnamdi Kanu who jumped bail was re-arrested and brought back to face trial. “It was abundantly clear that bench warrant was lawfully and judiciously procured through judicial process by a competent court of law, whose bail condition Nnamdi Kanu breached with impunity. “There was no illegality in the entire process and the question of illegality does not even arise. It is a common principle of the law that he who comes to equity must come with clean hands.” Malami said Kanu has enjoyed representation by counsel of his choice and was never denied a right of choice of counsel or recourse to one, even when he symbolizes a proscribed association (IPOB). “Where was the so-called Madu when Nnamdi Kanu was inciting violence against the country? Why, as a lawyer, would Madu support a fugitive who jumped bail and accused of terrorism and treasonable felony? What stopped Madu from voicing out dissent on the atrocities of Kanu and their group? “It is important to educate the likes of Keleche Madu that both Nigeria (his country of birth) and Canada (where he claims to be practicing law) are signatories to the Multinational Treaty Agreement where, among others, fugitive fleeing justice in nations with similar agreement could be brought back to face justice. “It is a pity that as a Solicitor General of a province, Madu failed to keep himself acquainted with the provisions of general laws of the country where he stays as well as international laws. “We wish to draw the attention of Madu to the provisions of Consolidated Act Criminal Code under the Canadian Law R.S., C 1985, c. C-46:1-2 on Treason and other Offences vis: “46(1) Every one commits high treason who, in Canada: (a) Kills or attempts to kill Her Majesty or does her any bodily harm tending to death or destruction, maims or wounds her, or imprisons or restrains her, (b) Levels war against Canada or does any act thereto; or (C) Assist an enemy at war with Canada or any armed forces against whom Canadian Forces are engaged in hostilities, whether or not a state of war exists between Canada and the country whose forces they are. 46(2) Every one commits treason who, in Canada (a) Use force or violence for the purpose of overthrowing the government of Canada or a province; (b) Without lawful authority, communicates or makes available to an agent of a state other than Canada, military or scientific information or any sketch, plan, model, article, note or document of a military or scientific character that he knows or ought to know may be used by that state for a purpose prejudicial to the safety of defence of Canada; (c) Conspires with any person to commit high treason or do anything mentioned in paragraph; (d ) Forms an intention to do anything that is high treason or that is mentioned in paragraph; (e) Conspires with any person to do anything mentioned in paragraph (b) or forms an intention to do anything mentioned in paragraph (b) and manifests intention by and overt act.” Malami further derided Madu, saying “empty vessel makes loudest noise. “We advise the so-called “learned man” to shelve his arrogance and learn to study the law books before opening his mouth to disgrace himself before the right thinking members of the society thereby attracting to himself criticism that may propel doubt about his suitability for the job he claims to be doing now, after moving out of his country of origin in which he fails to excel,” the reply concluded.  Source •Nnamdi Kanu and Abubakar Malami (SAN) The Minister of Justice and Solicitor-General of the Government of Alberta, Canada, Kelechi Madu, has slammed the Nigerian Minister of Justice and Attorney General, Abubakar Malami, over the re-arrest of the self-acclaimed leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, Nnamdi Kanu. Madu, in a… In "Top Stories" •Nnamdi Kanu By  Wandoo Sumbo ABUJA - The Federal Government has arrested Nnamdi Kanu, acclaimed leader of the proscribed Indegenous People of Biafra (IPOB) who has been on the run after jumping bail. The Attorney-General of the Federation and Minister of Justice Mr Abubakar Malami announced this on Tuesday in… In "Top Stories" •Nnamdi Kanu  ABUJA - The British High Commission has spoken on the arrest of Nnamdi Kanu, leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB). Dean Hurlock, a spokesperson of the British High Commission, told TheCable that while they can confirm Kanu’s arrest, he was not picked up in the UK… In "Top Stories"