By Chijioke Kingsley JOS – An Igbo royal father, Igwe Lawrence Onwudinjo, has commended Southern Governors on their resolution that the 2023 presidency should rotate to the south, saying that their demand wouldn’t help the Presidency to stabilize the country. Igwe Onwudinjo, who is the custodian of the Igbo natives in Jos-South, Plateau State, said for equity and justice to prevail it is only wise for politicians and Nigerians to respect the gentleman agreement of zoning. Speaking to our correspondent on Wednesday in Jos, Igwe Onwudinjo fault those who said that the Southern Governors are working against the president for demanding power shift to the South. According to him: “In 2015 when the North demanded for presidency agitating that it was their right, did anyone said they were working against former president Jonathan?. “The demand for southern presidency is for equity and fairness. I am not a politician but I think equity demands that it should be rotated”, he said. On the ban on open grazing, Onwudinjo reiterated that the Governors from the southern region are also just helping the country to end the incessant killings between the herders and farmers. “Many lives have been lost as a result of farmers herders conflict, but if end to open grazing is implemented with alternative to ranching, many lives will be saved”, Onwudinjo said. It would be recalled that the Southern Governor’s Forum (SGF) has insisted on rotational presidency, saying Nigeria’s president in 2023 must come from the south. The decision was taken after their meeting on Monday at the Lagos State House in Alausa, Ikeja. ....Groups kick against ban on open-grazing ..... South’s Reps back governors Abuja (Sundiata Post) - North’s elders and interest groups slammed the 17 southern governors on Tuesday for demanding power shift to the South in 2023. The Coalition of Northern Groups (CNG) said the North would not accept the imposition… In "Top Stories" •Southern governors Avarice and prejudice drove European conquistadors to carve up much of Africa like cake. With the gradual end of the transatlantic slave trade spurred by the industrial revolution in Europe, the trespassers, possessed by capitalist fiends, sought sources of raw materials for their industries and markets for their… In "Opinion" Southern leaders and groups have warned the North to stay off the presidency of Nigeria in 2023 in the interest of the unity of the country. The Southern groups, the Ohanaeze Ndigbo, the pan-Yoruba sociopolitical organisation, Afenifere and the Ijaw Youth Congress (IYC), in separate interviews with Saturday Tribune, warned… In "Politics"