Two kids, Eric Abba and Aondona Eric Abba, who lived in Plot 109, Captain Downes street, Gboko East in Benue State have been found killed by the adductors.  The Nation gathered the seven-year-old and six-year-old were abducted around the J.S. Tarka Institute of Political Studies last Saturday around 5pm. It was learnt the kids left to watch a match at a football viewing centre a few metres away from their residence after their parents left home. Their parents were said to have raised the alarm when they didn’t see them, leading to a search and rescue effort, which yielded no results. The footwear of one of them was found near a dugout area that had a pool of water and the second’s footwear at a nearby Catholic Church on Sunday morning. The discovery prompted an initial suspicion they might have drowned in the stagnant water. Local divers were mobilised into the shallow water for hours to no avail. But their corpses were found dumped near the water at the J.S. Tarka Institute of Political Studies with clear evidence of strangulation around their various necks on Sunday morning. Their parents were too shocked and dumbfounded to talk when The Nation met them. Elder brother of the parents, Dr Ben Abba, described the departed kids as loving and full of life.  Source …Kaduna, Zamfara, Borno deadliest states…North-West deadliest zone AS flames of violence and other forms of lives guzzling insecurity flicker in many parts of the country, Nigeria has literally become a killing field. In the first six weeks of 2021, lives of no fewer than 1,525 persons have been wasted across… In "Top Stories" •Seven-year-old Abba Mustapha MAIDUGIRI - Abba Mustapha, a seven-year-old boy whose parents were killed by Boko Haram has been found wandering in Maiduguri, capital of Borno State. Abba was found by a “good Samaritan” who took him to the state-owned broadcast station (BRTV) on Thursday and dropped him off there.… In "Metro" ONITSHA (Sundiata Post) - Human rights group, the International Society for Civil Liberties & Rule of Law (Intersociety), says 2,200 Christians have been killed in Nigeria between January and 13 December 2020. In a special report made available to Sundiata Post on Thursday, the group also said 34,400 Christians have… In "News"