By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  The Senate has passed a bill to establish the National Emergency Medical Services Agency. The passage of the bill followed the consideration of a report by the Committee on Health (Secondary and Tertiary). Chairman of the Committee, Senator Yahaya Oloriegbe (APC, Kwara Central), in his presentation, said the bill seeks to, among others, ensure that all Nigerians have access to early, good and quality emergency medical service and critical care when needed. According to the lawmaker, the agency when established would provide assistance for the development of comprehensive area emergency medical services system in Nigeria. “Mr. President and Distinguished Colleagues, the country lacks a robust emergency healthcare service. Therefore, our legislative mandate to establish one at this time will improve our decaying healthcare system through the provision of better and reliable institutional framework for an effective and efficient emergency medical service in Nigeria”, Oloriegbe said. …As Senate mulls 112 as toll free number to report accidents, kidnappings, others    By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, on Monday said that the National Toll-Free Emergency Bill presently before the National Assembly would establish a channel and put in place a structure to guarantee… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate has taken steps to give legal backing to the National Emergency Number 112, being implemented by the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) through it’s Emergency Communication Centres (ECC). Recall that the emergency number bill passed second reading on Wednesday, April 21, 2021… In "Top Stories" By Mustapha Yauri Abuja - The Minister of Health, Prof. Isaac Adewole, has inaugurated an Emergency Medical Treatment (EMT) Committee and National Emergency Medical Services and Ambulance Scheme (NEMSAS) to provide an effective and Efficient Emergency Medical Services to Nigerians. Mrs Boade Akinola, the Director, Media and Public Relation of… In "Health"