Wife of late Prophet Temitope Balogun Joshua, Evelyn Joshua told a global audience on Tuesday afternoon how she fondly called her husband TBJ My Love. The widow said this while delivering a heartrending tribute to her later husband at the church premises in Ikotun, Lagos. She described the late man of God as a loving husband and father and one who created time for his family despite his busy spiritual schedule. She however thanked God for making her wife to such a great husband and spiritual father, and said, “thank you for choosing me” Speaking further, she described her late husband as one who did not understand the word impossible, saying; “We will keep the light burning. I shall forever be proud to be your wife.” “You are not dead. I know that,” she added, describing Joshua’s passing as ‘very peaceful.’ Speaking in a very solemn voice, she said, “I am sad that I, Evelyn may not be able to see you physically again, your children, spiritual sons and daughters may not see you physically again, but we know that you are not dead. Sleep on my love. Sleep on My God’s general.” In her own tribute, Serah, the first daughter of the late prophet said “I am so proud of my father. Dad told me that the work of God is so beautiful to do. “’Indeed he lived a prayerful life, I recall how one day we prayed for 45 minutes and after that my knees were aching. After that he told me that the spirit is willing but the body is weak. “I will truly miss our conversation. If anyone lived a fulfilling and yet enigmatic life, it was you. My dad had the biggest heart that I know of. What a life you lived- such a legend and exemplary light.” On her part, Promise the late Joshua’s second daughter described her late dad as one who lived each day as if it was his last. “He lived each day like it was his last. It didn’t come to me like a surprise. Thank you for living such an exemplary life,” she added. Also paying tribute to her dad, Heart Joshua simply said; “Thank you for coming out to celebrate my father’s profitable life”  Source Evelyn, wife of the late founder of the Synagogue Church of All Nations, Prophet Temitope Joshua, aka TB Joshua, on Wednesday, said the death of her husband was an act of God. She spoke when a delegate from the Lagos State Governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, led by the Commissioner for Home… In "Features" LAGOS - Evelyn Joshua, wife of the founder of Synagogue Church of All Nations, Temitope Balogun Joshua, has broken her silence on the death of her husband. Evelyn took to social media to express her grief over jer loss. Brushing aside the Twitter debacle in Nigeria, she took to the… In "Top Stories" Nigeria's former Aviation Minister, Femi Fani-Kayode has lambasted the senior pastor of the Household of God Church, Chris Okotie. This comes after Okotie left a cryptic post insulting late Prophet T.B Joshua died last Sunday, June 6. Okotie and Joshua were never friends as the former had always suspected the… In "News"