Jeff Bezos has made history.  The Amazon founder has become the richest man in history, according to DailySun US.  This comes after his worth rose to a staggering $211billion as the share price of his e-commerce company rocketed by four percent. The businessman’s net worth soared by more than $8.4billion on Tuesday, according to Bloomberg’s Billionaires Index. Amazon stocks soared by 4.7 percent on Tuesday, according to reports. Bezos’ net worth now stands at $211billion and Amazon’s share price has increased by 15 percent since the start of the year. The e-commerce pioneer, 57, has shattered records for wealth since the Index started ranking billionaires’ net worth in 2012. Tesla founder Elon Musk is second on the list with a net worth of $181bn while tech mogul Bill Gates is currently ranked fourth. Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg has an estimated net worth of $131bn. Bezos’ success comes as the Pentagon canceled a disputing cloud-computing contract with Microsoft that could have been worth $10billion. Microsoft won the contract under former president Donald Trump but Amazon went to court alleging that the process was flawed and “improperly influenced by politics”, the AP reports. The JEDI project was designed to store vast amounts of classified data – allowing US military officials to improve communications with soldiers on the battlefield, as well as using artificial intelligence to speed up its war planning. It is being reported that the Pentagon will pursue potential deals with both Amazon and Microsoft. On July 5, Bezos stepped down from his role as Amazon CEO, handing over the reins to Andy Jassy. Jassy previously ran Amazon’s cloud-computing business. Earlier this year, Bezos said he planned to focus on new products and early initiatives being developed at Amazon. He said he would have more time for side projects, including his space exploration company Blue Origin, his philanthropic initiatives, and overseeing The Washington Post, which he bought. Bezos, who is the company’s biggest shareholder, will still have broad influence over the e-commerce giant. The businessman received a salary of $81,840 and $1.6million in other compensation from the company last year. Despite the economic crash brought on by the coronavirus pandemic, Bezos’ wealth ballooned over the last 12 months with shuttered shops driving Amazon sales skyward. That came even as he handed over a quarter of his Amazon stock to his ex-wife MacKenzie Scott as part of their divorce. Bezos is said to be more than twice as wealthy as the entire British monarchy – which was estimated to be worth $88billion in 2017 – and his fortune exceeds some nation’s gross domestic product. It’s reported that he makes more money every second than the average US worker makes in a week, according to Business Insider.  Source Amazon founder Jeff Bezos has become the first person in history to hit $202 billion net worth. The American billionaire broke the wealth barrier on Wednesday as shares of his online shopping company, continued skyrocketing due to the unending demand for online shopping. His Seattle company’s stock continued to surge… In "News" Elon Musk has become the second richest man in the world with an asset of about $127.9bn. The billionaire entrepreneur added $100.3 billion to his net worth this year, surpassing Bill Gates to become the 2nd richest person in the world, according to Bloomberg Billionaires Index. The 49-year-old entrepreneur’s net… In "News" Jeff Bezos has become the richest man in the world again. The Amazon owner reclaimed the position from Elon Musk, Tesla CEO on Tuesday after Tesla shares fell 2.4%, forcing him to lose about $4.5 billion. A statement by the Bloomberg Billionaires index ranking on Wednesday said Bezos is now… In "Business"