By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  The Deputy President of the Senate, Senator Ovie Omo-Agege has strongly condemned the killing of a police orderly and personal driver of a notable chieftain of the All Progressives Congress in Delta State, Chief Michael Johnny. Omo-Agege who described the incident as barbaric, callous, inhumane, cruel and vicious, tasked the security agencies to bring perpetrators to book. This call was contained in a statement signed by Special Adviser, Media and Publicity to the Deputy President of the Senate, Yomi Odunuga made available to Sundiata Post on Wednesday. According to the statement, the duo were gunned down on Sunday shortly after they dropped off Chief Johnny’s wife at a church at the popular Airport Junction in Effurun-Warri, Delta State. “Johnny is a prominent youth leader of the APC from Gbaramatu Kingdom, Warri South-West Local Government Area of the state, he said. Condemning the incident, the Deputy President of the Senate tasked security operatives to fish out those responsible and punish them in accordance with the laws of the land. This, he noted, would serve as a deterrent to others. The Delta Central lawmaker described the incident as barbaric, callous, inhumane, cruel and vicious. He said: “It was disheartening to learn of the killing of the driver and mobile police escort of a chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Delta State, Chief Michael Johnny. “The killing in Warri is one too many as countless cases abound of assassinations and unprovoked attacks on APC chieftains in the state. “I urge the police to ensure thorough investigation and prosecution as deemed necessary in the eyes of the law. Our society must not condone such killings and all political parties have a duty to help orientate their members on the importance of respecting the laws of the land and the sanctity of human life”. Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Deputy President of the Senate, Senator Ovie Omo-Agege has condemned the stabbing of the supporter of the All Progressives Congress (APC) by Peoples Democratic Party, urging the Police to investigate and prosecute the perpetrator according to the law. The Senator who urged the APC supporters in… In "Top Stories" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Deputy Senate President Ovie Omo-Agege on Monday tackled the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) over its alleged planned relocation of the Nigerian Gas Company (NGC) headquarters from Ekpan-Warri in Delta State. The NNPC had in a statement, described as unfortunate statement credited to Sen. Omo-Agege where… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Deputy President of the Senate, Senator Ovie Omo-Agege has mourned the death of one of his legislative aides, Mr. Mudiaga Asagba. Omo-Agege who described the death as a very sad loss disclosed this in a statement signed by his Special Adviser on Media… In "News"