 Gov. Okezie Ikpeazu of Abia on Friday awarded scholarships to seven students of Cor Mariae Comprehensive Secondary School, Umungasi, in Aba for welcoming him to the area. Ikpeazu who disclosed this during the inauguration of the reconstructed Immaculate Heart Avenue, Umungasi, Aba said he was impressed by the student’s welcome address they read to him during the event. He said the scholarship would cover the period the seven students would be studying at the Cor Mariae Comprehensive Secondary School, Umungasi, Aba. He said that his government was building roads in Abia that would last beyond the tenure of his administration stressing that completing the road reconstruction would enable him face others. The governor thanked residents of the area for their patience during the years the reconstruction lasted adding that the road built with cement-pavement technology would last for fifty years The Deputy Governor, Ude Oko-Chukwu in his speech, expressed happiness at the inauguration of the road which he said was very critical to residents around it and Aba generally. “We will continue to work and inaugurate more projects. I thank everyone who came out to welcome the governor because you are happy,” he said. Chief Bob Ogu, Abia Works Commissioner thanked Ikpeazu for enabling the reconstruction of the road which should link Ogbor Hill through a bridge. He said the governor’s desire to have the link bridge built was being realized as the bridge’s drawing plan was ready for execution. He also said that the road would have street lights when completed stressing that by the third week of July, the street lights would have been be fitted. The Chairman, Landlords Association of the road, Prince Nweze, on behalf of the association, thanked Ikpeazu for reconstructing the road for the residents of Aba. He said the reconstruction of the road confirmed Ikpeazu’s desire to make Abia a better place hence it would check the menace of hoodlums in the area. Chief John Okiyi Kalu, Abia Information Commissioner said the roads were ongoing projects of the government of Ikpeazu who was determined to make a difference with road infrastructure in Abia. He said parts of the infrastructure development of Ikpeazu included the remodeling of Ngwa Road market and other major roads like Omuma, Ohanku, Obohia and Ngwa Road in Aba. “Governor Ikpeazu has passion to deliver roads that will last for fifty years. “In the next 12 months, he will be delivering 250 kilometer roads targeted at rural communities in Abia. Ikpeazu is indeed working,” Kalu said. (NAN) Obike Ukoh Political stakeholders in Abia have, on many occasions, called the attention of past leaders in the state to the need for developing infrastructure in Aba, the commercial capital of the state, to restore its past glory. Identifying the desire of the masses, Gov. Okezie Ikpeazu, therefore, made the… In "News" UMUAHIA (Sundiata Post) - Abia State Governor, Dr Okezie Ikpeazu, has promised that his administration would reconstruct and commission a minimum of 50 roads at Aba with a flyover at Osisioma roundabout before 2019. A statement issued on Tuesday by his Chief Press Secretary, Enyinnaya Appolos and obtained by journalists… In "News" Aba - Some stakeholders in Abia have called on Gov Okezie Ikpeazu to improve on his performance in his second tenure by concentrating on workers welfare and infrastructure development. The groups expressed their expectations of Ikpeazu’s second tenure in separate interviews with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Aba.… In "News"