The Senior Pastor of Dunamis International Gospel Center, Pastor Paul Enenche has revealed that he will make sure that five activists who wore the #BuhariMustGo T-shirts to the church on Sunday are released.  Recall that the activists were nabbed by the Department of State Service, DSS, after the activists were viewed on the Sunday Live telecast. The incident happened in Abuja. The renowned pastor who hitherto kept mum on the incident, spoke on Monday when some activists including Omoyele Sowore and Deji Adeyanju, met him at the church. According to Sowore who addressed newsmen shortly after meeting the clergy, the man of God debunked the report that the church was involved in the arrest. He stated that the arrest was made by operatives of the DSS and not the security operatives attached to the church. “They came here and it is their right, I wore my own T-Shirt to meet with him today my #BuhariMustGo T-Shirt. So, there is nobody who can tell you what to wear to church or to wear to school except the school that has uniforms. “We have a respectable agreement and some disagreement over this issue but what is important to me and why I don’t want to drag this for too long is the release of these individuals from detention,” Sowore added. According to him, Pastor Enenche has accepted to intervene and ensure that the arrested activists are released.  Source According to a report by SaharaReporters, some security guards attached to the Dunamis International Gospel Centre (Glory Dome) located along Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport Road, Abuja have arrested six human rights activists for wearing #BuhariMustGo (Anti-President Muhammadu Buhari) T-Shirts to the church. About ten activists went to the church on… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  The leader of Nigeria’s secret police team that invaded the Federal High Court in Abuja to re-arrest a journalist, Omoyele Sowore, apologised to the judge whose courtroom was invaded, Sowore’s lawyer Femi Falana said on Sunday. Falana in a statement said the State… In "Top Stories" •Sowore (down) in court on Friday ABUJA - (Press Release) - It has become important that the Department of State Services responds to the serial misinformation being circulated in the media about its involvement in the incident that occurred on 6th December, 2019 at the Federal High Court, Abuja. It… In "News"