University of Lagos, Akoka, will be producing 281 First Class graduates at its forthcoming 51st Convocation Ceremony, the Vice-Chancellor, Prof. Oluwatoyin Ogundipe has said.  Speaking at a press conference on Wednesday to intimate the press on the activities lined up for the ceremony, Ogundipe said the Faculty of Engineering which had 70 First Class graduates was the highest in the school. A total of 15,753 students are to be awarded various degrees at the convocation which will begin on July 5. Furthermore, a total number of 7,754 will be awarded the first degree in various disciplines, while 7,999 will bag postgraduate degrees and diplomas in various fields. The Convocation Lecture, titled, ‘National development and knowledge economy in the digital age: Leapfrogging SMEs into the 21st Century,’ will be delivered by the Governor of Central Bank of Nigeria, Mr Godwin Emefiele. “The best graduating student with the highest CGPA is Alimi Adedeji; 4.98, from the Department of Mechanical Engineering, Faculty of Engineering. He is closely followed by Popoola Victoria Opeyemi with a CGPA of 4.90 from the Department of Economics, Faculty of Social Sciences and also has the best result in the Humanities. ‘The best overall PhD thesis for this year’s graduating student is Moruf Olatunji from the Department of Marine Science, Faculty of Science. Meagan Peter Ekundayo from the Department of Economics, Faculty of Social Sciences will be awarded the best PhD thesis in the Humanities,” said Ogundipe. He also revealed that a 71-year-old woman, Marinze Felicia, who was born on March 6, 1950, would be the oldest to be awarded a PhD degree in the history of the university. Ogundipe also said the late former VC of the institution, Prof. Oyewusi Ibidapo-Obe, would be given the Post-Humous Emeritus Professorship. “Honorary doctorate degrees will be awarded to Dr Ameyo Stella-Adadevoh( Post-Humous), Dr Biodun Shobanjo, Alhaji Mohammed Indimi, and Dr Kessington Adebutu,” he said.   Source Mrs Felicia Marinze, a 71-year-old PhD student of the University of Lagos, has emerged one of the best graduating students from the institution’s School of Postgraduate Studies (SPGS). The Vice-Chancellor of the University of Lagos, Prof. Oluwatoyin Ogundipe, announced this at a news conference on activities lined up for the… In "News" By Chinyere Nwachukwu Lagos - The University of Lagos says 271 students of the institution would be graduating with First Class degrees during its 2017/2018 Convocation ceremonies, scheduled for April 1 to April 5. The Vice Chancellor of the Institution, Prof. Oluwatoyin Ogundipe, who disclosed this at a pre-convocation news… In "News" The Benson Idahosa University will at its 13th convocation ceremony which comes up on Saturday graduate a total of 722 students. It was learnt that 60 of the students will bag first class degrees. This was disclosed by the Vice-Chancellor, Prof Ernest Izevbigie, at a briefing for the 13th convocation… In "Education"