 Bendel Insurance Football Club of Benin say their Chief Coach, Bernard Ogbe, has apologised over the club’s early exit from the 2021 Men’s AITEO Cup competition. The club’s spokesman, Kehinde Osagiede, in a statement issued in Benin on Friday said the apology was to the Edo Government, the club’s fans and other football stakeholders in the state. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the coach’s apology followed the club’s defeat by Nasarawa United of Lafia in the competition’s Round of 32 on Thursday in Enugu. The state government-sponsored club were defeated 3-1. Ogbe said the apology was necessary considering the respect and confidence the state’s major clubs accorded Insurance FC when they unanimously endorsed them to represent the state in the national competition. “Let me sincerely apologise to the Edo state government and the state’s people, as well as other football stakeholders, including major clubs in the state who endorsed Insurance FC to represent the state in the competition. “It is quite unfortunate that we just crashed out at this stage. It is disappointing. This is my worst outing in the Cup competition in my coaching career.” He however assured that they would compensate for the loss through the national league. “We will now direct our energy to the Nigeria National League (NNL). Our mandate is to secure promotion for Insurance FC at the end of the season and anything short of that is unacceptable. “I have confidence that we will not fail to achieve that. I want to appeal to the government and the people not to withdraw their support,” Ogbe stated. (NAN) By Stanley Nwanosike   Enugu   -     Gov. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu State has urged fans of Rangers International FC both at home and Diaspora to offer special prayers for the club’s victory at the 2018 AITEO Final. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Rangers would lock horns with… In "News" BENIN - England-based footballer, Osaze Odemwingie, on Saturday in Benin said Nigeria’s quest to excel in sports development would continue to be a mirage without the support of individuals and private organisations. The Stoke City FC player said this while donating football kits to Bendel Insurance Football Club on Saturday in… In "Sports" ABUJA - Solomon Junior, captain of Bayelsa United Football Club, says the team’s success so far in the 2014 CAF Confederation Cup is due to the club’s former chief coach, Ladan Bosso. Junior told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Tuesday that their success was due to the recruitment… In "Sports"