Former Aviation Minister, Femi Fani-Kayode has confirmed that Nigerian forces attacked Sunday Igboho’s Ibadan home.  Recall that the attack took place early Thursday morning. He said security operatives surrounded the house, laid siege on the occupants and then attacked, people were killed. “Their bodies were taken away whilst a large number of others were arrested. Sunday Igboho’s passport and travel documents were stolen together with his phones, his personal effects, computers and the sum of two million naira. “There were about 100 soldiers and security agents involved and Sunday managed to escape after his boys shielded him from the bullets. “They insisted that he should leave whilst they resisted the attack as best as they could and with few numbers. My question is this: what has this man done to deserve this? “There is nothing he has been asked to do in terms of keeping the peace in the South-West by the Federal Government and the Yoruba elders that he has not done including guaranteeing the security and safety of the local Hausa Fulani population, building bridges, keeping the peace and having dialogue with other ethnic nationalities in Nigeria.” Fani-Kayode said while others were attacking innocent Hausa Fulanis in the South-West, Sunday was protecting them. The ex-minister added that Igboho has shown the greatest respect to Yoruba elders, traditional rulers and leaders and has refused to allow his supporters to terrorise and attack non-Yorubas. Fani-Kayode said the only enemies he and the Yoruba people have are “the foreign Fulani terrorists in our forests and are kidnapping and killing our people.”. Suspected herdsmen on Sunday allegedly invaded the residence of mother of Yoruba rights activist, Sunday Adeyemo aka Sunday Igboho. Igboho’s spokesman, Olayomi Koiki, confirmed this on Sunday night via his Twitter handle. He wrote: “Chief Sunday Adeyemo’s mother’s house at Igboho was invaded by three Fulani men this evening around… In "News" ••Bullet hole after attack on Igboho's residence l IBADAN - The Soka Ibadan residence of Yoruba Nation Agitator, Chief Sunday Adeyemo aka Sunday Igboho was raided in the early hours of Thursday by yet-to-be-identified gunmen. The incident reportedly occurred around 1:00am. The media page of Igboho’s spokesperson, Mr Olayomi Koiki, in… In "Top Stories" There was tension in the premises of Ataoja of Osogbo, Oba Jimoh Olanipekun on Saturday when supporters of a Yoruba Nation agitator, Sunday Adeyemo aka Sunday Igboho clashed with operatives of the Department of State Service (DSS). A video circulating on social media obtained by The Nation in Osogbo indicated… In "News"