By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Erstwhile President of the Senate, Dr Bukola Saraki has bemoaned the suspension of Hon. Jimoh Agboola by the Kwara State House of Assembly. Saraki who gave the condemnation via his Facebook page, disclosed that Agboola was suspended by the simple reason that he criticised the executive on a radio programme. He reminded that Hon. Agboola, is a member of the opposition party and as such, his job is to assess, critique, and proffer alternatives to government policies. The former head of the federal legislature, who said he finds it very disturbing that a legislator in his home State would be suspended for exercising his right as opposition party, stressed that the action by the Kwara State House of Assembly does not only constitute a threat to our democracy, but also undermines the independence of the legislature as an arm of government. It is unprecedented, not only in our state but across the country, he said. He therefore called on those behind Hon Agboola’s suspension to reverse their decision immediately and also urge the PDP member to remain strong and steadfast at this difficult time. Adding that posterity is there to record and judge his efforts. Recalls that the Kwara State House of Assembly on Tuesday suspended the member representing Ilorin South Constituency for alleged contempt and abuse of privilege. Agboola, who is the only Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) lawmaker in the house was suspended sequel to a motion without notice moved by the House Leader, Abubakar Mogaji Olawoyin, during Tuesday’s plenary. Olawoyin, while leading the debate on the motion, said the Assembly is an institution and not an individual and as such must be respected. The House Leader accused Agboola of disparaging the House by calling on the masses to stage a protest against the government and the House of Assembly, on a radio programme. He regarded such act at this period of insecurity as unsafe, saying it could lead to chaos. A Lawmaker representing Isin, Olumide Awolola Ayokunle, in his contribution, said the derogatory language against the House should not be condoned. He urged the House to make proper investigation on the matter before any action could be taken. Speaker Yakubu Salihu Danladi assured the House of adequate investigation and directed the House Committee on Ethics, Privileges and Judiciary to conduct investigation on the matter and report its finding as soon as possible. He also directed Agboola to seize from attending plenary pending the conclusion of the investigation. By Harrison Arubu   Abuja   -        A member of the National Assembly, Sen. Ali Ndume, has dismissed Senate President Bukola Saraki’s presidential ambition, describing it as a pipe dream and “not a threat to President Muhammadu Buhari’s second-term bid”. Saraki, who recently defected from the ruling APC… In "News" By Edegbe Odemwingie & Jonathan Nda-Isaiah Against all odds, Senator Bukola Saraki and Hon Yakubu Dogara emerged Senate president and Speaker of the  House of Representatives, last Tuesday. JONATHAN NDA-ISAIAH and EDEGBE ODEMWINGIE, in this report, look at factors that led to their emergence After weeks of politicking and horsetrading,… In "News" By Rotimi Ijikanmi Ilorin - Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, says All Progressives Congress (APC) will win the Saturday’s Governorship and State Assembly elections in Kwara with higher margin than the Presidential and National Assembly polls. The minister, who is the leader of APC in the state,… In "Politics"