A Sahara Reporters news report has revealed that the supplementary list of successful candidates recently released by the Nigerian Navy for its admission has only northerners. Successful candidates on the list were drawn from core Northern states with only a few from North Central (Kogi and Niger states). An official of the Service, who spoke with SaharaReporters said such a thing had never happened in the history of the service. He noted that the Nigerian Navy had always ensured equal representation of all the regions in all its lists, both primary and supplementary, querying why the latest one had not accommodated all the regions. He said, “Normally, after recruitment, they release a list and those people on that list will go for training, they divide the list into two, Batch A and B. “They released a supplementary list recently and this has never happened before that all the names on that list will be from the North, 44 candidates. They are not just from the North but mainly from the core North. “In the normal recruitment list, every state is usually given equal number but I don’t know why this is different. This supplementary list Batch A has resumed, Batch B will resume in January. These are the few people that will join those that are already there. As far as it is supplementary, every zone and state should be included. “The former ones they did, all states were included in equal numbers except the Federal Capital Territory (FCT); the FCT is the only one that usually gets lesser slots because most of those using FCT to apply are not from there. “My question is, why is this supplementary list representing only the North. It should represent all parts, not just a particular region.” Akwa Ibom State Polytechnic Supplementary HND admission list for the 2016/2017 academic session has been released. The released Akwa Ibom Poly list is for candidates who applied for Higher National Diploma programmes offered by the management of the school. Candidates who applied for HND admission but did not see their… In "Education" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - A civil rights organ­isation, Campaign Ag­ainst Military Impun­ity (CAMI), has raised the alarm over alleged recruitment scandal in the Nigerian Air Fo­rce. The organisation all­eged that the Chief of Air Staff, Air Vice Marshal Sad­iq Abubakar, had com­promised standards in the recruitment ex­ercise for non-commi­ssioned officers… In "News" Bauchi State University Gadau, BASUG part-time degree admission lists (first, second, third and supplementary batches) for  2016/2017 academic session are out. All candidates who applied for admission into Bauchi State University PT Degree programmes can now check their status. The released admission lists contain the names of first batch, second… In "Education"