 Hansi Flick has picked Danny Roehl as additional assistant coach at the Germany national team alongside Marcus Sorg, the German football federation (DFB) said on Wednesday. Roehl worked with Flick at Bayern Munich and has signed a three-year contract that will cover the Euro 2024 in Germany. “I worked very successfully and trustingly with him at Bayern Munich for almost two years. I value Danny as an absolute professional who shares my vision and ideas about football,” Flick said. DFB director, Oliver Bierhoff, added: “I am pleased that the new coach is also relying on continuity and, with Marcus Sorg, making use of the high level of competence that is already present in the national team.” The former Bayern Munich coach will take the Germany job after Joachim Loew decided to step down after the Euro 2020 and not see out his contract until 2022. Flick will officially start work on Aug. 1 and will not have goalkeeper coach Andreas Koepke at his side. Koepke is leaving his post with the national team after 17 years, the 59-year-old disclosed on Wednesday, following a newspaper report. “Yes, it’s true,” Koepke said. His contract was to run until the end of 2022 and after the FIFA World Cup in Qatar, but he decided to leave as the Loew era ends. “I came here with Jogi and will leave with him after 17 years,” Koepke said. The DFB also confirmed Koepke’s departure in a statement and said a decision on his successor “will be made at a later date.” Koepke joined the coaching team led by Juergen Klinsmann in October 2004 as Sepp Maier’s successor. Together with Loew and Flick, Koepke won the 2014 FIFA World Cup in Brazil, his greatest success as goalkeeper coach. Koepke plans to take a holiday “for the time being,” while his future remains open. The DFB is expected to make decisions quickly as Germany are back in action in September at the 2022 World Cup qualifiers. (NAN) Munich (Germany) - After the departure of Philippe Coutinho, Alvaro Odriozola is the next one to leave Bayern Munich. The club confirmed on Thursday that the defender has returned to Real Madrid following the end of his loan spell. A right-back was requested by coach Hansi Flick during the mid-season… In "Sports" Lisbon - After four thrilling quarter-finals, the upsets stopped at the last four stage in the UEFA Champions League, setting up Sunday’s final between Bayern Munich and Paris St-Germain (PSG). Five-times winners Bayern Munich are back in the final for the first time since 2013. This was after ending a… In "Sports" Lagos (Portugal) - Left-back Alphonso Davies missed Bayern Munich training on Wednesday, but coach Hansi Flick expects him to be fit for Friday’s UEFA Champions League quarter-final match against FC Barcelona. Flick said that the 19-year-old was rested as a precaution because he was suffering from “light adductor problems.” Asked… In "Sports"