Former Deputy Governor of Kaduna State, Barnabas Bantex, who served in the position from 2015 to 2019 is dead.  This was confirmed in a statement issued on Sunday by the Kaduna State Governor, Nasir El-Rufai. The governor described Bantex as a dependable man of brilliance and imagination, adding that he believed in the potential of Kaduna State. The statement read, “It’s a Very sad day: In Bantex, I have lost a dear friend and partner in the service of Kaduna State. In the midst of trying times, I have received with utter sadness news of the departure of my friend and brother, His Excellency Barnabas Yusuf Bala (Bantex). “From our days as undergraduates in the 1970s to our practice as professional colleagues in the construction industry and eventually partners in a governance project, Bantex was consistently a dependable man of brilliance and imagination. He believed in the potential of our state and in the capacity of our people to work together for progressive attainments. “Together, we took on the task of providing new leadership for Kaduna State in 2015. He brought to his duties as Deputy Governor during our first term his unique insights as a politician with experience in navigating the diversity of our state. Bantex radiated hope and optimism in the future of our state, even when the circumstances were dreary. “Bantex had served the people of Kaduna State in several capacities prior to becoming Deputy Governor. As a delegate to the 1994 Constitutional Conference, chairman of Kaura Local Government Council and member for Kaura Federal Constituency in the House of Representatives, he was a sterling symbol of representative democracy. “We would miss his brilliance and his commitment to Kaduna State, his easygoing manners, his sense of humour and steadfastness to his convictions. “I have spoken to his family and conveyed our condolence on behalf of the government and people of Kaduna State. We shall work closely with his family to grant a befitting farewell to a man who gave so much to this state even when hobbled by ill-health. “We have been blessed to know Bantex and to work with him. We pray God to grant him peaceful repose and to comfort his wife, children and the entire family in this moment of grief and loss.”  Source By Philip Yatai Kaduna - The Kaduna State Government said it had commenced improvement in the quality of education in public schools as part of effort to ensure human capital development. Ja’afaru Sani, Commissioner for Education, Science and Technology, disclosed this at a Two-day Acceleration Conference on SDGs on Wednesday… In "News" The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has defeated the All Progressives Party (APC) at Manchok Registration Area (RA), the electoral ward of Barnabas Bantex, Kaduna State Deputy Governor. The RA Collation Officer, Yusuf Taiwo, who announced the result in Manchok on Saturday, said that Isa Ashiru of the PDP polled 2,978… In "Politics" By Philip Yatai Kaduna -   Mrs. Ladi Bantex, wife of Kaduna Deputy Governor, has embarked on a peace building campaign aimed at mobilising women to be proactive in tackling hate speeches and other security challenges. Bantex, who flagged off the campaign in Manchok, Kaura Local Government, on Friday, told… In "News"