KANO – The police in Kano State Command has arrested one Mohammed Aliyu, 45, for impersonating as an Assistant Commissioner of Police (ACP). “Credible information revealed that Mohammed Aliyu of Hotoro Mariri Quarters, Kano, paraded himself as an ACP,’’ Police spokesman, DSP Abdullahi Haruna-Kiyawa, said in a statement issued on Thursday in Kano. “He went to a hotel in Kano and requested for a room to accommodate some of his guests coming from Kaduna and other parts of the country, and asked for a discount as an ACP,’’ Haruna-Kiyawa stated. He added that the suspect tendered a complimentary card to the hotel manager bearing his name as an Assistant Commissioner of Police and the Squadron Commander of 52 PMF Challawa, Kano. Aliyu also told the hotel manager that the Divisional Police Officer (DPO) of Nassarawa Division, Kano, was his younger brother and served under him in the police at a time. “Having observed a suspicious approach, the hotel manager immediately informed the police. “The Commissioner of Police, Sama’ila Shu’aibu-Dikko, instructed a team of policemen led by DPO Nassarawa, SP Daniel Itse Amah, to proceed to the scene. “The team swung into action and found out that the suspect was a fake Assistant Commissioner of Police, and was subsequently arrested,’’ the police spokesman also stated. Haruna-Kiyawa added that during investigation, some fake documents bearing the name Ibrahim Muhammad-Tijjani as a medical practitioner were found in Aliyu’s possession. “Police investigation showed that Aliyu was neither a medical practitioner nor a police officer. “He also confessed to have been involved in series of surgical operations and prescribed drugs to many patients,’’ the police spokesman stated. He said that CP Shuaibu-Dikko ordered that the case be transferred to the Criminal Investigation Department for further investigation. Haruna-Kiyawa said the suspect would be charged to court thereafter. (NAN) By Ramatu Garba Kano -  Mr Rabi’u Yusuf, the Commissioner of Police, Kano State Command has tasked the 170 newly promoted officers at the command to work hard and deliver quality service delivery to the Public. He gave the task while addressing the officers shortly after they were decorated with… In "Metro" The Police Command in Kano has commended youths across the state for maintaining peace during the recent EndSARS protests in parts of the country. The Commissioner of Police, Kano Command, CP Abu Sani gave the commendation at a one-day Youth, Peace and Security summit organized by the Nigerian Youth Parliament… In "News" KANO - The Kano State Police Command, on Tuesday, said it is intensifying efforts to apprehend the suspects, who murdered a housewife, Malama Farida Dahiru. Already, the State Commissioner of Police, Ahmed Iliyasu has ordered a comprehensive investigation into the gruesome murder of the housewife. The three-year-old daughter of the… In "Metro"