By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  The Senate on Tuesday passed bills establishing three universities namely; Federal University of Science and Technology Lau, Taraba State; Federal University of Agriculture and Technology, Aboh, Delta State; and City University of Technology Auchi, Edo State. The passage of the bills followed the consideration of three separate reports by the Committee on Tertiary Institutions and TETFUND. Senator Sandy Onuh, in his presentations on behalf of the Chairman of the Committee, Ahmad Babba Kaita, said the Federal Univeristy of Agriculture and Technology, Aboh, in Delta State, would offer graduates knowledge in research to improve on Agricultural extension and general Agricultural practices. In another presentation on the report of the Conference Committee on the establishment of City University of Technology, Auchi, Onuh said the Senate and House of Representatives met and deliberated on the two versions of the bill. According to him, it was resolved that the harmonised version be adopted by each of the two chambers of the National Assembly for approval. By Kingsley Okoye ABUJA - The Senate on Tuesday at plenary session passed bills establishing three universities. The bills are Federal University of Science and Technology Lau, Taraba State, Federal University of Agriculture and Technology, Aboh, Delta State and City University of Technology Auchi, Edo State. The passage of the… In "Education" By Kingsley Okoye Abuja - The Senate on Wednesday passed the bill for establishment of Modibo Adama University of Technology in Adamawa. The passing of the bill followed presentation and consideration of the report of the Committee on Tertiary Institution and TETFUND on Wednesday. The bill, sponsored by Sen. Aisha… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan has advised the federal government to deploy the Natural Resources Development Fund to support enterprises within the agriculture and solid minerals sector as way of diversifying the nation’s economy. Lawan made the call in his concluding remark after… In "Top Stories"