Some leaders of the All Progressives Congress in Arigbajo ward, Ewekoro Local Government Area of Ogun State have protested the alleged imposition of a candidate on the ward.  The party ward leaders appealed to the state Governor, Dapo Abiodun and other chieftains of the party to wade into the crisis as a result of the alleged imposition of a candidate on them. The aggrieved leaders made the complaint in a petition directed to the state party chairman Yemi Sanusi and other leaders in the state by their solicitor, Lekan Ojo and Associates. The petition titled “complaint against acts Of imposition of councillorship candidate and conduct likely to cause crisis In APC, Arigbajo Ward”. The petition read, “We are also briefed that upon the dissatisfaction of Obadina and his consequent moves to overturn the nomination, the leadership of the party at the council intervened and directed that an election be conducted to determine the candidate, however, this process was disrupted when it was found that three of the voters nominated by Obadina were not eligible to vote in that election. “Consequent upon the failure of the conduct of the election, it was our belief that the leadership of the party at the state level intervened and directed that the three most important ward leaders would determine the candidate and as such picked Hon. Gbolahan Famuyiwa, Obadina and Hon. Yemisi Adeniran. Supreme Court judgment: Don’t go ahead with LG polls, Alao-Akala, Adelabu tell Makinde“While Obadina nominated Anisere, the other two ward leaders nominated Eleyowo on June 2, 2021, via a phone call.” Reacting to the complaint, the APC state Publicity Secretary of the caretaker committee, Tunde Oladunjoye, said the party has begun moves to resolve all the matters. Oladunjoye said every member would be involved in the administration of the government at the local government level. He said, “I want to let you know that only one person can occupy an elective office at a time. There will be complaints. That’s part of party politics. “I can assure you the party is addressing all concerns. There is a strict directive from the Governor for inclusiveness at the Local Government and ward levels as being demonstrated by His Excellency at the State level. “Over time, we should most hopefully put the complaints behind us before the local government, the elections in which we are so sure of victory because the achievements of the governor within a record two years, with completed and ongoing projects equitable located in all senatorial districts of the state, are veritable tools for our electioneering and success at the polls.”  Source KADUNA - The members of All Progressive Congress (APC) in Kaduna State on Friday, staged a protest over alleged imposition of candidates by its leadership in the April 17 ward congresses. The aggrieved members stormed the party secretariat on Ahmadu Bello Way with placards of various inscriptions to register their… In "Politics" By Mohammed Mamman Damaturu -   A group of aspirants in the just concluded ward congress of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Yobe, have decried mass disenfranchisement and demanded for another congress. Alhaji Adamu Yaro, former state Youth Leader of the party and spokesman for the aspirants, put forward… In "Politics" By Tayo Ikujuni Lagos  -  Mr Abayomi Adesanya, the Publicity Secretary of All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ondo State, has warned leaders of the party in Lagos against imposing candidates in the forthcoming local government elections in the state. The Lagos State Independent Electoral Commission (LASIEC) has fixed July 22… In "Politics"