 Zenith Bank Plc has been named ”Best Commercial Bank in Nigeria” at the World Finance Banking Awards 2021, as published in the July edition of the World Finance Magazine. The Group Managing Director/Chief Executive of Zenith Bank Plc, Mr Ebenezer Onyeagwu announced the award in a statement made available to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Wednesday, in Lagos. Onyeagwu said the award was based on individual banks’ ability to adapt to a continually evolving technological environment, while maintaining top-class customer relations and bolstering their financial footing amidst the upheaval caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. The recognition reflects the resilience and ability to adapt to a very challenging macroeconomic environment exacerbated by the COVID-19 pandemic, he said. “As well as our commitment to creating value for our teeming customers through our best-in-class service and innovative products and solutions. “This award comes in the wake of several awards and recognitions received by the bank in recent times for its track record of excellent performance and commitment to global best practices. “Zenith Bank was voted as Bank of the Year (Nigeria) in The Banker’s Bank of the Year Awards 2020, Best Bank in Nigeria in the Global Finance World’s Best Banks Awards 2020 and 2021, and Best Corporate Governance ‘Financial Services’ Africa 2020 and 2021 by the Ethical Boardroom, among others,” he said. He expressed his gratitude to the bank’s customers for making Zenith Bank their preferred financial Institution, which culminated in the award. NAN reports that ‘World Finance’ is a leading international magazine providing comprehensive coverage and analysis of the financial industry, international business and the global economy. (NAN) Nigeria’s leading financial institution, Zenith Bank Plc has introduced a new product, Z-Woman, which is focused on empowering female business owners. Z-Woman account holders stand a chance to enjoy loans of up to N10 million at a single-digit interest rate, free digital skills training, and free exhibition stands at Zenith… In "News" To the admiration of key financial sector operators present, the Dangote Fertilizer Limited announced on Friday, 4 June 2021 the formal commencement of production of Urea in commercial quantity and the plan to hit the Nigerian market on Monday. In what industry watchers have described as a potent step to… In "Technology" By Nse Anthony-Uko (Sundiata Finance) -- Guaranty Trust Bank Plc said it has been recognised as the 2017 ‘Bank of the Year Nigeria’ at the Banker Awards. The Banker Award event took place in London, United Kingdom, recently. The Banker, a publication of the Financial Times, is the world’s leading… In "Business"