Abuja, July 11,2021 (NAN)The All Progressives Congress (APC) has called on its supporters and members to take advantage of the ongoing Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) online Continuous Voter Registration exercise to register.  Sen. John Akpanudoedehe, National Secretary of APC Caretaker and Extra-ordinary Convention Planning Committee (CECPC) made the call in a statement on Sunday in Abuja. Akpanudoedehe urged the party members to complete the registration process at designated centres, where they could obtain their Permanent Voters Cards (PVC). “We want to remind members that the PVC is the only legal instrument voters can use to elect leaders, who can sustain the ongoing efforts of APC government at the Federal, State and Local levels. “This is to enable party to sustain its successes in renewing national infrastructure, transforming agriculture and diversifying the economy. “APC members across the country should equip themselves with the voter cards to enable them vote in the forthcoming by-elections, staggered gubernatorial elections as well as 2023 General Elections,” he said. The APC spokesman added that new voters could preregister on the INEC portal, while those who had registered in the past could access the platform to review their voter registration status. He explained that some of the features on the portal allowed registered voters to update their personal information or transfer their voter registration to another polling unit. He said a registered voter could also request for replacement of damaged or defaced PVC on the INEC portal. He said “Meanwhile, new voters are only required to fill and upload their forms on the portal after entering their bio-data and required documents. “After which they are expected to visit an INEC state or local government office to provide their finger prints before July 19th to complete the registration and obtain their voter cards. “I called on more than 40 million registered APC members to register to ensure that the party continue to be the leading and winning party. Akpanudoedehe said the APC had superior policies and orientation to implement projects and programmes aimed at improving the well-being of Nigerians.  (NAN) By Abiodun Esan Ilorin -  The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) says it has registered 70,000 people in Kwara since the commencement of the Continuous Voter Registration (CVR) exercise in April 2017. Mr Paul Atser, INEC Administrative Secretary in the state, made this known during a meeting with members of… In "Politics" ABUJA - Dr Tunji Abayomi, a Constitutional lawyer, on Friday said the allegation by the Directorate of State Security (DSS) that the APC planned to hack into INEC’s database was baseless. Abayomi, in a statement he issued in Abuja, described the allegation as ``hogwash’[pro_ad_display_adzone id="10"] The News Agency of Nigeria… In "News" By Lucy Osuizigbo Lagos -   Ahead of the 2019 general elections, the Badagry Division of the All Progressives Congress (APC), on Saturday urged aspirants to imbibe the spirit of sportsmanship during party primaries. The Lagos State Deputy Governor, Dr Idiat Adebule, gave the advice at a stakeholders’ meeting organised… In "Politics"