ENUGU – Soldiers have stormed two communities in Enugu State forcing villagers to flee for their lives. The invasion has heightened tension and apprehension in Agudene village in Adamagu Akpawfu community in Nkanu East Local Government Area and Ndiagu-Akpugo community in Nkanu West council area of Enugu State as the soldiers reportedly arrested some youths. The soldiers were also said to have burnt down a house in Ndiagu Akpugo community. Residents of the area said the incident started Wednesday evening and continued up to Thursday, adding that they did not know the reason for the action. Attempt by reporters to visit the community was not possible as all commercial motorcycle operators operating within the neighbouring communities refused to go to the troubled area. According to village sources, the soldiers, who came in about eight Hilux Vans, were still parading the villages as of Thursday evening. It was gathered that the invasion was not unconnected with the ejection of Fulani herdsmen from Akpawfu forests by youths following the incessant destruction of farmlands and crops by their cattle. Village sources also disclosed that since that incident that led to the ejection of Fulani herdsmen last March, soldiers have been visiting the community in their numbers and arresting many innocent youths and tagging them members of the outlawed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB). The villagers who spoke from their hiding places, told our correspondent that the invading soldiers were secretly abducting young men to unknown destinations. One of the sources said, “soldiers numbering over hundred stormed Akpawfu Community in Nkanu East at about 7:30pm on Wednesday. They were moving from house to house ransacking houses. Before then, the blocked the major roads leading to the community before swooping on the community. “I don’t know how many people that were abducted yesterday. They were looking for our young men but many of them have run away.” The source also added that the soldiers returned on Thursday morning with policemen and personnel of Department of State Security and blocked all the access road leading to the community. Another source told our correspondent that the soldiers also invaded Ndiagu – Akpugo Community, where they razed down a house. According to him, he escaped being arrested by whiskers. “I was in the house belonging to a man popularly known as Bebia at Ugwu-agba in Ndiagu-Akpugo and few minutes after I moved away from the place, the soldiers came and when they did not see who they were looking for, they arrested all the men around and set the house ablaze. “As I am speaking to you, our young men have run away and some members of the community are relocating to the state capital for fear of their lives.” The traditional ruler of Adamagu Akpawfu community, Igwe Christopher Nnamani, who resides in Enugu metropolis, said he received several phone calls from his subjects informing him about an invasion by soldiers. “I am on my way to my palace, come there so I can see who I am speaking with. I won’t like to speak with someone I have not seen on telephone”, he said. When the Deputy Director Army Public Relations, 82 DV, Enugu, Col. Abubakar Abdullahi, was contacted on the development he declined comment and did not take his calls afterwards. He also did not respond to text messages of the time of filing this report. (Everydaynewsngr.com) ONITSHA (Sundiata Post) - The number of Igbo communal locations in 10 states of Anambra, Abia, Ebonyi, Enugu, Imo, Rivers, Delta, Edo, Benue and Kogi presently threatened or permanently occupied by armed Fulani herdsmen has now risen to 700. This is according to new findings made by the International Society… In "Top Stories" By Stanley Nwanosike   Enugu   -    The Police Command in Enugu State on Thursday appealed for the public’s help for information that would lead to the arrest of a suspect, one Chijioke Okenwa and his cohorts alleged to be involved in the murder of a monarch. NAN reports that police… In "Metro" •Islamic cleric Ahmed Gumi visited an enclave of bandits in a forest in Niger in the wake of the abduction of students recently  MINNA - The Nigerian army has shut down a military camp in Zagzaga community in Munya council area of Niger State after another attack by bandits. It… In "Security"