 The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) in Osun says no fewer than 150 Special Marshals and Regular Marshals will be deployed in the state before, during and after the Eid-el-Kabir celebrations . The Osun Sector Commander, Mr Paul Okpe, said this in a statement issued by the Command’s Spokesperson, Mrs Agnes Ogungbemi in Osogbo on Wednesday. He noted that the deployment was to ensure full compliance with safety measures by motorists, Okpe said that 150 officers which include both special marshals and regular marshals shall be drafted to some strategic locations to curtail any form of accident. According to him, the command patrol vehicles including one tow operational van would be positioned to avoid any form of gridlock and disobedience to road traffic act. He advised that safety on highways was a shared responsibility which must not be left in the hands of the command alone. Okpe noted that all stakeholders must join hands to make the road free for all. “We want to implore all road users to adhere to the road traffic ordinance by not going against any traffic rule. “Drivers should also avoid dangerous driving, speeding, not wearing their seat belt and also taking hard drugs and drinking alcoholic substance,” he said. The sector commander said that the command had begun its public enlightenment campaign to sensitise drivers at motor parks on the dangers involved in reckless driving . “In view of the upcoming Sallah celebration, the command is embarking on a road show to sensitise the motoring public on the need to exercise caution while driving. “The Regular Marshal, Special Marshals, NYSC/Road Safety Club members, OYES and other stakeholders will join in the exercise. “The motorcade will take off from the Sector Command, Abere to Aregbe Junction and some strategic locations in the state to raise the safety consciousness of motorists,” he said. Okpe advised road users to ensure strict compliance with the COVID-19 protocols to guide against the spread of the deadly disease. (NAN) ABUJA - The Federal Road Safety Commission (FRSC), has deployed 18,000 personnel and 918 vehicles across the country for special patrol tagged ``Operation Ed-el-Kabir between Sept. 30 and Oct. 12. The Corps Marshal, Mr Boboye Oyeyemi, made the announcement in a statement issued by Mrs Stella Uchegebu FRSC Public Education… In "News" By Joshua Oladipo     Osogbo   -     Ahead of the coming gubernatorial election in Osun , the Federal Road Safety Commission (FRSC) has called on its personnel to show high level of commitment and professionalism by shunning corrupt and unethical standards before, during and after the election.… In "Metro" By Naomi Sharang Abuja - Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) has deployed no fewer than 35, 000 regular and special marshals across the country for the Eid el Kabir celebrations. The mass deployment is aimed at ensuring safer roads during the festive periods and beyond. Corps Public Education Officer, Mr… In "Metro"