The Arewa Youth Consultative Forum, AYCF, has stated that Nigerians would be angry if the Federal government allows the leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, Nnamdi Kanu, to flee the country following his rearrest.  AYCF National President, Yerima Shettima cautioned the Nigerian government against allowing a situation that would lead to Kanu escaping again. In a chat with DAILY POST, Shettima warned that Nigerians would be angry with the Federal Government if the IPOB leader escapes again. Asked about the possibility of Kanu escaping again, Shettima said: “Escaping? I doubt it, the Nigerian government cannot take that kind of risk because if they do that Nigerians will be angry. I’m sure they would not do that.” Kanu had in 2017 jumped bail granted him by Justice Binta Nyako of an Abuja Federal High Court, fleeing the country. The IPOB leader was, however, rearrested a few weeks ago and repatriated back to Nigeria to continue his trial. On Tuesday last week, he was brought before Justice Nyako who remanded him in custody of the Department of State Services, DSS.  Source The Arewa Youths Consultative Forum (AYCF) has claimed that the leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Nnamdi Kanu, is planning to escape Nigeria through the Cameroonian borders. AYCF said it had intelligence reports, that Kanu was on his way to the Cameroon borders, from where he could easily… In "News" The Arewa Youths Consultative Forum, AYCF has called for the arrest of Nnamdi Kanu, leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB. The group said Kanu should be arrested and made to undergo psychological tests. AYCF President-General, Yerima Shettima made the call while condemning Kanu’s continued attacks and claims that… In "News" The family of leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Mazi Nnamdi Kanu has dared the Federal Government on moves to arrest him. Recall that the Federal Government had last Friday filed an application through Loveme Odubo of the Department of Public Prosecution of the Federation, Federal Ministry of… In "News"