A photo of the Chief Executive Officer, AutoEase services in Enugu State, Mr. Ifeanyi Okeke murdered in front of his 7-year-old son has been revealed.  The victim, according to the spokesman of the Police in the State, ASP Daniel Ndukwe, was gunned down by yet to be identified persons on Sunday night while on his way to his house located at Brick Estate, by Ekweremadu Drive, Independence Layout Enugu. He was said to have been murdered in the presence of his 7-year-old son who he had gone to pick from a barbing salon. The source said the assailants hit his car from the back and that when he came out to find out who hit his car, he was marched to lie down on the floor, shot on the leg and stomach. It was learnt that he was rushed to a Hospital, where he was confirmed dead. Confirming the incident, the Police Public Relations Officer, Ndukwe said operatives attached to the Layout’s Police Division, immediately raced to the scene upon receipt of a distress call. He added that, “on sighting the Operatives, the criminal elements fled, while their victim, later identified as Ifeanyi Okeke, whom they shot severally, was rushed to the nearest hospital, where he was confirmed dead by Doctors on duty. “The Commissioner of Police, CP Mohammed Ndatsu Aliyu, psc, has ordered the State CID to launch a full-scale investigation and manhunt of the criminal elements in view of bringing them to book. “He calls on members of the public with useful information that will lead to the arrest of the criminals, to volunteer same at the nearest Police Station or by calling the Command’s emergency hotlines on: 08032003702, 08075390883, 08086671202 or 08098880172 They can also send e-mails to contact042ppro@gmail.com, please.”  Source The gruesome murder of Mr Ifeanyi Okeke, the Chief Executive Officer, AutoEase services in Enugu State has been confirmed by the Enugu state police command. The victim, according to the spokesman of the Police in the State, ASP Daniel Ndukwe, was gunned down by yet to be identified persons on… In "News" By Stanley Nwanosike Enugu - The Police in Enugu State say they arrested a 28-year-old Ghanaian, Emmanuel Opoku, for allegedly bathing his lover, Chiamaka Ngwu, 25, with hot water. The Command’s Public Relations Officer, ASP Daniel Ndukwe, said in a statement on Thursday in Enugu. Ndukwe said that the suspect… In "News" The Enugu State Police Command on Monday said it arrested a middle-aged man, Abba Kyari Mohammed, for assault and alleged rape of a 68-year-old woman in Umulungbe Community in the Udi Local Government Area of Enugu State. The suspected rapist, who hails from Jalingo, Taraba State, was said to have… In "Metro"