The proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has accused President Uhuru Kenyatta of Kenya and his Government over alleged role in abduction of its leader, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu and subsequent ‘smuggling’ into Nigeria by security agents.  The group threatened to sue Kenyatta and his ‘partners in crime’ to the International Criminal Court, ICC. In a statement from the Media and Publicity Secretary, Emma Powerful, IPOB noted that the Kenyan President, through such act, had demonstrated his affection for the murderous Fulani terrorists ravaging the entire Nigeria killing and maiming indigenous people in their ancestral lands. It called on Biafrans both home and in the diaspora to boycott travels with Kenya Air Lines, to immediately stop patronising any product made in Kenya; and to boycott any business dealings with Kenyans. The group also urged its members and the public to disregard what it termed cock and bull story about how and where its leader was arrested, insisting that he was not arrested, but abducted. The statement read partly, “We the global movement of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) ably led by our great and indomitable leader, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, express our disappointment with President Uhuru Kenyatta of Kenya and his Government over his role in the abduction of our Leader, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu and his subsequent smuggling into Nigeria by the wicked Nigeria security agents. “Based on our preliminary findings, President Uhuru Kenyatta was very instrumental to the abduction of our Leader in Kenya. The action of Uhuru Kenyatta against Nnamdi Kanu and Biafrans at large is a clear violation of the 1949 Geneva Convention, and United Nations Code. Read Also: We trailed Nnamdi Kanu for over 2 years before his re-arrest – FG“We still don’t understand why Uhuru kenyatta and some corrupt officials of his Government would prefer to betray Nnamdi Kanu and Biafrans? Is it because of Nigeria oil money? Is it because of the paltry N100 million bounty placed on Kanu’s head by some Northern charlatans? Why will President Uhuru Kenyetta sell our leader Mazi Nnamdi to the evil hands of Nigerian government? “It is so shameful that Uhuru kenyatta would belittle himself in a manner he has just done. By this wickedness and grievous sin, Uhuru kenyatta has demonstrated his affection for the murderous Fulani terrorists ravaging the entire Nigeria killing and maming indigenous people in their ancestral lands. “Uhuru kenyatta and his partners in crime should get ready to meet us at the International Criminal Court, ICC. This act of terror against our Leader, Nnamdi Kanu, a NATO citizen, British citizen with British International Passport and member of other international organizations will not go unpunished. “As we continue with our investigations into this crime with a view to unmasking all the collaborators, we announce the following interim actions until further notice: “We call on all Biafrans both home and in the diaspora to boycott travels with Kenya Air Lines; to immediately stop patronising any product made in Kenya; and to boycott any business dealings with Kenyans. We cannot be relating friendly with anyone collaborating with our oppressors to keep us in perpetual slavery! “We also want to urge all Biafrans and members of the public to disregard all the concocted rubbish the wicked Nigeria Government and their agents have been peddling about how and where our leader was arrested. He was never arrested but abuducted. “All these cock and bull story is to twist facts and blackmail our selfless leader who they have seen as the major obstacle against their agenda to completely Islamise and Fulani Nigeria. Nobody should believe these lies. They are only intended to demarket our Leader and puncture his global reputation and teeming followership. “The global family of IPOB reaffirm our unalloyed loyalty, belief and confidence in our leader Nnamdi Kanu. Biafrans are united behind him in his current ordeals in the hands of our oppressors. We also wish to remind the Nigeria Government that nothing should happen to our leader Mazi Nnamdi Kanu.”   Source By Jean Ambele Abuja -   Mr Michael Osogbo, former Humanitarian Assistant Officer of the UN, has said that the behaviour of Kenyan opposition leader, Raila Odinga, is unacceptable, especially for a presidential candidate. Osogbo made this known in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Saturday… In "Foreign" NAIROBI   - A surprise handshake between President Uhuru Kenyatta and opposition leader Raila Odinga has stirred up Kenyan politics as the long-time rivals set their sights on the 2022 elections. Less than a year since Kenyatta was re-elected to a second and final term in a vote that Odinga… In "Foreign" Olalekan Adetayo, Abuja   The Acting President, Yemi Osinbajo, on Sunday congratulated President Uhuru Kenyatta on his re-election as President of the Republic of Kenya. According to a statement by his Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, Mr. Laolu Akande, the Acting President’s congratulatory message was contained in a… In "Foreign"