LAGOS – Nigerian youths are gradually embracing the first phase of the online empowerment programmes recently unveiled by Zigzag Nation, the burgeoning online universe with origins in Nigeria and roots all over Africa. The focus of this first phase of an all-encompassing empowerment programme for Nigerian youths is two-fold; job creation and self-employment. At the last count, an array of Nigerian youths from all facets of life are signing on to be part of the empowerment programmes. A discernible trend that excites to no end is the appreciation of the fact that more female youths have already signed on than their male counterpart. This trend is indicative of the effectiveness of the empowerment programmes as the general belief is that the female flock are more investment savvy, prudent, cost conscious and savings inclined Noteworthy is the fact that prospective beneficiaries of either the current self-employment or job creation programmes require a dedicated phone number for which five working days a week are available for its activation. To ease the process, Zigzag Nation has partnered with frontline mobile operator 9mobile to facilitate the assigning and activation of phone numbers for the prospective beneficiaries.  Each number will be attached a SIM card for easy and low cost communication.  SIM cards will also be availed every prospect including family and friends made to be part of the programme who will in turn enjoy Unlimited calls to all members, 1.5GB data and 2 way authentication for security. On how more Nigerian youths can maximize the ample benefits inherent in  Zigzag Nation, its founding father and chief visioner Obafemi Giwa Amu, avowed that prospective beneficiaries will be placed in groups,   each group  will set up their Savings group chat box showing all members and their status, total amount pooled, and access to borrow funds in less than one minute. He further disclosed that group members will also have access to start-up funds after one year of membership. The Savings – Ésusu/Ajo/Adashe group chat is available for each group where their meeting is conducted and information made available to members of that group. Giwa Amu noted that through Savings with notable banks that are financial partners of Zigzag Nation, each individual will have a savings within his own group with 10% per annum interest as a starting rate. After 6 months, each member can avail themselves of daily, weekly or monthly loans depending on the business model. An expenditure account will also be made available and each beneficiary will be given a virtual card. Additionally, members of the Zigzag Online community stand to benefit from unfettered access to the Zigzag online education library opening by September to upscale their skills in loans acquisition, Enterprise set up and business development, Giwa Amu surmised. Burgeoning online universe with origins in Nigeria and roots all over Africa, the Zigzag Nation, has commenced a detailed, systematic and rewarding empowerment programme for Nigerians. The focus of this first phase of an all-encompassing empowerment programme for Nigerians is three-fold; quick and easy access to finance for businesses, job… In "Technology" The Northern Emancipation Network, NEN, has described the Central Bank of Nigeria’s, CBN, Anchor Borrowers Programme and other youth empowerment schemes as well-thought and timely. Speaking at a northern youth consultative meeting in Kaduna on Thursday, the NEN coordinator, Abdul-Azeez Suleiman, said the programme was the first of its kind… In "Business" By David Adeoye   Ibadan   -     The National Orientation Agency (NOA) in Oyo State, has urged youths to develop passion for employable skills that will make them self-reliant. Mrs Dolapo Dosunmu, the Director of NOA in the state, gave the advice during a Youth Empowerment Seminar on “Conversion of Petrol/Diesel… In "News"