By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –   President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, has announced the composition of the conference committee on the Petroleum Industry Bill. The announcement was made on Tuesday at the start of plenary. The members of the conference committee include: Senate Leader Yahaya Abdullahi – Chairman; Senators Mohammed Sabo – North West; Albert Bassey Akpan – South South; Danjuma Goje – North East; Opeyemi Bamidele – South West; Stella Oduah – South East; Gabriel Suswam – North Central. Lawan charged members of the conference committee to meet with their counterparts in the House of Representatives to enable the National Assembly come up with a final document on the PIB for transmission to the Executive arm of government. He said, “The conference committee will meet with our counterparts in the House, the House will also announce the composition of the conference committee, and we hope that they will swing into action immediately, so that we are able to have the final document of the PIB which we will transmit for the presidential assent. “So, we expect our delegation here under the leadership of the Senate Leader to engage with our colleagues in the House of Representatives.” By Harrison Arubu Abuja -   The Senate on Tuesday stepped down confirmation of four nominees as members of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) Board. Also suspended was the confirmation of the Chairman and members of the Board of the Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Commission… In "Politics" By Harrison Arubu Abuja -   The Senate on Thursday confirmed the appointment of Prof. Bolaji Owasanoye as Chairman of the Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Commission (ICPC). Owasanoye, a professor of law and indigene of Ondo, takes over from Ekpo Nta, whose five-year tenure expired in September,… In "Politics" By Cecilia Ijuo Abuja - The Senate on Tuesday confirmed the appointment of Maj.-Gen. Paul Tarfa (rtd.) as Chairman of the North East Development Commission (NEDC). The Upper Chamber also confirmed the appointment of Mohammed Alkali as the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of the NEDC alongside nine members.… In "News"