The assent of the Petroleum Industry Bill by the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), will put an end to petrol subsidy in Nigeria, the Minister of State for Petroleum Resources, Chief Timipre Sylva, announced on Monday.  Sylva announced this while speaking at the Nigeria/Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries: 50 Years of Partnership press conference in Abuja. He insisted that it was best for Nigeria that the Federal Government discontinued subsidy on petrol, stressing that the recently passed PIB had no provision for subsidy. The minister said, “This (subsidy removal) is desirable for the interest and growth of Nigeria. Of course, everybody will have their perspectives, but from where I sit, I believe that subsidy removal is the best thing for Nigeria, not just the industry. “So far, the discussions with stakeholders are still ongoing. But I will also bring it to your attention that today, when the President assents to the PIB, subsidy will become a matter of law, because it is already in the PIB that petroleum products will be sold at market determined prices.” Sylva added, “The removal of subsidy has the potential of unlocking a lot more funds for deployment to development. Unfortunately, what we are doing by way of subsidy is like cutting our nose to spite our face.” Seek amendments after assent to PIB, National Assembly tells Southern govs, othersThe petroleum minister further noted that the government would begin the rehabilitation of the Warri and Kaduna refineries soon in order to increase domestic refining of petrol and to cushion the impact of subsidy removal. He said the OPEC quota given to Nigeria for crude oil production in June 2021 was 1.554 million barrels per day and that the quota system had helped in balancing oil prices globally.  Source Subsidy on petrol will soon be withdrawn, Minister of State for Petroleum Timipre Sylva, said yesterday. The minister told reporters there is no going back on the decision because the government can no longer afford it. Sylva explained that although withdrawal of subsidy will be painful initially, it will pay… In "Features" •Chief Timipre Sylva, Minister of State, Petroleum Resources The evening was exciting, glamourous, refreshing and enervating. That was the night of Thursday, May 20, 2021, when BusinessDay, one of Nigeria’s foremost business newspapers, recognised the exploits of the Minister of State for Petroleum Resources, Chief Timipre Sylva, and honoured him… In "Opinion" Minister of State for Petroleum Resources, Timipre Sylva has confessed that the federal government has not yet completedly remove fuel subsidy. Sylva revealed this on Monday while appearing as a guest on Channels Television’s Politics. The minister expressd that President Muhammadu Buhari-administration has begun the process of petroleum deregulation. According… In "News"