The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has dismissed the viral report on the disqualification of the All Progressives Congress (APC) governorship primaries in Anambra State, as a mere ruse.  Chief Press Secretary to INEC Chairman Rotimi Oyekanmi, discredited the reports stating that “the circulation purportedly from INEC disqualifying the primaries of a political party, when we issue a statement you know the source, Festus Okoye signs our official statement, have we issued any official statement saying that any political party has been disqualified.” According to him, all these rookie journalists seeking attention, how can you just pick up a paper and you didn’t see the INEC logo on it, that thing should have been concocted by someone and claiming that it is from INEC. “Another thing you should know is that if we send people to monitor primaries of political parties, they are expected to write a report but that report is not for public consumption. It is supposed to be an internal report and even anyone is found acting on that report, he should be arrested because he stole the report.”  Source The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has dismissed viral report on the disqualification of the All Progressives Congress (APC) governorship primaries in Anambra State, saying “it is a mere ruse.” Chief Press Secretary to INEC Chairman Rotimi Oyekanmi, discredited the reports stating that, “when we issue a statement you know… In "Politics" By Segun Giwa Akure - A faction of the Social Democratic Party (SDP) in Ondo State has urged INEC to announce its preferred candidate out of the two candidates presented to it for the Oct. 10 governorship election.A lawmaker representing Idanre/Ifedore federal constituency, Tajudeen Adefisoye, said this in the statement… In "Politics" Lawmaker representing Kaura Namoda/Birnin Magaji federal constituency at the House of Representatives and one of the governorship aspirants of the APC in Zamfara State, Hon Sani Jaji Aminu  has assured that there is no cause for alarm as he is assured that Zamfara All Progressives Congress (APC) will field candidates… In "Interview"