Many Nigerian celebrities have taken to social media to mourn the heartbreaking death of singer Olanrewaju Fasasi, popularly known as Sound Sultan.  He died at the age of 44 after a hard-fought battle with Angioimmunoblastic T-Cell Lymphoma. He is survived by his wife, three children and siblings The news of his death was received with shock by his colleagues in the entertainment industry. Afrobeat musician, Femi Kuti who dropped a comment on the last post shared on Instagram by the deceased said, “I am shocked and very SAD reading this news ( in the daily punch newspaper)of the passing of Sound Sultan (HE IS FAMILY) I pray our Creator to give his family strength at this time.” Efe Omorogbe, the manager of singer 2baba said, “Rest in glory my brother @soundsultan. You’ll live forever in our hearts. Allah gives.” Comedian Mr Macaroni said, “This is so painful. Rest In Peace Legend!! May God grant his family, friends and fans worldwide the fortitude to bear this tragic loss.” Former Plantashun Boiz singer, Faze said, “Too good to be gone. Worse Sunday ever. RIP my brother and friend.” Singer Nikki Laoye who found the news hard to believe wrote on the singer’s IG comment section, “My brother, gosh, pls say something. Hope this isn’t true. We still chatted recently.” Record label executive, Ubi Franklin also couldn’t believe the news. “What is going on please? Sound sultan? How?” he asked. Other Nigerians also reacted to the news of the singer’s death. On Twitter, Blogger Japhet Omojuwa qualified the news as “terrible”, while wishing his family “love and prayers. He wrote, “Such a sad thing to wake up to, the passing of Sound Sultan. He was a class act through and through. May his soul rest in peace. Love and prayers to everyone he left behind. Terrible news.” Lawmaker, Oloye Akin Alabi also expressed shock at the news. He wrote, “The news of the death of Sound Sultan shocked my whole being. Great all-round guy. Too early to leave this earth. A very bad day.”  Source Popular Nigerian singer, Sound Sultan’s last post on his Instagram page before his sad death has stirred reactions on social media. The music legend, who passed on after battling with Angioimmunoblastic T-cell Lymphoma, had on July 3rd shared a song from Patoranking. Part of the lyrics of the song read:… In "Social Media Feeds" By Anita Eboigbe   Abuja    -     Former President Olusegun Obasanjo, has commiserated with popular singer, Daniel Oyebanjo, a.k.a Dbanj over the death of his son David Jnr. Dbanj confirmed the death of David, fondly referred to as Daniel the 3rd on Sunday night on his Instagram page. Sharing a black… In "News" Some Nollywood artistes on Thursday paid tribute to their late colleague, Rasheed Abu, who died of an unknown illness. The actor’s death was announced by his friend and colleague, Yomi Gold, on Thursday on his instagram handle (iamyomigold). Most of the artistes took to their instagram handles to mourn the… In "Entertainment"