KATSINA – Katsina State Governor Aminu Bello Masari has offered automatic employment to 33 first-class graduates of the state-owned Umaru Musa Yar’adua University (UMYU). The chairman, Katsina National Talent Hunt Challenge (KNTHC), Faisal Jafar Rafindadi, disclosed this Friday evening at the state Government House press centre while briefing pressmen on the achievement of the initiative and preparation for the forthcoming Talent Hunt competition. The 33 first-class graduates offered automatic employment into the state civil service comprised of all first-class students of Katsina State extraction who graduated from the state university between years 2020 and 2021. Rafindadi said the decision is geared towards injecting fresh blood into the state civil service system in order to produce quality service output. The KNTHC chairman who said government partnering with youth is one of the cardinal objectives of the Masari led government commended Governor Masari for his foresight, and commitment towards initiating this noble idea under the auspices of the Katsina National Talent Hunt Challenge (KNTHC) competition. He equally said the talent hunt challenge project is aimed at encouraging innovations and developing the talents and potentials of youths of the state and Nigeria at large. Rafindadi announced that the first position in the Katsina National Talent Hunt Challenge will receive the sum of N5 million, while the 2nd and 3rd position will get N3 million and N1 million, respectively. He also said handsome rewards would be given to the top 100 participants in the competition. (Agency report) Umaru Musa Yar’Adua University, UMYU second Convocation Ceremony date and investiture of the Chancellor have been announced. The programme of events have also been released in full. On behalf of the governing council and senate of Umaru Musa Yar’adua University Katsina, the Vice-chancellor Professor Idris Isa Funtua, wishes to invite parents and… In "Education" By Shehu Danjuma Katsina - The Katsina State Government has approved the employment of 1,000 security guards for all boarding secondary schools to secure lives and property of students. Gov. Aminu Masari disclosed this during the Third Convocation ceremony of the Umaru Musa Yar’adua University, Katsina on Saturday. Masari said… In "News" By Ibrahim M Abdullah (Sundiata Post) - Education is said to be the instrument of societal positive change, it us a tool used in learning and disseminating the learned, imperative is the human Element involved in the process, hence, the Teacher. A teacher is that person who had dedicated his… In "Features"