The Governor of Kaduna State, Nasir El-Rufai, has said the way bandits and Boko Haram terrorists operate is different from that of the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra led by Nnamdi Kanu.  Speaking to BBC Pidgin, El-Rufai stated that bandits are not calling for the break up of Nigeria but are just carrying out their activities as a form of business. He said unlike IPOB which is led by Nnamdi Kanu, bandits have no centralised leadership. The governor said, “I was very happy (when Nnamdi Kanu was arrested) because, first he jumped bail, jeopardising his sureties. “Secondly, a person that challenges the sovereignty and the authority of a state and incites violence; he refers to his own country as a zoo. “This should be a message to all these separatists challenging the authority of the Nigerian State to be very careful.” Asked if Boko Haram and bandits should be treated with the same swiftness that led to Kanu’s arrest, El-Rufai said, “No! No! No! No! People are comparing apples to oranges. “Nnamdi Kanu is the leader of IPOB, a proscribed organisation. He is identifiable, in constant communication and everyone knows where he is. “Let’s take Boko Haram for instance. Shekau was in hiding and for the past 10 years and the military had been waging a war to get him. “It is not like Shekau was in Saudi Arabia, sitting in one place, tweeting about the break up of Nigeria or asking Boko Haram to go and kill Helen and Nasir el-Rufai. “Nnamdi Kanu is in one place while Shekau is waging guerrilla warfare. The insurgency is still going on and the Federal Government is not giving up. “Regarding bandits, they are not centralised under one leadership. Who is the head of the bandits? Who is the equivanlent of Nmandi Kanu with banditry? “Bandits are just collections of independent criminals. It is a business for them. It is not a case of Nigeria must break up. “I want to challenge anyone to tell me the central leader of bandits in the same position as Kanu.”   Source The spate of insecurity in the country assumed a more dangerous dimension on Monday as Boko Haram insurgents made inroads into Niger State and gunmen killed two students of Greenfield University in Kaduna state. Also on Monday, the Vice-Chancellor of the Federal University of Agriculture, Makurdi, Benue State, Professor Richard… In "News" A security outfit to protect the Southern region has been launched by the Indigenous People of Biafra. The leader of IPOB, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu made the announcement via his Facebook page and called the group, the Eastern Security Network (ESN). According to Kanu, during a live Facebook post, ESN was… In "News" Immediate past Nigeria’s Chief of Army Staff, General Onyeabor Azubuike Ihejirika has replied former Minister of FCT, Mallam Nasir El Rufai on his allegation that the former army general was one of the chief sponsors of the Boko Haram sect. The former army boss said El Rufail is one of… In "News"