LAGOS – The Leader of of INRI Evangelical Spiritual Church, Primate Elijah Ayodele, has said he was not shocked by the death of philanthropist and founder of Synagogue Church of All Nations, Prophet Temitope Balogun Joshua. T.B. Joshua, as televangelist was popularly called, died on June 5, 2021, a few days to his 58th birthday. In a chat with newsmen on Saturday at the church auditorium in Oke-Afa, Lagos, the Primate revealed that God spoke to him about the death of the clergyman in February. According to him, he prayed for God to avert the death of the late prophet.Ayodele said: “I am not surprised about it, but you know in Christendom, Christian leaders don’t have good relationship.“To be honest, there’s too much jealousy among the pastors. “That’s why I told you upfront that there is nothing like Christian Association of Nigeria, Pentecostal Fellowship of Nigeria or Association of Aladura. “They are just worldly organisations. “For me, I am not shocked or surprised to hear of his death. “I knew that it would happen. “And that was why in February this year, when the Lord spoke about it, I didn’t know how to reach him or get in touch with him. “I didn’t know what to do so I just had to keep it to myself and do what I could do, which is to pray that God should avert it. “I wish I had seen him personally. “I had one encounter with him in the past, whereby we spoke and I wanted to do a follow up but, he was not picking his calls. “So, I stopped because by the time you start trying to build a relationship with someone, who is giving you some distance, then you keep to yourself. “However, I am not shocked that it happened.” (TheEagleonline) Many very prominent Nigerian pastors have, until this moment, refused to react to the sudden death of their colleague in the ‘kingdom assignment’, Prophet Temitope Balogun Joshua. T.B Joshua, a leading pastor in Nigeria, and Africa including Asia, whose prowess in performing miracles brought tourists from around Europe, America and… In "News" •Late Prophet T.B. Joshua LAGOS - Pastor Enoch Adeboye, General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God; Pastor William Kumuyi, General Overseer of Deeper Life Bible Church and Pastor Lazarus Muoka of the Lords Chosen are among top pastors and religious leaders that were absent as the founder of… In "Top Stories" Prophet Temitope Balogun, simply known as T.B Joshua of the Synagogue Church of All Nations, has warned Christians against the belief that they cannot be touched by the infectious Coronavirus disease. TB Joshua gave the warning while responding to a question on whether a real Christian can contact COVID-19, on… In "News"