Former gubernatorial aspirant of the All Progressives Congress in Gombe State, Muhammad Barde, on Monday, defected to the Peoples Democratic Party, claiming “bad governance” as the sole reason for his defection.  He revealed that he defected in February 2021 when he failed to revalidate his membership with the governing party. Barde said, “I have formally come to pay my respect to our great party, I left APC when the party asked its members to go through a revalidation exercise. Eventually, I took the membership of the party PDP on February 2nd 2021. “I’m not leaving APC for any reason other than bad governance. What we are witnessing is a government of a person, by a person, and for a person, not a government of the people, for the people, and by the people. “At the appropriate time, we will tell indigenes of Gombe State that self-aggrandising and accumulation of wealth by one individual can not solve our problem and we are prepared to protect our commonwealth.” Barde lamented the consistent interference by the current administration in the traditional institution, referring to the government’s utterance as callous. “This administration has engaged in callous statement, which goes as far as inciting unrest in the state; from Tangale Waja to Dukku and Yalmatu Deba LGAs, we are all one people in this state. We are interwoven, inter-related. “Leadership is a sacred trust by our forefathers, that trust must be carried along and must be protected if need be at whatever cost. “When you have government inciting violence, that doesn’t care about the development of the youths, that doesn’t give opportunity to women and girls; when you have a leadership that thrives on threats, our answer to them is clear – PDP will form government in 2023. “Our traditional institution is sacred and we are prepared to protect at all cost. What we want is respect for our traditional institutions that have established these Emirates,” Barde said. Commenting on the decay in healthcare services in the state, he noted that the mortality rate is on the increase in the state, linking poor budgetary allocation in feeding students to poor academic performance. He added, “The maternal and infant mortality rate in the state speaks volumes, the rate of our infrastructure in the state particularly in the healthcare as well as other social services.   Source By Yemi Adeleye   Lagos   -      No fewer than 1500 members of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Oshodi-Isolo Local Government Area of Lagos State on Friday defected to the All Progressives Congress(APC). The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the defectors were received by Mr… In "Politics" A founding member of the APC in Kaduna, Mallam Isah Dansallah, attributes the lack of good governance in the APC for his defection to the PDP - The former APC chieftain says the party has not met the needs of the Nigerian people - A former speaker of the Taraba… In "Top Stories" By Ariwodola Idowu Ado Ekiti - The All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ekiti received a boost in membership on Friday when elected members of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP)defected to it. No fewer than seven serving local government chairmen and 42 councillors elected on the platform of PDP joined the… In "Politics"