 Dr Michael Tidi, the Chairman of Warri South Local Government Area of Delta, has sympathised with the victims of the early Wednesday’s morning inferno that razed some makeshift structures belonging to the Arewa Settlers at Ubeji community. Tidi, who made an on-the-spot assessment to the scene on Wednesday in Warri, however,directed that the occupants of the structures should furniture his office with the kind of businesses they were into there. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the structures which allegedly caught fire at about 4:00 a.m. on Wednesday was quickly prevented by residents in the area from spreading to other residential buildings. “I am here for an on-the-spot assessment to see the extent of damage caused by the early morning fire on the makeshift structures. “I sympathise with the victims. My administration is determined to know the kind of businesses the occupants do in the makeshift structures,” Tidi said. However, an eyewitness told newsmen that the cause of the fire could not be ascertained but the timely response by the residents prevented the situation from extending to a storey building under construction. “Over 350 bags of cement meant for the storey building were affected,” the witness said. (NAN) Lagos  -  No less than 150 makeshift structures were gutted by fire that started late Friday night at Kano Street, Ebute-Meta area of Lagos State, the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports. Similarly, another fire incident gutted goods worth millions of naira at the Nigeria Customs Service (NCS) training school’s… In "Metro" Chairman of Warri South Local Government Area, Dr. Michael Tidi, has felicitated with the people of Warri South Local Government and other well-meaning Nigerians on the celebration of Christmas today, Wednesday, December 25, 2019. He said in his Christmas message that “the birth of Jesus Christ should remind everyone of… In "News" LAGOS - Gov. Babatunde Fashola of Lagos State says the state government will assist traders who lost[pro_ad_display_adzone id="10"] their shops and wares to Monday`s fire incident at the Balogun Market to get back to business. Fashola made the pledge on Tuesday when he visited the scene of the incident to… In "News"