 Taraba Government, on Wednesday, announced the promotion and transfer of the state Chairman, Nigeria Union of Teachers (NUT), Mr Peter Vau from teaching to administration. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Vau’s promotion and transfer was contained in a statement issued by Chairman, Taraba State Universal Education Board (SUBEB), Mr Yakubu Agbaizu, in Jalingo. According to the statement, the promotion is in recognition of Vau’s dedication to service, particularly as the state NUT chairman. “I write to convey approval for your immediate transfer/posting from teaching to admin cadre and consequently, you are hereby posted to Lau Local Government Education Authority (LGEA) for your assignment. “Thus, the Education Secretary Lau will post you appropriately, in line with this directive. “Similarly, I have also been directed to convey Executive’s approval for your immediate promotion to the rank of Assistant Director on GL 15, with immediate effect. “This promotion is in recognition of your dedication to service of Taraba, particularly in your union (NUT). This gesture takes effect from July 1,” Agbaizu said. The SUBEB chairman congratulated Vau ‘on this well-deserved promotion’ and wished him best of luck in all his future endeavours. Reacting to the development, Vau said that he had assumed his new office, adding, however, that he still remained the state NUT chairman. (NAN) LAGOS - The Lagos State Chapter of the Nigeria Union of Teachers (NUT) said on Tuesday that the teachers’ competency framework was a consensus among stakeholders in the state to enhance professionalism. The Lagos state government had on March 26, organised a sensitisation seminar for stakeholders in the state on… In "News" Demoted Abia Headmistress: We Are Investigating Incident – Commissioner In "News" Abakaliki- Gov. David Umahi of Ebonyi has directed that teachers who absented themselves from work for five times in a term should be sacked. Umahi, who gave the directive when he inaugurated the newly constructed headquarters of Nigerian Union of Teachers (NUT) in Abakaliki on Friday, said those who absented themselves… In "News"