By Our Reporter Abuja (Sundiata Post) –   The Kwara State Governor, AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq is now set to engage the first batch of 1, 638 vulnerable Youths and Women from poor households for immediate employment in social works across the 16 Local Government Areas of the State. This was contained in a statement signed by Athe Information, Education & Communication Officer (IEC),Kwara State NG-CARES (LIPW) Office, Olayinka Jimoh Salau made available to Sundiata Post. According to the statement, the prospective beneficiaries, who are mainly unskilled Youths and Women from 18-45 years of age with educational qualification of SS3 Certificate or below, would be enrolled under the State Labour Intensive Public Workfare (LIPW) Delivery Platform of the Nigeria Covid-19 Action Recovery and Economic Stimulus (NG-CARES). NG-CARES, which is a new initiative of the World Bank supported Programme in partnership with the Kwara State Government, was designed to provide immediate employment opportunity in social sectors to mitigate the effect of Covid-19 Pandemic especially on the poorest of the poor households in the State in particular and Nigeria in general within two years. The Technical Head of LIPW Delivery Platform in the State, Alh. Shamsideen Aregbe in a statement said the Orientation, Validation, Enrolment and Bank Account Opening Programme for the prospective beneficiaries of the scheme would kickstart at Araromi-Opin, headquarters of Ekiti Local Government on Wednesday July 14, and thereafter move to other Local Government Areas in quick succession. According to him, the selected beneficiaries of the scheme had been drawn from the National Social Safety Nets Coordinating Office (NASSCO) Social Single Register (SSR), domiciled at the State Operation Coordinating Unit (SOCU). The beneficiaries, Aregbe stated further are expected, among others, to clean and maintain public institutions and utilities, garbage and refuse collection and waste disposal, traffic control and repair of primary health centres, adding that they are to work within their immediate communities for four hours daily and 20 days in a month. As compensation in return, each beneficiary would be paid the sum of N10, 000 monthly stipends for 12 calendar months after which another batch of 1, 638 new beneficiaries would be absorbed for one year again during which the scheme is expected to come to an end, Aregbe said. The three weeks intensive Orientation, Validation, Enrolment and Bank Account Opening Programme is expected to be rounded off at a grand finale ceremony by July ending at Ilorin West Local Government Secretariat. It would be recalled that staff of LIPW Delivery Platform had recently completed partnership building/sensitization visit to stakeholders and Community Vocal Persons in the 16 Local Government Councils, which signalled the commencement of Orientation Programme in the State.  OWERRI - Governor Hope Uzodimma of Imo State has flagged-off Imo-CARES, the state's version of the Federal Government's NG-CARES programme meant to cushion the devastating effect of the Covid-19 pandemic on the citizens. It was another laudable effort by Governor Uzodimma to attend to the needs of the poor and… In "News" LORIN (Sundiata Post) - Ahead of the May 29 inauguration in which he will take oath of office for a second tenure, Governor Abdulfatah Ahmed of Kwara State has approved the immediate dissolution of the State Executive Council. Also affected by the dissolution are special advisers, senior special assistants, apecial… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Senate President, Dr. Bukola Saraki on Tuesday night told President Muhammadu Buhari that Kwara state is a no-go area for the All Progressives Congress (APC) in this coming elections. Saraki said this while addressing a crowd of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) supporters at… In "Top Stories"