 Australian tennis star Nick Kyrgios has pulled out of the Tokyo Olympics, indicating he was not motivated to play in empty arenas due to the coronavirus. Kyrgios indicated he was carrying minor health issues which he would work on while resting from the Games. The 26-year-old tweeted: “It’s a decision I didn’t make lightly. It’s been my dream to represent Australia at the Olympics and I know I may never get that opportunity again. “But I also know myself. The thought of playing in front of empty stadiums just doesn’t sit right with me. It never has.” Olympic organisers have banned all crowds from the Games, which start on July 23, amid Tokyo’s continuing state of emergency due to the pandemic. Kyrgios added: “I also wouldn’t want to take an opportunity away from a healthy Aussie athlete ready to represent the country,” he posted. “I will also take all the time I need to get my body right.” The world number 60 retired after two sets of his Wimbledon third-round match with Felix Auger-Aliassime last Saturday citing an abdominal injury. Australian Olympic officials were expected to meet to discuss a replacement for Kyrgios. The country originally selected 11 tennis players for the Games, including women’s world number one Ash Barty. The Wimbledon final-bound Barty was one of the first players to withdraw from last year’s US Open amid some of the more critical months of the pandemic in that country. She has previously said she was committed to representing Australia in Tokyo, although that came before officials called the city’s ongoing state of emergency. (NAN) LAGOS- Players at the Ayangburen U-15 Baseball and Softball Championships on Saturday called for more competitions to prepare them for the 2020 Olympic Games in Japan. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the competition was organised by Baseline Foundation to mark the one year coronation of the… In "Sports" - Andy Murray announced on Monday he would not play singles at the U.S. Open after losing in his long-awaited return from hip surgery at the Cincinnati Masters. The Scot lost 6-4 6-4 to Richard Gasquet in his first singles match since January before saying he had turned down a… In "Sports" Lagos - Nigeria will not participate in the female category of the Perfect World Teams Table Tennis Championships in Malaysia which holds from Feb. 28 to March 6. Nigeria’s absence in that category of the Olympic qualifiers is caused by the perennial problem of paucity of funds, a development that… In "Sports"