Popular Nigerian singer, Sound Sultan’s last post on his Instagram page before his sad death has stirred reactions on social media.  The music legend, who passed on after battling with Angioimmunoblastic T-cell Lymphoma, had on July 3rd shared a song from Patoranking. Part of the lyrics of the song read: “Celebrte me now wey I Dey alive. Appreciate me, now when I dey alive. No be say when I leave this life, you go dey fake am for my back.” The announcement of his death is coming a week after his post on Instagram. This stirred reactions from Nigerians on social media who accused those celebrating his music and making comments about him after death of being hypocritical. His previous post before his last post had just 47 comments on his Instagram page but his last post after his death is flooded with 4000 and counting comments mourning him. Here are some comments gathered by DAILY POST from Twitter; @Akorede “Being checking Sound Sultan post no encouraging engagement till he died today and his last post was “Celebrate me while I’m still alive not when I’m gone” Nigerian showing sympathy after things gone wrong , Fake ass celebrities.” @O_alalade “But For real Sound Sultan was passing across a message to everyone on July 3 with that Patoranking song, see people celebrating him after he don die now..Abeg let’s celebrate each other wen we still Dey alive jare.. RIP legend.” @_AsiwajuLerry “His last post on IG, He knew! You’ll forever be celebrated as a Legend, RIP Sound Sultan.” @AbdulKamar “Watch how Sound Sultan’s page will start to Rise , His number of followers and Likes will Increase. Give these Guys their flowers while they are here , No dey celebrate them when they die.” @Bagwell “I wish we celebrated our legends more when they were alive. RIP Sound Sultan.” @Deleolufuye “Sound Sultan bowed out with this message. Let’s celebrate our people while they are still alive. Rest in peace @Soundsultan You’ll forever be celebrated.” @Holudaray “So, do people truly know when they are about to die for real? Sound sultan’s last post on Instagram.Rest in the Lord champ.” @Olamiflexy “Sound Sultan Last post in IG speaks Volume about life. REST LEGEND.” @Yewandeosamein “Sound Sultan’s last post was Patoranking’s song – ‘Celebrate me’. The irony. Let’s all learn to celebrate one another whilst we are all here. I for one am glad I got to celebrate you whilst you were alive and will continue to. A legend. Rest in perfect peace our Naija Ninja.” @SeniormanOA “People get sad when they hear about the death of parents who weren’t in their lives. I was very sad the day our neighbor died and I don’t even know or talk to the man. Let people celebrate sound sultan if they want.Some of us grew up on some of his songs.” @Vikinana “Sound Sultan knew he was going to die. His last post on IG says it all. RIP Legend! @Spunkycece “Sound Sultan’s last post on Instagram makes more sense now. #RIPSoundSultanYou lived well. Couldn’t have done it any better, King.” @Akinakinyo “The last post of Sound Sultan on IG rolled a tear down my cheek!” Daddy Showkey took to his IG page this morning to blast singing duo, Anthonio Akpos Dixon and Andre Andos Dixon aka Mamuzee twins for abandoning their mother until she died and then rushing to their social media pages to mourn her. The singing duo lost their mum recently and Andre took… In "Entertainment" DON JAZZY, Chidinma, Iyanya and Sound Sultan are some of the celebritiess that have extended their endorsement contracts with the telecommunications giant, MTN, by another year. Don Baba J as the Mavin Record boss is called and the Kukere master, on Tuesday, May 12, signed the dotted lines again with… In "Entertainment" Nigerians have taken to social media to lambast musician, Burna Boy for acting unbothered in the face of cheating allegation. Recall that a Sierra Leonian lady, Jopearl claimed a few days ago that she has been in a secret relationship with the singer, even though he has been openly dating… In "Social Media Feeds"