 Germany needs to erect 1,500 new wind turbines annually up until 2030 to meet its targets on emissions, German BDEW association of energy and water companies, said on Wednesday. BDEW chief executive, Kerstin Andreae, said a fast-paced programme was needed, as she called for legal reforms in order to open up more space. She urged greater public acceptance, as opposition rises to turbines. According to figures from the wind energy association (BWE), only 420 turbines were erected in 2020, bringing the country’s total to 30,000. The association says it believes that lengthy planning and licensing procedures are hampering expansion. The BWE said too little space has been allocated and there are many objections based on nature conservation. It noted that there were many local protests opposing the construction of new turbines. The BDEW believes that if targets set for 2030 are to be achieved, wind energy generation on land would have to reach 100 Gigawatts, compared with the 55 Gigawatts in place in 2020. Andreae said that “repowering” replacing installed turbines with new and more efficient models could generate much more electrical power, but it still would not go far enough. (NAN) HAMBURG - Energy Ministers of the G7 (Group of Seven Nations) were in Germany on Monday for two days of talks on energy security and how to reduce Europe's continued dependency on Russian energy exports. The talks were part of the run-up to the G7 Summit in Elmau, Germany in… In "Foreign" Sydney - Australian Prime Minister, Tony Abbott, on Monday delayed announcing a major carbon emissions reduction target, and slammed other nations for making "airy-fairy" promises they did not keep. The government was expected to announce Australia's post-2020 carbon emission targets in mid July, but Abbott said it would not be… In "Foreign" By Habibu Umar Aminu It was with joy and fanfare that residents of Lambar Rimi and neighbouring communities in Rimi Local Government Area of Katsina State welcomed the establishment of a 10-megawatt wind farm power project in their locality. However, 12 years after that euphoria, the people’s hope is fast… In "Features"