By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –   The Senate on Tuesday confirmed the appointment of five nominees as Commissioners of the Independent National Electoral Commission. This was just as it rejected the nomination of Lauretta Onochie (Delta) and stepped down that of Prof. Sani Muhammad Adam (North Central) for further investigation by the committee. The confirmation of the nominees followed the consideration of a report by the Senate Committee on INEC. Chairman of the Committee, Senator Kabiru Gaya (APC, Kano South), in his presentation, said the Committee received several petitions against the nominations of Ms. Lauretta Onochie and Professor Sani Muhammad Adam. He disclosed that the petitions against Onochie were against the backdrop of her involvement in politics and alleged membership of a political party. He explained further that her nomination violated the Federal Character Principle as there is already a serving National Electoral Commissioner from Delta State, Barr. Mary Agbamuche-Mbu who was screened and confirmed by the 8th Senate. “In the case of Ms. Lauretta Onochie’s, having studied her curriculum vitae and other relevant documents, followed by exhaustive interaction around the petitions against her nomination which she responded to accordingly, including attesting that she is not a registered member of any political party”, Gaya said. According to the lawmaker, the Committee bound by the provisions of Section 14(3) of the 1999 Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria (as Amendment) on Federal Character Principle, refused to recommend Onochie for confirmation. “Therefore, based on the provisions of Section 14(3) of the 1999 Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria (as Amended) on Federal Character Principle as earlier stated, and in order for the Committee and the Senate to achieve fairness to other states and political zones in the country, the committee is unable to recommend Ms. Lauretta Onochie for confirmation as a National Electoral Commissioner for the Independent National Electoral Commission”, he explained. On the nomination against Prof. Sani Muhammad Adam, the committee recommended that his confirmation be stepped down pending further legislative action by the committee. Accordingly, the Senate while confirming the five nominees, adopted the recommendations of the Committee by rejecting Onochie’s nomination and stepping down that of Professor Adam for further action. A coalition of civil society organisations (CSOs) has asked the National Assembly to reject the nomination of Lauretta Onochie as a national commissioner for the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) because she is a British citizen. The coalition noted that Ms Onochie’s citizenship will undermine national interest and potentially threaten… In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, has referred President Muhammadu Buhari’s request to confirm six nominees as national commissioners of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to its Committee on INEC. The confirmation request was made by the President in accordance with paragraph… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Special Assistant to the President on Social Media, Mrs. Lauretta Onochie, yesterday denied her membership of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) three times, adding that she parted way with the party in 2019. This followed her grilling by senators to determine… In "Top Stories"