Popular singer Olanrewaju Fasasi aka Sound Sultan is dead after a long battle with cancer. He is regarded as one of the pioneers of hip-hop music in Nigeria. More than 20 years after he launched his music career, the 44-year-old musician remained relevant in the industry until his demise. His death was announced in a statement Sunday morning by his family. According to the family, Sound Sultan died of Angioimmunoblastic T-cell Lymphoma. Checks by The Nation shows that Angioimmunoblastic T-cell lymphoma (AITL) is a rare form of non-Hodgkin lymphoma, which is a group of related malignancies (cancers) that affect the lymphatic system (lymphomas). According to National Organization for Rare Disorders (NORD), the lymphatic system functions as part of the immune system and helps to protect the body against infection and disease. The exact, underlying cause of AITL is unknown. It is believed that a dysfunctional immune system response to an unknown antigen ultimately leads to the development of the disorder. A key and differentiating aspect of AITL is dysfunction of the immune system, which can lead to a variety of symptoms. Affected individuals may develop a rash, persistent fever, unintended weight loss, tissue swelling due to the accumulation of fluid (edema) and additional symptoms. In May, reports had claimed the musician was flown abroad to commence chemotherapy following his throat cancer diagnosis. His elder brother, Baba Dee, debunked the rumour he had brother throat cancer and was being treated in the United States. But many fans and well-wishers prayed for his speedy recovery through social media posts. Reacting, Sound Sultan had express gratitude to his well-wishers, insisting he would tell the story of his struggles himself. He said: “I must not ignore the massive show of love. Thank you all. I will tell you my story myself it will be true THEN not false.” Sound Sultan, has been married to his long-time girlfriend, Chichi Morah, since October 1, 2009 with whom he had three children.  Source •Late Sound Sultan Songwriter, wrapper and singer, Olanrewaju Abdul-Ganiu Fasasi popularly known by his stage name, Sound Sultan, is dead. Announcing his demise on behalf of the family, Dr. Kayode Fasasi said the singer died after a “long battle with Angioimmunoblastic T-cell Lymphoma.” Sound Sultan died on 11 July 2021… In "Entertainment" By Oluwatomisin AmokeojaColleagues of late Sound Sultan have mourned the demise of the musician and basketball enthusiast. ×Sound Sultan died in the early hours of Sunday in the US at 44 after battling Angioimmunoblastic T-Cell Lymphoma. His death took the entertainment industry and his fans by surprise. Reactions of his… In "News" Many Nigerian celebrities have taken to social media to mourn the heartbreaking death of singer Olanrewaju Fasasi, popularly known as Sound Sultan. He died at the age of 44 after a hard-fought battle with Angioimmunoblastic T-Cell Lymphoma. He is survived by his wife, three children and siblings The news of… In "Entertainment"