A man identified as Nnanna Emeka is currently at large after he allegedly killed his 4-month-old pregnant wife for ritual purposes in Ugbele Mgbidi area of Imo State.  It was gathered that the unfortunate incident occurred on Saturday, July 3, 2021, just three months after the couple tied the knot. According to a source, “He wanted to take his wife out on a date, and then, probably take her to somewhere and k*ll her. He would have come back to cook up stories to cover his track. But unfortunately for him, the wife refused to go out with him. Just few days before, she had told a friend that for the past week her husband’s character has changed, that she doesn’t understand him anymore. So, we believe that’s why she refused to go out with him. However, after trying fruitlessly to get his wife to go out with him, he allegedly decided to k*ll her inside their apartment and take her corpse to the place where the ritual will be performed. He was said to have used a rod to hit her on her forehead. But while trying to transport the body, people became suspicious and confronted him. But he took to his heels and as I speak, he is no where to be found. They got married three months ago and the deceased was four months pregnant with his child.”  Source By Sani Abdulrahman Kaduna - A five-month-old pregnant woman, Zainab Adamu of Unguan Shanu, kaduna, on Monday dragged her estranged husband to a Sharia Court ll siting in Magajin Gari, Kaduna State, seeking divorce confirmation and payment of N60,000 debt. Adamu, told the court that her ex-husband divorced her five… In "Metro" By Deborah Akpede   Igando   -     An Igando Customary Court in Lagos on Monday saved a four-year-old marriage between Mrs Musilimotu Olashuyi and her husband, Gbenga, who conspired with a cleric to sleep with her. Musilimotu, had earlier approached the court, seeking to end her marriage, claiming… In "News" Nasarawa - A strange incident has occurred in Nasarawa state after a stepson impregnated his father's wife.   Something unexpected, something strange, something shocking happened in the Honko community, in Awe Local Government Area of Nasarawa State, recently, when a married woman became pregnant for her stepson.  As if that was… In "Metro"