Spectators will be banned from Olympic venues in Tokyo because of a virus state of emergency, Japan’s Olympic minister announced on Thursday, meaning the Games will happen mostly behind closed doors.  “We reached an agreement on no spectators at venues in Tokyo,” Tamayo Marukawa said after talks involving local and national government officials, organisers, Olympic and Paralympic chiefs. Most Olympic competitions will happen in Tokyo, but a few events will be held outside the Japanese capital. Marukawa said that, in other areas, organisers would decide on “concrete measures” for spectators after discussions with each local governor. The public has already been asked to stay away from the marathon, which is being held in the northern Hokkaido region to beat Tokyo’s summer heat.  And large parts of the torch relay traversing the country have also been held behind closed doors because of virus concerns. The spectator decision comes after Japan’s government said on Thursday that Tokyo would be under a virus state of emergency from July 12 to August 22. The measure is much looser than harsh lockdowns seen elsewhere, but comes with infections rising in the capital and concern about the increased prevalence of the Delta variant. (AFP) Tokyo - Japan on Friday said it was determined to hold a “safe and secure” Tokyo Olympics on schedule, after U.S. President Donald Trump suggested a one-year delay because of the coronavirus pandemic. Lawmakers later granted Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe emergency powers to close schools and halt large gatherings.… In "Foreign" Coronavirus numbers continue to rise in Tokyo three weeks ahead of the start of the Olympics, with 716 infections announced on Saturday over the past 24 hours. Broadcasters NHK quoted a city council member as saying that the number of infections is rising steadily again and that the majority of… In "News" Tokyo    -        Construction delays at two key Olympic venues could force Tokyo Games organisers into a reshuffle of test event schedules, the organising committee said. The Olympics Aquatics Centre, which will host swimming and diving events, are two months behind schedule, according to organisers. Also, the… In "Sports"