 Following the kidnap of 140 pupils of Bethel Baptist College, Kaduna, the leadership of the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN), on Tuesday said President Muhammadu Buhari has lost grip of leadership. CAN President, Rev. Samson Ayokunle in a statement issued in Abuja while reacting to the incident expressed shock and condemned the act. Ayokunle advised Buhari to seek foreign assistance before it’s too late. He said it is obvious that security operatives are overwhelmed. Ayokunle said: “As it is gradually becoming a norm in Nigeria, Nigerians were yet again taken by surprise to read about the news of the 180 innocent pupils of Bethel Baptist College, Kaduna who were kidnapped by the notorious Boko Haram Terrorists or bandits on Monday 5th July 2021. “These are children of innocent Nigerians who left the confines of their parents in pursuit of education and a better tomorrow. “According to the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, the welfare and the security of all Nigerian citizens is the primary responsibility of the government. “That President Muhammadu Buhari GCFR has indeed lost grip on the leadership of this nation, especially his inability to provide security for citizens of this nation. He should therefore seek foreign assistance before it is too late.” CAN said that a government has no business shaking hands, attending international fora, sending emissaries to other countries and commissioning projects when the lives of an average citizen of its own country is at stake. “It is a sin and a crime against humanity to have zero regard for the lives of others or be unable to provide security for citizens,” CAN said. The CAN boss said kidnapping and abduction are now a thriving business in Nigeria and is almost becoming synonymous with the leadership of Buhari. “Whereas, provision of adequate security for all Nigerian citizens was one of the campaign promises of President Muhammadu Buhari, GCFR, in the 2015/2019 general elections and the major reason people voted for him was being an ex-military man, the administration has failed woefully to keep a campaign promise. “The former administration of President Goodluck Ebele Jonathan was severely criticized by our present leaders for inability to curb the activities of Boko Haram, but today we are not only being harassed by Boko Haram and Islamic State of West African Province (who recently appointed their own governor for Borno State) we are terribly traumatized by bandits, kidnappers and other criminals. “Nigeria is no longer a safe haven. It has gradually become a den of kidnappers and other criminals who are operating almost unchecked. It is obvious that the security operatives are overwhelmed,” CAN said. While condemning the abduction of the school children, CAN, called on international communities to come to the aid of Nigeria as they did in Syria: “because it appears that our leaders are incapacitated and are not humble enough to admit failure. They are unwilling to seek help. “Furthermore, the situation in Kaduna has become quite terrible because of the uncouth, unbridled and acidic statements credited to the state Governor, Mallam Nasir El-Rufai who appears to be talking too much than acting! Nigeria, a land once flowing with milk and honey has become a wasteland and a land that is devouring its inhabitants in the hands of this present leadership. “On the other hand, it is quite appalling that while some people are working hard to climb the ladder of success and greatness through hard work, some crazy criminals make up their minds to be making a living from kidnapping and murder of their fellow human beings. “These have turned themselves to beasts amidst us, thus causing pain and sending many to early graves. We plead with them to repent of this evil because they will never escape the judgement of God and that, very soon. For God’s sake, what evil did these students they kidnapped do against them?” CAN added. Ayokunle appealed to Buhari and all the newly appointed service chiefs to, as a matter of urgency and priority, rise up to the situation as nobody is to take responsibility in the first instance than them. He urged the Service Chiefs to improve on intelligence gathering as a matter of priority and provide employment to make recruitment of young Nigerians into criminality unpopular any longer. Ayokunle warned that: “The story of these 140 innocent pupils of Bethel Baptist College, Kaduna must not be like the story of Chibok Girls who are still missing till date despite plummeted boast and blank promises by the present administration in 2015 to recover them if they win the election”. CAN prayed that: “President Muhammadu Buhari must ensure a safe return and reunion of all the 140 innocent pupils of Bethel Baptist College, Kaduna to their families and others in captivity. “That President Muhammadu Buhari should summon all the security chiefs and cause them to explain why the criminals are operating with ease in Nigeria without being brought to book. “That President Muhammadu Buhari should caution His Excellency, Malam Nasiru El-Rufai from talking more than acting.”  Source The Christian Association of Nigeria, CAN, has expressed disappointment with the remarks by Information Minister, Lai Mohammed, condemning religious leaders for spreading “incendiary messages” through the media. In a statement on Tuesday, the CAN President, Samson Ayokunle, denied the claim by Mr. Mohammed that religious leaders spreading such messages were… In "News" The Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) has asked the federal government to declare the Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria (MACBAN) a terrorist organisation. This is coming days after Boko Haram insurgents killed Lawan Andimi, CAN chairman in Michika local government area of Adamawa state. In a communique in… In "News" By Jessica Dogo Abuja -  The Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) on Friday commended the Federal Government for being proactive in securing the release of the abducted girls from Government Girls Science Technical College, Dapchi, Yobe State. The association said this in a statement signed by Pastor Adebayo Oladeji, Special Assistant… In "News"