Former chairman of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) Prof Attahiru Jega has advised President Muhammadu Buhari to withdraw the nomination of his aide, Lauretta Onochie, as a National Commissioner of INEC.  He said this would prevent erosion of confidence from the electoral body and process. Jega also warned the National Assembly against confirming her appointment. This, according to him, will help to avoid controversy. Jega told Buhari to replace her with another female from her state, noting there are many other eligible women for the job. He spoke on Sunday Politics, a current affairs programme on Channels Television, on Sunday night, monitored by The Nation. Jega said: “This kind of controversy is really avoidable. Any person who generated such a controversy; the appointing authorities should be careful because you don’t want to appoint anybody that can raise suspicions or doubts or can lead to a loss of trust of the electoral management body.”  Source By Sam Egburonu, Dare Odufowokan & Sunday Oguntola As the National Chairman of Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), Prof. Attahiru Jega, whose tenure has expired, prepares to retire from the commission on June 30, 2015; the world is eager to know who would step into his big shoes. Investigation shows… In "News" A coalition of civil society organisations (CSOs) has asked the National Assembly to reject the nomination of Lauretta Onochie as a national commissioner for the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) because she is a British citizen. The coalition noted that Ms Onochie’s citizenship will undermine national interest and potentially threaten… In "Politics" ABUJA - The Special Adviser on Media and Publicity to the President, Mr Femi Adesina, on Wednesday in Abuja said due process was followed in the appointment of Mrs Amina Zakari as acting chairman of Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). Adesina was reacting to a statement credited PDP’s spokesman, Mr… In "News"