The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, Kano Zonal Office, have arraigned Habiba Abubakar on Tuesday, July 6, 2021, before Justice J.K Daggard of the Federal High Court sitting in Kano on a two-count charge of obtaining by false pretence.  The convict fraudulently sold a plot of land to the complainant with fake documents. According to the complainant, the convict sometime in November 2016 offered to sell to him a plot of land located at Rijiyar Zaki, Kano. She claimed that she put the land for sale in order to raise funds to carter for the needs of her seven children who had lost their father. The complainant further alleged that they subsequently agreed on the sum of Two Million, Two Hundred Thousand Naira Only (N2, 200,000.00) and that he gave her some cars valued at the said price and took possession of the land. Subsequently, one Balarabe suddenly appeared and claimed ownership of the said property. It was later discovered that the title documents given to the petitioner were fake. Upon arraignment, the convict pleaded not guilty to the charge. In the course of the trial, prosecution counsel, Musa Isa called four witnesses and tendered several documents that were admitted in evidence. In his judgment today, Justice Daggard agreed that the prosecution has proved the case against the convict beyond reasonable doubt and convicted her. Daggard subsequently sentenced her to seven years imprisonment on each of the two counts. The sentences are to run concurrently. The convict was also ordered to restitute the sum of N2, 900,000 (Two Million Nine Hundred Thousand Naira Only) to the victim.  Source LAGOS - The Police Special Fraud Unit (SFU) has arrested two suspected internet fraudsters, who allegedly defrauded an American woman of N56 million. The spokesperson for the unit, Mrs Ngozi Isintume-Agu, disclosed this in a statement issued in Lagos on Thursday. Isintume-Agu said that the gang members specialised in defrauding… In "News" By NAN Three property agents, Ishaku Kantogora, Zainab Ibrahim and Ibrahim Isu, on Thursday appeared in an FCT Chief Magistrates' Court in Karu charged with a N35 million land fraud. They were arraigned by the police before Chief Magistrate Hadiza Shagari on a three-count charge of criminal conspiracy, forgery and… In "News" According to a report by The PUNCH, the Lagos zonal office of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission has secured the conviction of Joseph Adele, Richie Ojeba and John Ogo for a fraud of N65m from the Special Offences Court sitting in Ikeja and presided over by Justice Mojisola Dada.… In "News"