Samuel Kayode aka Ekpo Kinkin, a member of the All Progressive Congress Party, APC and Vice Chairman, National Union of Road Transport has been killed in the Agboju area of Lagos.   The deceased had attended the flag off of the party’s local government campaign at Oriade Local Development Area, Thursday evening. Present at the meeting were top officials of the party among whom was Chairman of the Amuwo Odofin Local Government Area, Mr Valentine Buraimo. Eye witnesses said while the meeting was on, a gunshot was heard from the crowd outside. When those inside the hall rushed out to find out reason for the gunshot, Kayode was found in the pool of his blood. The bullet from the unidentified gunman, as gathered, hit him in the leg. The tragedy threw the entire premises into disarray as everyone took to their heels. Kayode was said to have been rushed to the Nigerian Navy Reference Hospital, Navy Town, Ojo, where he was confirmed dead. A member of the party who spoke on the condition of anonymity, expressed surprise that a bullet in the leg could claim someone’s life. Explaining what happened, he said, “Ekpo Kinkin was a very popular person in this area. He was shot, right in Oriade LCDA secretariat, close to Agboju police station. “During the stampede caused by the gunshot, a man suspected to have pulled the trigger, was said to have been seen walking casually out of the premises. “We have lodged a complaint to the Police. We hope they will fish out Ekpo’s killer,” sources stated.  Source Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) chairman of Apapa local government area of Lagos, Borishade Adeniyi was shot dead during a meeting of party members on Saturday.   Chike Oti, Lagos command police spokesman, confirmed the incident in a statement on Sunday.   Oti said the shooting occurred at Igbosuku… In "Politics" ABUJA (SundiataPost)- Nine persons including six final year students of the Edo State-owned university, Ambrose Alli University, Ekpoma, have been reported killed at a graduation party. The party was held at Ihimudun road, Ekpoma in Esan West local government area. It was gathered that three of the deceased were former… In "Education" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - All Progressives Congress (APC) leaders in the South-west have restated their support for the party's gubernatorial candidate in the July 14 Ekiti Governorship election, Dr. Kayode Fayemi, and condemned a court case allegedly instituted by one of the defeated aspirants of the party in the state,… In "Politics"