ABUJA – President Muhammadu Buhari’s mate in the 1967-1970 Nigeria civil war and former Army Captain, Alhaji Ahmed Adoke, hasasked the Attorney General of the Federation, Abubakar Malami SAN, to speed up the trial of offences the Federal Government might wish to slam on IPOB leader, Nnamdi Kanu in the interest of justice. The civil war veteran alleged that the leader of the proscribed Indigenous People of Biiafra (IPOB,) Nnamdi Kanu and his group killed more Igbos than they protected in the secession struggle since 2014. Adoke, who expressed displeasure over the beating of war drums and songs of secession threats in some parts of Nigeria, also asked Buhari to translate words into actions in protecting the sovereignty of Nigeria. In a statement issued to the media in Abuja on Sunday in reaction to the re-arrrest of Nnamdi Kanu which he commended, Adoke tasked Buhari to arrest the spate of secession threats with objectivity The statement of Adoke who claimed to have fought the Nigeria civil war along with Buhari read in part “On Tuesday June 29th 2021, Nigerians woke up to the news culminating from the press release of the Attorney General of the Federation that the leader of self proclaimed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has been re-arrested. “That news, filtering with awe and apprehension, did not only restore calm and hope to the dozens of families who have lost their loved ones due to the atrocities of IPOB, but also came with pride and eulogy for Nigeria’s secret police for their excellent job in ensuring that Nnamdi Kanu is apprehended abroad so as to face justice at home! “Let truth be told, ever since it’s creation in 2014, the atrocities of the IPOB Movement have caused more deaths, economic hardships, and infrastructural losses to the people they claim to represent than ever before. “The resultant consequence of their inactions led the federal government of Nigeria to proscribe the group and labelled t a terrorist organization. “Having jumped bail in 2017, Nnamdi Kanu had ample of time and opportunities to retrace his steps. “Rather than do so, he outrightly militarized his loyalists and continued to incite them towards violent insurrections and killings across the South eastern Nigeria. “Now that the goose is finally at hand, I am confident that the Attorney General of the Federation, Abubakar Malami SAN, in his quest for rule of law, would ensure that speedy justice is done in the trial of Kanu. “As rightly put by President Muhammadu Buhari, those of us who fought the Nigeria civil war (1967-1970) would never wish it for our children or generations to come. “As a participant of the Nigeria civil war, 1967 – 1970 I am gladdened that President Buhari with whom we fought the war has proven that he has always been true to his pronouncements and actions. “President Buhari has ever been an introvert of slow and stead of nature that win the race. I also commend the Nigeria security agents who covertly participated in the re-arrest of Kanu. “There is nothing the Nigeria security agents want to do that fails given the rightful logistics. “Therefore, it is high time the Nigerian State took bold steps towards restoring the dignity, indivisibility and sovereignty of our beloved Country.” “Indeed, our unity is divine and we must not allow those who feign ignorance of the sacrifices of our heroes past to succeed in their aspirations of destroying what we have shared collectively. •Abubakar Malami, SAN Much as one tries, it has been difficult to find something for which to commend Nigeria’s current Attorney General and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami. He has been the chief law officer of the country since he was first appointed by President Muhammadu Buhari at the take-off… In "Opinion" From Romanus Ugwu,Abuja The Federal Government has revealed that an Executive Bill will be sent to the National Assembly which, if passed into law, will spell out harsh punishment for perpetrators of hate speeches in the country. Minister of Interior, Lt. General Abdulrahman Dambazau (retd) made the disclosure after appearing… In "News" Gov. Aminu Tambuwal of Sokoto state on Friday inaugurated a 10-man committee to investigative alleged killing of two persons by men of the Nigerian Air Force in Mabera area of Sokoto metropolis.Mr Tambuwal represented by Commissioner for Security and Carrier Matters, retired Col. Garba Moyi, said the 10-member committee was… In "Security"