President Muhammadu Buhari has sent a congratulatory message to Nollywood star, Richard Mofe-Damijo on his 60th birthday celebration. Recall that the veteran actor turned 60 today, Tuesday. The President’s Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Femi Adesina, made this known in a statement titled ‘President Buhari felicitates with movie star, Richard Mofe-Damijo at 60.’ “President Muhammadu Buhari joins the entertainment industry in celebrating with renowned actor, writer and movie producer, Richard Mofe-Damijo, RMD, on his 6oth birthday, rejoicing with family members, friends and colleagues of the stage and screen star on the milestone occasion. “The President congratulates the veteran actor, who is also a lawyer, on his many achievements in the entertainment industry, winning national and international awards that brought glory to the local film industry, and placed the country on global limelight. “President Buhari notes the contributions of RMD to the field of community and development communications, culture, tourism and journalism, working in the public service as a former Commissioner of Culture and Tourism, preceded by serving as Special Adviser on Culture and Tourism in Delta State. “The President believes the Nigerian entertainment industry has successfully earned a reputable place in the world through hardworking and dedicated professionals, whose tenacity, creativity and resilience continue to attract and sustain viewers on the beauty and cultural diversity of the country. “President Buhari felicitates with Nollywood on the joyous event of RMD’s birthday, praying that God will continue to bless and strengthen the actor and his family.”  Source Abuja   -    Veteran actors, Richard Mofe-Damijo and Joke Silva have emerged winners at the 14th edition of the Africa Movie Academy Awards (AMAA) in Kigali, Rwanda. While RMD emerged the overall Best Actor in a Leading Role, for his role in Cross Roads, Silva, bagged the Best Actress in a… In "Entertainment" Veteran Nollywood actor, Richard Mofe Damijo (RMD) has unveiled his new look leaving tongues wagging. Sharing a picture of himself, the 58-year-old who has not been able to visit the barbing salon because of lockdown has given his fans a hint of what he looks like now. RMD captioned the… In "Entertainment" Veteran actor, Kanayo O. Kanayo (KOK), last Saturday lived up to his role as a grandiloquent character in the TV drama series, Professor Johnbull, as he mesmerised the crowd with diction laced with verbosity at the Glo Mega Music Nationwide Tour held in Kubwa, FCT. The theatre icon, who made… In "Entertainment"