President Muhammadu Buhari has been urged by the House of Representatives on Tuesday to declare a state of emergency on unemployment due to theworsening insecurity in the country.  This came via the adoption of a resolution by the Speaker of the House of Representatives, Femi Gbajabiamila, on the consideration of its reports on the National Security Summit. The Deputy Speaker of the House, Rep Ahmed Wase, presided over the consideration of the reports. In his motion, Gbajabiamila said the summit was held to generate ideas in tackling insecurity in the country, adding that the committee met with stakeholders and security experts in which suggestions were provided. He said subsequently, the recommendations of the report were voted and adopted by the lawmakers. NAN reports that in April, the House set up an ad hoc committee to organise the Security Summit as part of efforts to restore peace across the country. The lawmakers, however, passed a resolution asking Buhari to declare a state of emergency over the nation’s security challenges.   Source Considering the present situation, they believe this will ensure the fast track of all measures towards restoring peace in the country. The call formed part of the resolutions reached at the closed-door session to discuss pressing national issues, which lasted about four hours on Tuesday at the lower chamber of… In "Politics" The House of Representatives has said it didn't apologise to Nigeria's President Muhammadu Buhari after inviting him to address them on insecurity challenges in the country. Chairman of the House Committee on Media and Public Affairs, Benjamin Kalu, issued the denial in a statement on Monday, titled ‘Clarification on Apology… In "Politics" By Femi Ogunshola ABUJA - The House of Representative has urged President Muhammadu Buhari to declare a State of Emergency on security challenges facing the country. This is contained in a resolution read by Speaker Femi Gbajabiamila at the end a four- hour executive session on Tuesday in Abuja. Gbajabiamila… In "Security"