The abductors of the 121 students of Bethel Baptist Secondary school in Chikun local government area of Kaduna state have demanded for food items from their parents to enable them feed the children. The bandits warned that failure to do so will expose the children to impending starvation. The parents disclosed this on Saturday during their daily prayer sessions to seek for God’s intervention for the release of their children. Meanwhile, the Southern Kaduna Baptist Conference (SKBC) has called for immediate and unconditional release of the 121 abducted students. President of the Conference, Rev. Donald Arak, made the call in a statement issued in Kafanchan, Kaduna State, on Saturday. Gunmen invaded the school and took away scores of students and have demanded for bags of rice, beans, vegetable oil and salt among other foodstuffs from the school to keep feeding their victims. Arak described the abduction of the students as ungodly, just as he wondered how minors could be forcefully taken without considering the impact on their mental health. He also wondered why it was taking long to track the kidnappers who had been communicating with the school, given the NIN-SIM integration policy of government. “How on earth will you forcefully take away such a number of minors without considering the psychological injury you will be inflicting on them. “This goes to show how ungodly and heartless the kidnappers are. “And why haven’t these people been tracked? What is the reason for the NIN-SIM card registration? “Imagine the bandits requesting for specific number of food items and even bargaining. This is a systematically organised crime. “We, therefore, demand that these students be released without any further delay and in perfect condition of health,’’ he stated. The cleric urged the state and Federal Government to do more in fulfilling their primary responsibility of securing lives and property. According to him, the Baptist Church has been in the vanguard of providing quality education in the country and will not relent in doing so in spite of the antics of criminal gangs. Arak noted that the Church would continue to pray for God to expose the sponsors and perpetrators of the heinous crime. He prayed to God to grant the parents and the school management the enablement to remain strong and not despair during their trying period. “As for the parents and leadership of Kaduna Baptist Conference, let’s continue to pray for an end to all evil and their sponsors in Kaduna State and in the country at large. “Righteousness must overcome wickedness in Jesus name,” he added. (NAN/Channels TV) Bandits, who abducted 121 students of the Bethel Baptist High School, Maraban Rido, Kaduna State on Wednesday reiterated their demand for rice and other foodstuffs to feed the abductees. A top official of the school, who is involved in the negotiation with the bandits, confided in one of our correspondents… In "News" No fewer than 17 kidnapped students of Bethel Baptist High School, Kaduna have returned, Police Public Relations Officer, ASP Mohammed Jalije, has said. The PUNCH had reported that gunmen attacked the Baptist school, located at Damishi town of Chikun Local Government Area in Kaduna State, and took away scores of… In "News" The total number of students being held by bandits has increased to 348 with the latest abduction of 121 students in Kaduna State. Out of the 348 students, three categories numbering 227 are still languishing in bandits’ dens, many weeks after they were abducted from their schools in Niger, Kebbi… In "News"