The crisis rocking the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Kwara State deepened on Wednesday with three Senators from the state expressing unalloyed support for Governor Abdurahman Abdulrazaq.  Senators, Ibrahim Oloriegbe (Kwara Central), Lola Ashiru (Kwara South) and Umar Sadiq (Kwara North), told reporters in Abuja at a press briefing in Abuja that Abdulrazaq is the authentic leader of the party in the state. The lawmakers said that Minister of Information, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, did not speak the minds of the party members when he said Kwara State, under the current administration had “entered one-chance.” They insisted that all the money realised by the APC in the state to prosecute the 2019 elections were judiciously utilised under the leadership of Abdulrazak. The lawmakers also explained that the revalidation and registration of APC members in the state would soon start to enable those who had yet to register, do so before the state party’s congress.   Source Kwara State All Progressives Congress (APC) Caretaker Committee Treasurer and Financial Secretary Mohammed Tajudeen yesterday joined the fray over accusations and counter-accusations concerning 2019 campaign funds rocking the party. The treasurer and secretary said the Minister of Information and Culture Lai Mohammed provided funds and logistics for the election campaign… In "Politics" A hundred thousand PDP members in Kwara state have left the party for APC The party members were led to APC by an oil mogul Abdulrazaq Abdulrahaman said the politicians in PDP were agents of destruction An oil magnate in Kwara state, Abdulrazaq Abdulrahaman, on Thursday, September 6, led thousands… In "Top Stories" There appears to be no solution in sight to the lingering Kwara All Progressives Congress (APC) as Governor AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq at the weekend warned those causing disaffection in the party risk suspension. Mallam Abdulrazaq revealed that APC leadership in the state would on Monday take decisive actions on the ‘dissidents,’… In "Politics"