OWERRI – Protesting women from Obodoukwu in Ideato North Local Government Area of Imo State have locked up the Bolingo Ranch Hotel for allegedly harbouring of hoodlums they suspected to be members of the Eastern Security network, (ESN) in the hotel. The angry women while placing the hotel under lock and key on Saturday said that it is a taboo for any hotel in their community to harbour such criminal elements. But the management of the hotel has described the action of the women as blackmail intended to mislead the public. According to the managing director of the hotel, Emeka Madueke, he explained that the women were being deceived by their enemies who wanted to forcefully quit them from the premises of the hotel. Madueke in his explanation said “former owner of the hotel after leasing the hotel for 20 years decided to take it back before the expiration of the lease period. “Because they were resisted, they now have to cooked up the story of harbouring kidnappers to the gullible women.” When approached to verify their allegation, the women who were in their numbers refused to talk to journalists and asked the journalists covering the protest to leave their community.  (Saturday Sun) Nnamdi Kanu, the leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has opened up on reports that members of the group beheaded a native doctor after his charms failed. Reacting on Monday through Publicity Secretary of IPOB, Emma Powerful, Kanu said no such thing happened. Recall that the incident was… In "News" •Imo State Governor Hope Uzodinma OWERRI - Governor Hope Uzodimma of Imo State has revealed that members of the Independent People of Biafra (IPOB) hijacked the Eastern Security Network (ESN) from the Southeast governors after they had concluded plans to roll out the security outfit. Uzodimma, who disclosed this when… In "Top Stories" •Imo State Governor Hope Uzodinma OWERRI - Governor Hope Uzodimma of Imo State has revealed that members of the Independent People of Biafra (IPOB) hijacked the Eastern Security Network (ESN) from the Southeast governors after they had concluded plans to roll out the security outfit. Uzodimma, who disclosed this when… In "Top Stories"