By Oluwatomisin AmokeojaColleagues of late Sound Sultan have mourned the demise of the musician and basketball enthusiast. ×Sound Sultan died in the early hours of Sunday in the US at 44 after battling Angioimmunoblastic T-Cell Lymphoma. His death took the entertainment industry and his fans by surprise. Reactions of his colleagues indicate struggle to come to terms with his demise. Jaywon posted: “This right here hurts different! “You were the first person to support me as an artist, gave me your platform for free at a point when I was given up and homeless in Festac Lagos boss @soundsultan, no this hurts really different. “It was still you and your elder brother I ran to before I sign my record contract with Kennis music and you told me I need it now but you are not sure I will later. “Egbon mi this is sad, you do not drink or smoke. “Till today I always feel funny drinking in front of you baba mi, ah, I’m scared and shaking right now. “God why!!! I don’t even know what I’m writing again RIP BIG Brother SOUND SULTAN.” ADVERTISEMENT2baba wrote: “Rest in glory my brother @soundsultan. You will live forever in our hearts. Allah gives…” Femi Kuti shared: “I am shocked and very SAD reading this news of the passing of Sound Sultan (HE IS FAMILY). “I pray our Creator to give his family strength at this time.” Duncan Daniels said: “We just lost a real one. Read Also: How Sound Sultan lost cancer battle“One of the most humble, kindest veteran of our industry. “I remember opening for @soundsultan at a show way back in 2005 and the advise he gave me that day to never give up on my dreams even if it felt like nobody was listening then. “Haven’t spoken in years but always loved and respected everything about him. “May the Lord grant his family the strength to bear this heavy loss. “Rest In Peace Sultan of sound! # ripsoundsultan #ripsultan.” Darey Art Alade shared: “Why do the best have to go so soon? “This one hits super close and different but Lanre, your positive spirit is contagious so we no go too cry! “Many testimonies will follow for all to see that truly, you lived an exemplary life right till the end. “Always had love for everyone and that’s on periodt. “We spoke about so so many things some days ago so we must ensure those things are done, come what may. “Our hearts go out to sis @faridafasasi and your amazing kids. “Peace and comfort we pray. “‘Death is not the opposite of life but a part of it’ – Haruki Murakami “Please greet all our faithful departed when you sing for them on the other side…guitar in hand like the Naija Ninja that you are brother. Sun Re O!” Faze said: “Too good to be gone. Worse Sunday ever. “RIP my brother and friend.” Nikki Laoye wrote: “My brother, gosh, pls say something. “Hope this isn’t true. “We still chatted recently.”  Source Popular Nigerian singer, Sound Sultan’s last post on his Instagram page before his sad death has stirred reactions on social media. The music legend, who passed on after battling with Angioimmunoblastic T-cell Lymphoma, had on July 3rd shared a song from Patoranking. Part of the lyrics of the song read:… In "Social Media Feeds" Abuja   -      Singer Davido and vocal powerhouse Simi, were the biggest winners at the 12th Headies Awards on Saturday. The Headies (previously known as Hip Hop World Awards), since 2006 has been recognising and celebrating outstanding achievement in Nigeria’s music industry. Simi carted home the Best RnB… In "Entertainment" By Ken Aniche The Nigerian Music Video Awards (NMVA 2013) will hold on November 15, 2013 at the Shell Hall of the Muson Centre, Lagos. Check out the full list below; Video of the Year  Flavour – Ada Ada Olamide – Duro Soke Sound Sultan – Natural Something D’Banj – Don’t Tell Me… In "Entertainment"