If Nigeria should seperate today, do you think Yorubas or Igbos will troop out to vote these guys as leaders?I doubt.These guys are just people that saw a vacuum in leadership and cashed in on it, a vacuum that wasn’t supposed to be there in the first place.Look at the kidnapping and banditry going on in the north, if somebody should rise up and stamp it out, what do you think the people will do?They’ll sing his praise to high heavens and call him a hero or liberator… they don’t care if the person is a Shekau or a murderer… they will hail him.What we need to plug is giving the average Nigerian a sense of security…..People are looking for a Robinhood or a super hero that will bail them out and give them a sense of belonging.. government should be that Robinhood and super hero.They shouldn’t give the likes of Sunday and Nnamdi the opportunity to glory.Arresting them may make it look like government is powerful but if the people still feel that government is one-sided, they will never respect government and Nnamdi Kanu and Sunday Igboho will continue to be heros in the minds of the people.I believe those in government know what to do but won’t do it because they are one way or the other profiting from it.He who has ears should hear. •Sunday Igboho IT was in Hubert Ogunde’s ‘Jayesinmi’ that we last saw witches transforming into cats – black cat, red cat. I never knew witchery and witchcraft have found their way into the curricula of our security academies until the recent Igboho night experience. Media reports said Sunday Igboho had… In "Opinion" •President Muhammadu Buhari PMB is governing Nigeria as a military dictator, often forgetting that he was elected, and therefore compelled to always seek the understanding of democratic implications of whatever policy decisions he takes in international relations. His attitudinal disposition in Nigeria’s foreign policy is what we have always called… In "Opinion" •Sunday Igboho and Nnamdi Kanu TWO concessions are necessary before I make my points. One, while advocacy for self-determination is not criminal and is protected by international laws to which Nigeria is a signatory, calls for violence, instigation of violence against security officers, or machinating a plot to violently dissolve… In "Opinion"