From Abraham Jonah, Managing Editor, Middle East Following a recent air strike in the Tigray region of Ethiopia amidst the unrest that has left many injured, dead and confused, the United Nations has expressed it disappointment over the developments that has left more people dead. According to the spokesman for UN Secretary-General António Guterres, in a recent statement, the Secretary-General strongly condemned the air strike on the village of Togoga in the Tigray region of Ethiopia on 22 June, which is reported to have killed many civilians, expressing his deepest condolences to the families of the victims. He added that “The Secretary-General reiterates the need for all parties to uphold their responsibilities under international humanitarian and human rights law and to ensure the protection of civilians.  He calls for an independent and swift investigation into this incident”, as he again called for an immediate end to the fighting and for urgent steps to peacefully resolve the conflict. The Secretary-General really reiterate6s the need to protect civilians and all non-combatants from brutality and future attacks. By Prudence Arobani   New York   -      The UN Security Council has described the Joint Declaration of Peace and Friendship signed by the leaders of Eritrea and Ethiopia, as “a historic and significant” move. The Council also said that the joint declaration has “far-reaching consequences” for the whole Horn of… In "Foreign" Ethiopia's forces have captured two towns in the northern region of Tigray where soldiers loyal to the local political party are fighting the central government. Tigray's leader confirmed the losses but said it was a temporary setback and vowed to defeat the government. Ethiopia's prime minister has said that his… In "Foreign" The Ethiopian prime minister has vowed to continue a military offensive in the northern state of Tigray despite international calls for restraint. Tensions between the state and the federal government have been building for months. On Wednesday, Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed's administration accused Tigrayan forces of attacking a federal army… In "Foreign"