The Taraba State Governor, Darius Ishaku, on Monday, accused the Federal Government of by-passing the state government in the distribution of relief assistance to the people of the State.  Ishaku stated this shortly after he inspected the areas in Jalingo, the State capital that were affected by flood on Saturday. The Governor, who called on the Federal Government to assist victims of the flood, however, lamented that most times relief assistance from the Federal Government do not pass through the Taraba government, the situation he described as “unknown procedure”. “Last week I understand the ministry of Humanitarian Affairs were here sharing money to people. I tried to get to the Minister, but I couldn’t get her. “Generally, assistance from the Federal Government doesn’t get us in Taraba and even when it does, it comes through some certain proxies. This is an unknown procedure. “Any help that is coming to Taraba should come through the government. We have established ways of doing things in the state. We have the State Emergency Management Agency and the Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs existing in the State. “I see no reason why the Federal Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs cannot liaise with her counterpart ministry in the state in reaching out to the people,” he lamented. While pledging the state government’s support to the victims of the flood, Ishaku said the victims will be relocated to other areas to avoid a repeat of the incident. The flood submerged over 300 houses and washed away farmlands in Lau, Karim Lamido, Jalingo and Ibi Local Government areas of the State.   Source The National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) on Monday, distributed relief materials to 30,000 Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) in Taraba. Director General of NEMA, AVM Muhammadu Muhammad (retired) made this known at the official flag off of the distribution of the items to the beneficiaries in the 16 local government areas,… In "Features" Jalingo  - The National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) on Monday donated relief materials worth millions of naira to the Taraba Government for onward distribution to the 2015 flood disaster victims in the state. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) recalls that Taraba was among states affected by the disaster following… In "News" About 300 houses have been set ablaze in the latest of the clashes between the Jukun and the Tiv in Taraba State. Jukun militants are suspected of attacking a Tiv village – Tor-Damsa, in Donga local government area- in the early hours of Saturday. But a Tiv activist in the… In "Security"