By Chijioke Kingsley  A 29-year old final year University undergraduate got his hand burnt severely while attempting to vandalise distribution substation in Jos, Plateau.  The final year student who was said to be an undergraduate of one of the State government owned University in the country, got his right hand amputated in one of the public hospitals in Jos due to the severity of the burnt. He is still at the hospital receiving treatment under the watchful eyes of security agents, a statement from the spokesman of the Jos Electricity Distribution Company (JED), Dr. Friday Elijah said on Sunday. Elijah said JED has recorded some successes in convicting vandals who has been vandalising electricity installations in the four franchise States of Bauchi, Gombe, Plateau and Benue States. According to him: “10 persons have been convicted by the various courts in Bauchi, Gombe and Plateau States for vandalizing Distribution Transformers belonging to JED. “Some of those convicted for the crime were Mohammed Danarewa, Mohammed Jauro Sani and Babayo Ahmed who were handed a two year jail terms without option of fine on each of the two count charges of conspiracy and theft respectively by the Chief Magistrate Court, Pindiga, His Worship Adamu Abdullahi last Monday, 5th July, 2021. “Babayo was however given an option of twenty thousand naira fine as a first offender following plea for leniency made by his counsel Yusuf Aliyu. “The Judge also ordered them to pay to the coffer of Jos Electricity Distribution Plc the sum of four hundred and eighty thousand naira (N 480, 000.00) only at the end of their jail term. “The duo were vandalizing the Distribution Transformer as well as scooping the oil of the same transformer located at Maternity Substation, Pindiga town, Kumo 33kv feeder of Gombe State on the 30th of June, 2021, before they were apprehended by both members of the community and security agents. “Similarly, two buyers of vandalized and stolen electricity items (Dahiru Imrana and Umar Musa) were convicted by the court in Bauchi. “They were sentenced to a four year jail term each with an option of sixteen thousand naira (N16,000.00) fines. “The three suspects who were caught and whose confessions led to the arrest and prosecution of the buyers – Mustapha Bashir, Ali Ibrahim and Suleiman Ahmed were all remanded in prison custody to be tried at a date to fixed by the court”, Elijah said. Consequently, the Managing Director of JED, Engr. Hashim Ibrahim Bakori has commended the various members of the communities as well as security agents for the arrest which culminated into the afforestated convictions of the criminals. Fire broke out last night at the head office of the Jos Electricity Distribution Company on Ahmadu Bello Way, Jos, Plateau State. The fire started from the top floor of the seven storey building at about 6 PM . The Director, Communication and Media Affairs of the company, Dr Friday… In "News" From Jude Owuamanam, Managing Editor, Northern Operations JOS (Sundiata Post) - The major power plant of the Jos Electricity Distribution Company (JED) PLC has been razed by fire. Eye witness say that the station, which is located in Mista Ali along Zaria road, in the Jos North local Government Area… In "Top Stories" Some victims of the Sunday, May 26, 2019, violence that erupted at Tina Junction, Dutse Uku and Angwan Damisa Area of Jos North LGA of Plateau State, have narrated their sad experiences while receiving treatment at the Jos University Teaching Hospital (JUTH). Violence erupted on the dark Sunday while Christians… In "News"