The laying-to-rest service of Prophet Temitope Balogun Joshua aka Prophet TB Joshua has begun at the Synagogue Church of All Nations, Ikotun, Lagos State. The flags of different nations were flown at half-mast at the church premises. Sympathisers defied the rains to attend the service. The Nation reports TB Joshua, philanthropist, preacher, televangelist, and the Founder of the Synagogue Church of All Nations, died on June 6 at 57.Read Also: PHOTOS: Crowd, tight security as TB Joshua is laid to restMany sympathisers besieged the church premises but were denied entry as only a few were allowed entry in compliance with COVID-19 protocol. The wife and children of the late T.B Joshua alongside other personalities, including traditional rulers, Ondo Governor Rotimi Akeredolu; Lagos Commissioner for Home Affairs, Anofiu Elegushi attended to pay their last respects to the deceased. Security agencies including the Nigerian Army, Nigeria Police Force (NPF), Lagos State Neighborhood Safety Corps (LSNSC), Lagos State Traffic Management (LASTMA), DSS were stationed at the main entrance of the church and barricaded the entry and exit points to control the overwhelming crowd. Details shortly…  Source By Fabian Ekeruche LAGOS- The flags adorning the Synagogue Church of All Nations in Lagos have been lowered at half mast as sympathizers throng the church on the news of the death of Prophet TB Joshua, the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports. NAN reports that sympathizers and followers of… In "News" There was a fire outbreak at the Synagogue Church of All Nations located in Ikotun area of Lagos State on Monday night. The PUNCH gathered that the fire, which gutted a store house in the church’s premises, started around 11 pm. The fire incident happened on the night of the… In "Metro" ABUJA - TB Joshua, founder of the Synagogue Church of All Nations (SCOAN), is dead He had stroke two months ago and was flown by air ambulance to Turkey for treatment, The church management confirmed his death in a statement issued on Sunday. According to the statement, Joshua, aged 57,… In "Top Stories"