The Peoples Democratic Party says Senate’s rejection of the nomination of Lauretta Onochie as a National Commissioner with the Independent National Electoral Commission is victory for democracy and for Nigerians.  The opposition party also said the rejection of Onochie saved Nigeria from serious crisis that may befall the country in the 2023 general elections. The PDP’s reaction was contained in a statement titled, ‘INEC: Onochie’s Rejection At Senate Is Victory For Nigerians, Democracy- PDP’ and signed by National Publicity Secretary, Kola Ologbondiyan. The PUNCH had earlier reported that the Senate on Tuesday okayed five INEC National Commissioners but rejected Onochie and suspended the confirmation of another nominee, Prof. Sani Adam (North Central). The nominees of the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd), who were confirmed were, Prof. Muhammad Kallah (Katsina); Prof. Kunle Ajayi (Ekiti); and Saidu Ahmad (Jigawa), Baba Bila (North East) and Abdullahi Zuru (North-West). The upper chamber said it rejected Onochie, who is an aide to the President on new media, because her nomination did not satisfied Section 14 (1)3 which bordered on the federal character principles. Reacting, the PDP described the rejection “as the triumph of the Nigerian people over the barefaced attempt by the Buhari led-APC administration to corrupt and hijack the commission ahead of 2023 elections”. “The PDP asserts that the rejection of Lauretta Onochie by Nigerians has saved the nation from very serious crisis as well as salvaged INEC and the entire Nigerian electoral process from a ruinous pollution that would have led to the collapse of our democratic order. “The party asserts that Onochie’s vexatious nomination, in total affront to paragraph 14 of the 3rd schedule of the 1999 Constitution (as amended), was a very dangerous machination by the Buhari-led APC Presidency against our electoral process, in the attempt to subvert the will of the people in the 2023 elections. “The APC (All Progressives Congress), in spite of its shenanigans, is aware that it will have difficulties winning election at any level in a free, fair and credible election and as such it is determined to rig every process ahead of the 2023 elections. “Our party, therefore, commends Nigerians including civil society organizations, the media as well as other political parties, for joining forces with the PDP in fighting for the sanctity of our electoral process by resisting Onochie’s nomination. “The stiff resistance displayed by Nigerians across board, in repelling this vicious attempt to hijack and pollute the electoral commission, underscores their collective and unwavering determination to resist and kick out the APC in 2023, despite its shenanigans.”   Source The Senate on Tuesday said the nomination of Lauretta Onochie, an aide to the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), was rejected because of her partisanship and breach of federal character principle. Onochie’s nomination had attracted condemnation from a large section of Nigerians who argue that she is too partisan… In "Politics" The Senate may have suspended the screening and confirmation of the nominees of the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), for appointment as Commissioners of the Independent National Electoral Commission, due to the inclusion of Ms. Lauretta Onochie, on the list.   Onochie, from Delta State, is the Special Assistant… In "Politics" The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has said it will not hesitate to challenge the nomination of the President Muhammadu Buhari’s personal aide, Lauretta Onochie, as a National Commissioner of Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC).   The party said this might be necessary, if the letter from the president, scaled second… In "Politics"