By Kingsley Okoye ABUJA – The Senate on Tuesday at plenary session passed bills establishing three universities. The bills are Federal University of Science and Technology Lau, Taraba State, Federal University of Agriculture and Technology, Aboh, Delta State and City University of Technology Auchi, Edo State. The passage of the bills followed the consideration and adoption of three separate reports by the Committee on Tertiary Institutions and TETFUND. Sen. Sandy Onuh, in his presentation on behalf of the Chairman of the Committee, Ahmad Babba Kaita, said the Federal Univeristy of Agriculture and Technology, Aboh, in Delta State, would offer graduates knowledge in research to improve on agricultural extension and general agricultural practices. In another presentation on the report of the Conference Committee on the establishment of City University of Technology, Auchi, Onuh said the Senate and House of Representatives met and deliberated on the two versions of the bill. According to him, it has been resolved that the harmonised version be adopted by each of the two chambers of the National Assembly for approval(NAN) By Kingsley Okoye Abuja - The Senate on Wednesday passed the bill for establishment of Modibo Adama University of Technology in Adamawa. The passing of the bill followed presentation and consideration of the report of the Committee on Tertiary Institution and TETFUND on Wednesday. The bill, sponsored by Sen. Aisha… In "News" …passes bill to establish ICT Institute, receives report on MDAs oversight   By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate on a Wednesday passed a bill to upgrade the Maritime Academy, Oron in Akwa-Ibom state into a full-fledged University of Maritime Studies. Also passed was a bill to establish the… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate, on Wednesday, passed two bills to establish two Federal Universities in Kogi State. They are the Federal University of Education, Ankpa, and the Federal University of Agriculture, Kabba.  The passage of the bills seeking to establish both Universities followed the consideration of… In "Top Stories"