By Kingsley Chukwuka JOS – Plateau State has joined millions of voices across the country advocating for rotation of presidency to favour the Igbo extraction, sighting equity and fairness. Plateau State, speaking under the aegis of Plateau Libration Movement (PLM), said it is only natural for the region to have a shot at Aso Rock in order to sustain the indivisibility of the nation. Addressing stakeholders on Monday in Jos, PLM said the region has the capacity just like every other region in the country to contribute it’s on quota in moving the country forward. Drumming support for one of the region’s finest, the Minister of State for Education, Hon. Chukwuemeka Nwajiuba, PLM said with his experience, the country cannot settle for less. “He has what it takes to move the country forward and as a group we will support him, should he seek to run for the presidency”, the group said. Speaking for the group, the spokesman, Mr. Nanchit Datiri, extolled Nwajiuba’s sterling qualities, describing him as a man that excels in every position that he holds, adding that he has carved a good image for himself as a successful Minster who believes in selfless service to humanity. “Even though Nwajiuba has not declared intent to vie for the exalted office, we must drag him into it”, Datiri said. “The need for Igbo presidency was in consonance with federal character principle as entrenched in the 1999 Constitution as amended. “Based on this we call on Nwajiuba to make himself available to contest the presidency come 2023. “Judging from the perspective of the good works the Minster is doing in the education sector, he is ably qualified to provide quality leadership for the country if given the opportunity. “Nwajiuba is a performer, when he was 24 years old, he constructed a school  for Nsu community in Imo State”, the group said. From Jude Owuamanam, Managing Editor, Northern Operations JOS (Sundiata Post) - Youths in Plateau State have promised to do everything possible to ensure that the present peace being enjoyed in the state is jealousy guarded and maintained In a statement signed by Plateau State Coordinator, Middle Belt Youth Council, Mr.… In "Top Stories" When I read that former Governor of Abia State, Dr. Orji Uzor Kalu and now Senator-elect for Abia North Senatorial zone, had endorsed Hon. Femi Gbajabiamila for the post of Speaker of the House of Representatives, I had the feeling that, only half of the story had been told. It… In "Opinion" By Polycarp Auta   Jos -   Sen. Jeremiah Useni, the governorship candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), in Plateau, says he will run an all-inclusive government if elected in the forthcoming general elections. Useni, who said this at the party’s presidential campaign rally on Saturday in Jos, promised… In "Politics"