Twenty-two more people have died in an unrest raging in South Africa, a provincial official said on Tuesday, taking the national death toll from days of violence to 32.  The toll in KwaZulu-Natal province now stands at 26, premier Sihle Zikalala told a news conference on Tuesday, a day after officials confirmed six deaths in Gauteng province. “These were people killed during stampedes as protesters ran riot,” he said, without specifying which parts of the province. President Cyril Ramaphosa on Monday deployed troops to help police halt the violence and looting sparked by the jailing of ex-president Jacob Zuma. Southeastern KwaZulu-Natal — Zuma’s home region — is the epicentre of the unrest. Protests erupted last week shortly after Zuma started serving a 15-month term for snubbing a probe into the corruption that stained his nine years in power. The violence has so far been confined to the two most populous provinces of KwaZulu-Natal and Gauteng, which houses the economic hub of Johannesburg.  (AFP) JOHANNESBURG — Six people have been killed and 219 arrested amid escalating violence during rioting that broke out following the imprisonment of South Africa’s former President Jacob Zuma, police said Monday. Army soldiers will be deployed to help police quell the violence, the South African National Defense Force said. Police… In "Foreign" Cape Town - The South African authorities on Friday revised the death toll from the recent flooding to 87, up from the previous 70. The widespread flooding over the Easter weekend, resulted in the loss of 87 lives in KwaZulu-Natal, Eastern Cape and the Free State provinces. Kwa-Zulu Natal, however,… In "Foreign" JOHANNESBURG - More than 50 people were killed in southern and eastern parts of South Africa after heavy rains caused flooding and mudslides, authorities said on Wednesday. Rescue workers were digging through collapsed homes and other buildings in coastal areas of KwaZulu-Natal province, where the death toll stood at 51,… In "Foreign"