By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr. Isa Ali Ibrahim Pantami and the Executive Vice Chairman of the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC), Prof. Umar Garba Danbatta, have felicitated with Alhaji Aminu Ado Beyero on his coronation as the 15th Emir of Kano. The Minister and NCC boss prayed that peace, progress and prosperity will continue to be the hallmark of his reign as Emir of Kano. The goodwill message was contained in a statement signed by the Director, Public Affairs, Dr. Ikechukwu Adinde made available to Sundiata Post. Prof Danbatta, who hails from Danbatta Local Government Area of Kano State, paid homage to the Emir, Friday evening, to congratulate him in his personal capacity and also deliver a similar congratulatory message on behalf of the Hon, Minister, Board of Commissioners and the entire staff of the Commission. Danbatta in a congratulatory message during the visit, said: “On behalf of the Board, Management and staff of the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC), I heartily felicitate with Your Highness and the Kano Emirate Council on your coronation and presentation of Staff of Office as the 15th Emir of Kano”. He said the Commission, while rejoicing with the monarch, also prays that peace, progress and prosperity continue to be the hallmark of his reign. “As we delightfully share in the bliss of this historic event with Your Highness and the good people of Kano Emirate, we also pray for Almighty Allah’s (SWT) health, wisdom and guidance as you receive the staff of office,” he added. The EVC also assured that the Commission will continue to work with traditional institutions towards advancing the course of telecommunications infrastructure deployment for the rapid socio-economic development of their communities. In his words: “In the matrix of our stakeholder engagement, traditional rulers are the closest to people at the grassroots and therefore play a very important role. “The Commission, therefore believes by working closely with the traditional rulers, we stand a better chance to seek understanding from the locales towards creating the needed conducive environment for telcos to build their telecoms infrastructure in their domains, thereby extending telecoms services that will transform the lives of the people,” he added.  