Abuja –  The United Kingdom Parliament is set to commence a debate on the repatriation of the leader of Indigenous People of Biafra, Nnamdi Kanu. Recall that the Attorney-General of the Federation, Abubakar Malami (SAN), had last week revealed that Kanu was repatriated and has subsequently been arraigned. However, Malami did not reveal where the IPOB leader was repatriated from. IPOB as well as several notable groups, however, alleged that Kanu was repatriated from Kenya, an allegation which Kenya has since denied. The separatist group had accused the regime of President Muhammadu Buhari of abducting its leader in the East-African country, a claim confirmed by Kanu’s attorney, Ifeanyi Ejiofor, who accused Kenya’s special police force of arresting, detaining and torturing Kanu for days before he was later handed over to the Nigerian government. The British government had also stated last week that Kanu, who was travelling with a British passport, was not arrested within its shores. But the UK Parliament, in a parliamentary schedule posted on its website, said it will set aside a debate on Wednesday, July 7, to discuss the British government’s assessment of Kenya’s role in Mr Kanu’s arrest. According to the document, Lord Alton of Liverpool will be raising the issue at the House of Lords and will query the government on the separatist leader’s transfer to Nigeria. “Lord Alton of Liverpool to ask Her Majesty’s Government what assessment they have made of (1) the alleged role of the government of Kenya in the detention and alleged mistreatment of Nigerian activist Nnamdi Kanu, (2) the circumstances surrounding the transfer of Mr Kanu to Nigeria against his will, and (3) of any assistance being provided to him by the High Commission in Abuja. HL1665,” the document read. (Punch). Leader of the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Nnamdi Kanu, was arrested abroad and brought back to Abuja on Sunday in an “unconventional way”, it was learnt last night. The arrest was planned and executed by the Nigerian Security and Intelligence agencies. It was coordinated by the Nigeria Intelligence… In "News" The federal government has been warned that it is pushing people of the South-East out of Nigeria. A former Anambra state governor, Chief Chukwuemeka Ezeife said this while slamming President Muhammadu Buhari for displaying nepotism which is the cause of the rising agitations for secession. According to DailyPost, Ezeife advised… In "News" The federal government has been called out for trying to create disunity among Ndigbo. According to the Indigenous People of Biafra, the federal government created a fake Igbo group and used it to call for the repatriation of its leader, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu. Recall that there were reports that an… In "News"