ABUJA – The Nigerian Air Force (NAF) is currently enlisting graduates and postgraduates for training as Direct Short Service Cadets.Mahmud Madi, an Air Vice Marshall, announced this on behalf of the Chief of Air Staff. In the announcement, he said applicants must be single and of Nigerian origin.They must be between the ages of 20 and 30 years of age. “Candidates born before 29 September, 1992 are not eligible) with the following exception: “Medical Consultants should be between the age of 25 and 40 years (Candidates born before 29 September, 1982 are not eligible). “Chaplain/Imams candidates must be between the age of 20 and 32 years (Candidates born before 29 September, 1990 are not eligible). “The exercise is not for serving personnel desiring Branch Commission. Therefore, personnel above 30 years of age (born before 29 September, 1992) need not apply,” NAF said. QUALIFICATIONS Interested applicants must posses a minimum of Second Class Upper Division for holders of the first degree and Upper Class for HND holders. In addition, applicants must possess Lit-in-English Language and Mathematics and additional three credits in subjects related degree course of study. NAF said computer literacy will be an added advantage, adding that applicants must possess NYSC Discharge Certificate or Letter of Exemption from NYSC at the time of applying. “Applicants must posses certificates of full registration with their statutory professional bodies in Nigeria, where applicable,” the force said. (Daily Trust) •Late Air Marshal Nsikak Eduok (retired) Death has occurred of the former chief of air staff, Air Marshall Nsikak Eduok. Eduok died Wednesday night at age 73. A family source disclosed that the retired Air Force boss from Akwa Ibom State did not die from COVID-19 as widely speculated in… In "Top Stories" By Doris Esa Abuja - The Chief of the Air Staff, Air Marshal Sadique Abubakar, has tasked personnel of the Nigerian Air Force (NAF) to remain apolitical whilst carrying out their duty of providing necessary support for the lead agency, the Nigeria Police. NAF Director of Public Relations and Information,… In "News" The Nigerian Air Force (NAF), invites application from suitable qualified graduates and post graduates for training as Direct Short Services Cadets in the below profession: Job Title: Nurse Location: Nationwide Requirements B.Sc/ RN and RM (Double Qualification) Must possess B.NSc with RN/RM or HND with RN/RM. BSc Nursing with any other… In "Health"