Ebony Nigerian actress, Linda Osifo has opened up on why women in the movie industry are more successful than their male counterparts.  When asked why women do better, have more cars than the men in the industry, Osifo, speaking during an interview with Ebuka Obi-Uchendu on Rubbing Minds, said there are so many more avenues for women to make money than men.  According to her, actresses have ambassadorial deals from wig brands, skin care, clothing brands, which is why some of them have more money than men and are able to acquire houses. Linda said, “As a woman compared to a man I have more options to get more jobs than a man. “I can advertise hair, wigs, shoes and a wide range of clothes from brands which most men cannot. The ratio of men to women is 1:3 which makes the market wider for us. “I’ve become a brand ambassador to skincare brands and that’s an industry that men don’t dominate and conquer so this is how women are more successful. “Women have more opportunities to make money.” The 29-year-old actress said the mentality of the society that a woman can’t make it on her own is the reason for the rumors that most actresses have illicit affairs. “I’ve come to understand that society has the mindset that most women can’t succeed on their own. It’s a big problem because there are many women who are doing so much for themselves,” she added. She noted that social media plays an important role in an actor’s career because we are in a digital world but talent sustains your success. “The more people on social media platforms, the more you can market to them but at the end of the day talent sustains success,” she said. By Joshua Olomu Abuja - The sequel to star-studded Nollywood blockbuster movie ‘Merry Men’is set to hit cinemas on Dec. 20, its producers have said. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that after a series of teasers, its producer, Ayo Makun(AY), best known for his renowned  hit ‘30 Days… In "Entertainment" By Rukayat Moisemhe Lagos - A cross section of women in Lagos have expressed their preference for wigs as Valentine’s Day gift over flowers and chocolates, the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports. The women expressed their views in separate interviews with NAN in Lagos on Tuesday. NAN reports that… In "News" Nollywood actress, Lizzy Anjorin, has advised women to be mindful that men are born polygamists and may lust after their best friends or house keeper. The actress in an interview with The Sun, advised women not to end relationships or marriages because their husband slept with housemaid or their bestfriend.… In "Entertainment"