The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has debunked the rumour making the rounds that Mazi Simon Ekpa had been appointed to take over Radio Biafra as its Interim Leader. It described the misrepresentation of facts as deliberate and handwork of detractors and enemies of its struggle, urging members and general public to disregard such. In a statement by the Media and Publicity Secretary, Emma Powerful, IPOB stated nobody had been appointed to take over from its leader, assuring he will soon be released to continue with the liberation movement. It explained that Ekpa, an illustrious son of Biafra, was only included among the broadcasters on the Radio Biafra platform on the directive of its Leader, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu. The statement reads in part: “The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) ably led by our indomitable leader, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, wish to confirm the directive by our Leader Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, that Mazi Simon Ekpa, an illustrious son of Biafra be included among the broadcasters on the Radio Biafra platform. “We, therefore, wish to also debunk the fake information and falsehood making the rounds that Mazi Simon Ekpa had been appointed to take over Radio Biafra or the Interim Leader of IPOB. This deliberate misrepresentation of facts is the handwork of detractors and enemies of our struggle. “Mazi Simon Ekpa is only one of the many broadcasters on Radio Biafra whose immense contributions to the struggle are recognised. “Nobody has been appointed to take over from our leader because he will soon be out to continue with the liberation movement. “We want to reiterate that IPOB is a united, formidable and well structured family that even in the absence of our Leader the operations of our movement runs effortlessly on a well established structure. “The Directorate of State, (DOS) is fully in charge of the affairs in IPOB worldwide and therefore no vacuum exists concerning the day to day running of this great movement. “We know that confusionists and the enemies of our struggle are looking for an opportunity to instigate disaffection and create crisis in IPOB especially now that our Leader is in detention but there plan is dead on arrival. “We therefore, wish to urge the wonderful IPOB family worldwide as well as the general public to disregard any other information to the contrary. “Importantly too, any information purportedly coming from IPOB that does not pass through our normal channel of information dissemination should be disregarded.”   Source Abuja - Simon Ekpa who took over broadcast in Radio Biafra from his master, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, leader of the outlawed Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB has prayed for wisdom to carry out the affairs of the secession group as Kanu remains in the custody of the Department of State… In "Top Stories" The federal government has been called out for trying to create disunity among Ndigbo. According to the Indigenous People of Biafra, the federal government created a fake Igbo group and used it to call for the repatriation of its leader, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu. Recall that there were reports that an… In "News" Leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) Mazi Nnamdi Kanu has warned members of the group against attacks on Yorubas. Kanu issued the warning during his live broadcast on Sunday. In a statement by the Head of Directorate of State of IPOB, Mazi Chika Edoziem, Kanu said the time… In "News"