The Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, on Monday has revealed that its intelligence gathering showed that Nigeria and Kenya struck a “dirty deal” before its leader, Nnamdi Kanu was allegedly abducted arrested, tortured and brought back to the country.  IPOB disclosed this while insisting that Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyetta betrayed Kanu. Spokesman of the group, Emma Powerful disclosed that IPOB has uncontroversial evidence of how Kenyetta betrayed Kanu and tried to cover up their tracks. Powerful was reacting to a denial by the Kenyan Ambassador to Nigeria, Wilfred Machage who absolved his country of the re-arrest of Kanu by the Nigerian government. A statement by Powerful reads partly: “The attention of the global family of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) ably led by our great leader Mazi Nnamdi Kanu has been drawn to the lame denial by the Kenyan Ambassador to Nigeria, Wilfred Machage, of Kenya’s involvement in the criminal abduction of our leader, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu. “This denial is another smart but belated attempt to cover up their atrocity but unfortunately for them, we already have incontrovertible evidence of how the dirty deal between Nigeria and Kenya was struck. Our intelligence gathering has revealed all those involved in this heinous crime. “The fact remains that Kenyan security forces abducted our leader Mazi Nnamdi Kanu at the Nairobi International Airport and tortured him for eight days. Our Leader Mazi Nnamdi Kanu was travelling with a British passport. “Contrary to claims by the Nigeria Government, our leader was not travelling with any Nigeria passport because he is not a Nigerian. He was born in Biafra and he has since publicly renounced any connections with Nigeria.”  Source The proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has accused President Uhuru Kenyatta of Kenya and his Government over alleged role in abduction of its leader, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu and subsequent ‘smuggling’ into Nigeria by security agents. The group threatened to sue Kenyatta and his ‘partners in crime’ to the International… In "News" Kenya’s Director-General of Immigration Services, Alexander Muteshi, has dismissed the claims of the country’s complicity in the arrest and “extradition” of the leader of Indigenous People of Biafra, Nnamdi Kanu, to Nigeria. Also, an Official in the Kenya Ministry of Interior said that the ministry is not aware of the… In "News" •Kanu By Emma Elekwa Leader of the proscribed Indigenous people of Biafra (IPOB), Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, will on Tuesday lead a delegation to the UN office in Geneva, Switzerland. The Media and Publicity Secretary of the group, Emma Powerful, who disclosed this on Sunday in a statement, however, said the… In "Top Stories"