 Less than three weeks before the start of the Olympic Games, Tokyo has recorded the highest number of new coronavirus infections in almost two months. The city government reported 920 new cases within 24 hours on Wednesday, the most in a day since May 13, when the Olympic host city recorded 1,010 new infections. The rising infection rates are fuelling concerns among many people who fear that the Games could become a super-spreader event. Organisers, however, assured that everything will be “safe.” Tokyo is currently under a semi state of emergency, in place until Sunday, after stricter rules were lifted on June 20 after about two months. The government is reportedly considering extending the semi state of emergency by a month, which would mean that it would also be in force during the Games. The Games are set to start on July 23. According to media reports, Japan’s organisers are expected to meet on Thursday with the central government, the Tokyo metropolitan government and the International Olympic and Paralympic Committees. This is to discuss whether to allow spectators at the Games. (NAN) Coronavirus numbers continue to rise in Tokyo three weeks ahead of the start of the Olympics, with 716 infections announced on Saturday over the past 24 hours. Broadcasters NHK quoted a city council member as saying that the number of infections is rising steadily again and that the majority of… In "News" Tokyo - Japan on Friday said it was determined to hold a “safe and secure” Tokyo Olympics on schedule, after U.S. President Donald Trump suggested a one-year delay because of the coronavirus pandemic. Lawmakers later granted Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe emergency powers to close schools and halt large gatherings.… In "Foreign" Tokyo - The Tokyo Olympics next July will be a “uniquely risky” event, demanding flexibility from organisers amid the uncertainty of the Coronavirus pandemic, particularly if a vaccine has not been rolled out by then, medical experts say. Japan and the International Olympic Committee made the unprecedented decision last month… In "Sports"