ENUGU – Two soldiers have been killed as troops repelled attack by suspected operatives of the Eastern Security Network (ESN) at Adani community in Uzo-Uwani Council Area of Enugu State. The troops were deployed to check the activities of gunmen in the community before gunmen attacked thier location at Iggah/Asaba checkpoint. According to a statement by the Director Army Public Relations Brigadier General Onyema Nwachukwu, “Nigerian Army troops deployed to checkmate the activities of gunmen at Adani community of Uzo-Uwani Local Government Area of Enugu State, yesterday 13 July 2021, repelled Eastern Security Network (ESN) gun attack on troops’ location at Iggah/Asaba checkpoint. “Sadly, during the fire fight that ensued, two soldiers paid the supreme price. Troops are currently on the trail of the criminals”. “We assure the general public of our commitment to provide adequate security in the general area in collaboration with other security agencies. We also urge members of the public to complement the effort of the security agencies by remaining law abiding and provide useful information on the fleeing gunmen”. (The Nation) In what appeared to be a well-planned attack, about a dozen men armed with AK 47 and grenades on Saturday killed about eight people, including three security personnel, and set the country home of Governor Hope Uzodinma of Imo State at Omuma, Oru East Local Government Area of the state… In "News" •Brig-Gen Bernard Onyeuko, acting director, Defence media operations By Sumaila Ogbaje ABUJA - Security operatives have eliminated scores of criminals linked to the outlawed Independent Peoples of Biafra (IPOB) and their Eastern Security Network (ESN) counterparts.The Defence Headquarters said in Abuja on Thursday that the criminals were eliminated in the Southeast and parts of… In "Security" It was a bloody day on Wednesday as gunmen went on the rampage in various parts of the country. They killed two policemen in an attack on the Adani divisional headquarters in Enugu State. In Kaduna State, bandits killed a worker and abducted a yet-to-be specified number of students from… In "News"