 Mr Damar Victor, the Assistant General Manager (Wildlife), Plateau Tourism Corporation, has urged governments at all levels to revamp the tourism sector, saying its potential is inexhaustible. Victor made the call in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Jos on Wednesday. He said tourism could serve an additional source of revenue to the nation, as oil which the country depended on as its main source of revenue could dry up one day. The wildlife Manager, while enumerating the benefits of the sector, gave example of African countries that were thriving on tourism, adding that while oil reserve was exhaustible, tourism, if properly managed, would never disappear. “When you go to the Eastern part of Africa Tanzania, Namibia,Kenya and others, you will notice that all these countries do not have oil. They don’t have oil to over depend on. “We have forgotten that some day this oil could dry up, but tourism potential will never perish in time, if properly managed. “So, governments must begin to look inward and invest in tourism because it has more prospects and will not go away easily,” he said. Similarly, Mrs Victoria Yamba, the Assistant General Manager Marketing and Promotions of the corporation, urged the Plateau Government to identity the potential in the state’s tourism sector and utilise them adequately. “My advice to the state government is to help identify the potential that we already have; some have already been identified; some have yet to be tapped, while some are in the process of being tapped. “So, when all these potential are identified, I think Plateau will stop relying on federal allocation,”Yamba said. She also called on residents of the state, particularly the youth, to engage in skills using the available natural resources to boost the tourism industry in the state. (NAN) JOS -  The Plateau State Government said on Friday that it was prepared for a post oil era economic regime in the country by developing other sources of revenue generation, especially the tourism sector. The Commissioner for Culture and Tourism, Mr Abraham Yiljap, made the the assertion in Jos when… In "News" By Rotimi Ijikanmi, The sudden and sustained decline in the price of petroleum, the mainstay of the nation’s economy, has been impacting negatively on the country’s revenue base. As predicted by a former Central Bank Governor, Sanusi Lamido Sanusi, the decline has led to massive depreciation of the currency, a… In "News" By Joshua Olomu Abuja -   The Hospitality and Tourism Management Association of Nigeria (HATMAN) has urged government at all levels to work towards placing Nigeria among the world top tourism destinations by the year 2020. The association made the call in a communiqué signed by its National President, Mr… In "Business"