KADUNA – The Congress of Northern Nigeria Christians (CNNC) has called on President Muhammadu Buhari and Kaduna State Governor, Nasir el-Rufai, to listen to Nigerians and protect them from the rising spate of kidnapping and banditry terrorising the people of the state. The body also called on Buhari and el-Rufai to match words with action to ensure that insecurity is dealt with thus giving people the confidence to move freely in search of their means of livelihood. A statement issued by Elder Bulus Dogara, State Chairman; and Rev. Eugene Luka Adamu, State Secretary; the congress emphasised, “This is necessary because wherever there is peace there will be rapid development in no small measure. Hence the plea of Congress of Northern Nigeria Christians, Kaduna state chapter for government to take decisive steps to ensure the security of people and property.” The group said it is with heavy hearts that they are compelled to make contributions to the happenings in the country, particularly in Northern Nigeria with the incessant killings that have become the order of the day, saying that the increased killings and kidnapping in the society has indeed become a thing of concern. The congress noted that most worrisome is the recent happenings that the bandits have developed another method of kidnapping students especially in Kaduna State from Federal College of Forestry Mechanization, Afaka, Kaduna, to Greenfield University, Kaduna, where their students were kidnapped and millions of naira were given as ransom besides the students that were killed before the others could be released. The statement lamented, “Of recent, the kidnapping of students of Bethel Baptist High School, Damishi, in Chukun Local Government Area where small children were kidnapped and to date they are in the hands of their abductors in the bush in a harsh environment that they are made to forcibly face for the offense they did not commit. The kidnappers also went to Faith Academy but thank God they were repelled by the security is disheartening.” The congress explained that the insecurity in the state is so terrifying that in Zango Kataf Local Government Area, Katsit, Kibori, Warkan, and other villages have all fallen into the hands of bandits and kidnappers at will with lives and properties destroyed. The popular saying among Nigerians, nay, Africans, that there is no smoke without fire, may have readily given credence to the current strong speculations that the governor of Kaduna State, Nasir El-rufai has made up his mind to run for the 2023 presidential election as a candidate from the north… In "News" KADUNA (Sundiata Post) - President Muhammadu Buhari has lauded Kaduna City for its stabilising role in the history of Northern Nigeria in particular and Nigeria in general. The President described it as a city chosen by destiny to play these significant roles in the development of the country. Muhammadu… In "Local News" The Governor of Kaduna state, Nasir El-Rufai has been dragged on Twitter and called names by Aisha Yesufu. The Bring Back Our Girls co-convener and #EndSARS protest frontliner, Aisha Yesufu called out El-Rufai over the state of insecurity in Kaduna state. Reacting to a tweet in which a lady notified… In "News"