ENUGU – The Director General, Scientific and Equipment Development Institute (SEDI), Prof. Samuel Ndubuisi has been shot dead by hoodlums. He was killed at the Enugu end of the Enugu/Port Hacourt Express Road Enugu. The video which has gone viral in the social media shows the police orderly lying lifeless on the express while Prof. Ndubuisi’s body lay by his Prado Jeep. The driver who was reportedly injured in the incident was reportedly rushed to an undisclosed hospital for treatment. The Jeep in which the Director General was riding in was riddled with bullet showing that his assailants had opens fire on the vehicle before it was forced to a halt. Reacting to the incident Enugu State Police Command in a statement said “information surrounding a shooting incident today, 07/07/2021 at about 1600hrs, along Enugu/Port-Harcourt Expressway, said to have led to the death of a man and his police orderly, is still sketchy. Meanwhile, preliminary investigation has commenced. Further development will be duly communicated. The statement was issued by the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), ASP Daniel Ndukwe. Gov. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu State has already visited the scene of the accident. •Enugu SSG, Prof. Simon Ortuanya ENUGU - The Enugu State Government has directed the Management of ESUT Teaching Hospital Parklane, Enugu, to immediately carry out an autopsy on the body of Mrs. Regina Mba of Nchatancha Nike in Enugu East Local Government Area, who was reportedly killed by herdsmen recently.… In "Top Stories" By Stanley Nwanosike Enugu - The Enugu State Police Command has launched a manhunt for the abductors of  the traditional ruler of Obom, Agbogugu Community in the Awgu Local Government Area of the state. Igwe Sunday Orji was abducted on Aug. 1, in the latest high-profile crime in Enugu State,… In "Metro" Five persons including a bride and groom billed to wed yesterday, at the St. Mary’s Catholic Church, Trans Ekulu, Enugu were shot dead by rampaging robbers on Friday night. The gunmen who robbed Genuine Petrol Station in the Trans Ekulu area of the capital city killed the Manager of the… In "News"