 The 6 Division Nigerian Army Officers’ Wives Association (NAOWA), on Monday donated relief items to two orphanages in Obio/Akpor, near Port Harcourt.The items donated included bags of rice, cartons of tomato paste, vegetable oil, noodles, beverages, toiletries, toothpastes, among others.Presenting the items, Mrs Hafsat Mohammed, the Chairperson of NAOWA in the state, said the gesture was borne out of the desire to show love and care to the less privileged and the needy.Represented by a NAOWA member, Mrs Uduak Etuk, Mohammed said the donation was in commemoration of the Nigerian Army Day Celebration.“Aside from providing humanitarian services to children and babies at orphanages homes, NAOWA also provides several other charitable services.“This includes training of widows and children at the barracks on vocational skills as well as empowering them after the training.“We also organise health workshops for women, widows, soldiers’ wives and children as well as visit elder peoples’ homes and handicaps, among others,” she said.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the orphanages that benefited from the donation are Our Saviour Orphanage Home, Rumuokoro and Lemu Orphanage Home, Rukpokwu.Mohammed, wife of Maj.-Gen. Sanni Mohammed, General Officer Commanding 6 Division, promised that the association would continue to do more to improve the welfare of the needy.She advised the children to always have a positive outlook toward life, adding that the orphanage was not their permanent home.Earlier, Mr Samuel Vopnu, the Director of Lemu Orphanage Home, Rukpokwu, thanked the association for the donation and urged wealthy individuals and organisations to emulate NAOWA.“Most of these children here were abandoned in the streets, and as such, do not have a father, mother or relatives to care for them.“However, society cannot abandon them too because it is no fault of theirs to be dumped.People should assist us with donations to care for the children,” he pleaded. (NAN) By Deborah Coker   Benin   -     Mrs Ummul-Kulthum Buratai, President, Nigerian Army Officers’ Wives Association (NAOWA) on Wednesday in Benin, inaugurated a skills acquisition centre at the Ekenhuan Barracks of the 4 Brigade, Nigerian Army in Benin. She said that the project was in line with the barracks and investment… In "News" By Mohammad Tijjani Kaduna - The President Nigerian Army Officers Wives Association (NAOWA), Mrs Ummu Kulthum  Buratai, on Thursday pledged to sustain the welfare of wives of fallen heroes. Mrs Buratai made the pledge while donating relief materials to widows of the fallen heroes at 1 Division Garrison Kaduna. The News… In "News" By Suleiman Shehu Ibadan - The Nigerian Army Officers’ Wives  Association (NAOWA), 2 Division, Ibadan, on Thursday donated relief materials to wives of fallen heroes. The association also donated a new bus to the NAOWA school. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the association also visited the Ibadan… In "News"