 The Rotary Club of Maryland, Ikeja, in collaboration with Chris Bamidele Onalaja Foundation (CBOF) has commenced construction of Amuwo Odofin Maternal and Child Centre (AOMCC), to boost healthcare delivery . The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the hospital being constructed , referred to as the organisations’ “Star Project”, will be delivered within nine months. Speaking at a ceremony on Saturday in Lagos, Mr Remi Bello, District Governor, Rotary International, District 9110, said that the hospital would provide access to maternal and child health, which is one of the organisation’s area of focus. Bello pledged that the organisations would deliver a well-packaged health facility on completion. “We are going to use our Rotary Foundation, the international arm of Rotary, to go for equipment and furnishing,” he said. Mr Bamidele Onalaja, President, Rotary Club of Maryland, Ikeja, said the construction of the hospital was the star project, among others for the club’s “Changemaker Year”. Onalaja, who is also the Founder of CBOF said: “During the year, we are expected to carry out several projects; I chose this because of its nature and cost. “This project is very fundamental to Rotary; we want to touch lives.” In his remarks, the Medical Director of AOMCC, Dr Ayodapo Soyinka said the project, when completed will be impactful as it is what the hospital needs to boost its service delivery. He added that the building was going to have private wards, a creche where female staff can keep their babies when on call and lounges for staff to relax during and after work. “It’s going to have birthing suites where people can come and deliver, have a room to themselves, well-monitored with all the gadgets in there. “We’re going to have high dependent units for babies, which means apart from the neonatal wards, we’re going to have equipment that can monitor babies who need more critical care. “It’s like a mini Intensive Care Unit (ICU); babies who are already unconscious, babies who came out bad with respiratory difficulties can have gadgets that can monitor them,” he said. Also, the Apex Nurse of the hospital, Mrs Roseline Oladimeji, told NAN that the new building will make life easier, not only for the nurses but the entire staff. “There will also be an ICT unit which will help nurses learn more and be on top of their game and enhance productivity. “With the creche, we won’t bother looking for where to keep our babies and this will help us concentrate better at our jobs so we can give quality care to our patients,” she said. Dr Benjamin Eniayewun, Permanent Secretary, Health Service Commission (HSC), Lagos State, commended Rotary Club and CBOF for partnering with the government to deliver good healthcare to the citizens. Eniayewun, who was represented by Dr Adeyinka Otegbola, urged both private and corporate organisations to collaborate with the government in ensuring that quality healthcare is delivered in the state. “Lagos State Government is investing so much on health but because of the influx of immigrants to the state, all our facilities are always being stretched to elastic limits, ” he said. (NAN) By Taiye Baiyerohi Lagos  -   Rotary International, District 9110, on Friday distributed over 400 treated mosquito nets to nursing mothers in Onigbongbo community, Lagos State, to curb maternal and child  mortality rate in the state. The distribution took place at the palace of Oba Munirudeen Yusuf, the Onigbongbo of Ikeja.… In "News" By Abiodun Azi Lagos - The Rotary International Club of New Towns, Oko-Oba, District 9110, Nigeria, on Friday inaugurated a toilet and a borehole it donated to Yewa Primary School in Orile Agege, Lagos State. The District Governor for District 9110, Dr Olajide Akeredolu, who was on an official visit… In "News" By Olatunde Odebiyi   The Rotary Club of Festac Town in Lagos State will sponsor the fibroid surgery and treatment of 10 women at a cost of N3million, its president Mrs Onyinye Ogbonna, has said. She spoke at the weekend during her investiture as the 38th president of the club. The… In "Metro"