The Senate will Wednesday consider and pass the Federal Government’s N895.842billion supplementary budget, it was learnt on Tuesday.  Senate President Ahmad Lawan, gave this indication during plenary after the Senate Committee on Appropriation laid its report on the Supplementary Appropriation Bill, 2021. The consideration of the request from the Executive by the Senate is an indication that the supplementary budget would be passed tomorrow. The Appropriations Committee Chairman, Senator Jibrin Barau, had last week pleaded with the upper chamber to allow the Joint Committees of the Senate and House of Representatives come up with a harmonised report on the supplementary bill to facilitate its eventual presentation today. Senator Barau in keeping with his request for time extension finally laid the report on the Supplementary Appropriation Bill, 2021, before the upper chamber during plenary on Tuesday. President Buhari had about two weeks ago transmitted a Supplementary Appropriation Bill for N895.842, 465,917 billion to the National Assembly for consideration and approval. He explained that the proposed amount would be used to fund the COVID-19 vaccine programme; fund health related expenditures for treatment of additional 50,000 patients under the Nigeria Comprehensive AIDS Program in states; and procure additional equipment captured in this year’s capital expenditure on Defence and Security to tackle prevalent security challenges across the country.  Source By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, has said that the upper chamber will tomorrow consider President Muhammadu Buhari’s N895.842 billion supplementary budget request. Lawan made the disclosure on Tuesday during plenary after the Senate received the report of the Committee on Appropriation on… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate will on Tuesday, next week, consider President Muhammadu Buhari’s request to the National Assembly for the approval of N895.84 billion naira as supplementary budget for the 2021 fiscal year. The Senate President, Ahmad Lawan, gave the hint in his remark during… In "Top Stories" According to The PUNCH, the Senate President, Ahmad Lawan, on Wednesday, referred the N895, 842,465,917.00 Supplementary Budget meant to tackle insecurity and health-related issues to the Committee on Appropriation. Lawan, who gave the directive after the supplementary appropriation passed second reading on the floor of the Senate, asked the Senator… In "Politics"