The price of a litre of Automotive Gas Oil, also known as diesel, has maintained an upward trend as it rose to a record high of N290 this week.  The PUNCH had reported last week that the price of a litre of diesel had increased to N280, buoyed by the recent increase in global oil prices and naira devaluation. In February, when the global oil benchmark, Brent crude, averaged $62.28 per barrel, the price of diesel, which is not regulated by the government, ranged from N220 to N250 per litre in Lagos. Brent crude, which has been trading above $70 per barrel since the start of June, increased to $74.27 per barrel as of 8:06pm Nigerian time on Thursday. Our correspondent observed on Thursday that the price of the diesel ranged from N275 to N285 per litre in several filling stations in Lagos. Mobil, Capital Oil and Gas, Fatgbems as well as Oando filling stations, all along the Lagos-Ibadan Expressway, sold the product for N290, N288.9, N285 and N275 per litre respectively. Diesel is mostly used by businesses to power their generators amid a lack of reliable power supply from the national grid. The President, Association of Small Business Owners of Nigeria, Mr Femi Egbesola, had last week described diesel price hike as alarming, saying, “It is just too much for us to bear.” The National Bureau of Statistics, in its latest diesel price watch report, said the average price paid by consumers for the product increased by 0.69 per cent month-on-month and by 8.99 per cent year-on-year to N238.82 in May from N237.19 in April.  Source The price of Automotive Gas Oil also known as diesel has been increased by fuel marketers to N265 per litre. The price of diesel first rose to a new high of N250 per litre on February 24, with businesses taking a beating on the back of rising energy costs. Some… In "Business" Lagos -  Some-small scale operators and commercial motorists plying Lagos roads on Sunday lamented over the increasing price of diesel which now stands at N200 per litre in most of the filling stations in Lagos. They told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in interviews that the increasing price had… In "Business" April landing cost, N216, devaluation, rising crude price fueling price increaseThe landing cost of Premium Motor Spirit being imported into Nigeria surged by more than 60 per cent between December 2020 and mid-June this year, although the pump price of the product remained unchanged, ’FEMI ASU reports. From an average… In "Features"