By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – President Muhammadu Buhari will inaugurate the construction of Kano -Kaduna rail project in the next weeks, the Minister of Transportation Rotimi Amaechi disclosed on Friday in Abuja. The minister, who was speaking at the weekly Presidential Media briefing organised by the State House Media Unit, said already all contracts for the projects had been awarded.He said the project would now be funded from the ministry budgetary allocation as the Federal Government would not continue to wait endlessly for the loan. According to him, the Federal Government has already paid 218million dollars to the contractors, saying additional 100million dollars will be paid to them, making it 318million dollars. “In the next two weeks, we should be launching and commencing immediately the construction of Kano-Kaduna rail project. “The president will be launching it and then we will commence construction immediately. “The reason why we are commencing construction immediately is that all the necessary contracts have been awarded. “We have been waiting for the loan for too long from China and the money has not come. “So, we decided to fund it from the budget. We already paid 218million dollars to them and we are about to pay another 100million dollars to make it about 318million dollars. “Kano-Kaduna is about 1.2billion dollars – the moment you pay about 318million dollars, you must have paid one third of the project. “So, we believe that by the time we get the loan we must have funded up to 600million dollars.“So, that should be able to take the project nearly half way before the fund will come because if we continue to wait for the loan whether from China or Europe, we may likely not complete it before we go,’’ he said. The minister said government had so far paid N13billion for the Port Harcourt – Maiduguri rail project, while another N10 billion would soon be paid to hasten action on the project. By Taiye Elebiyo-Edeni Abuja -  The Federal Government on Tuesday signed 6.68 billion dollars contract agreement for the Ibadan-Kaduna segment of the Lagos-Kano rail line with China Civil Engineering Construction Corporation (CCECC). The information is in a statement by Mrs Yetunde Sonaike, the Director, Press, Federal Ministry of Transportation in… In "Business" By Perpetua Onuegbu Abuja - Mr Chibuike Amaechi, the Minister of Transportation said on Thursday that negotiations for the possible construction of the Port Harcourt-Maiduguri rail line were ongoing. The minister said this in a statement issued by Mr Israel Ibeleme, his Media Aide. According to Amaechi, the Federal Government… In "News" By Lucy Ogalue Abuja - The Ministry of Transportation is seeking President Muhammadu Buhari’s approval for the rehabilitation of the Portharcourt – Maiduguri narrow gauge. Minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi, told newsmen in Abuja that while waiting to get the loan to construct the standard gauge, it would be easier… In "Politics"