ABUJA – The Department of State Service, DSS, Thursday night declared Sunday Igboho, convener of Yoruba Nation Movement wanted. The Service confirmed that its men raided the residence of Igboho on the basis of credible intelligence reports that he stockpiled arms and ammunition in the place. Spokesperson of the DSS, Dr Peter Afunanya, stated this at a press briefing in Abuja. The text of the media chat entitled: “PRESS BRIEFING AT THE NATIONAL HEADQUARTERS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE SERVICES (DSS) ABUJA ON A JOINT SECURITY OPERATION ON 1ST JULY, 2021 AT IBADAN, OYO STATE”, reads: “In the early hours (about 0134 hours) of today, 1st July, 2021, a joint team of security operatives raided the residence of Sunday Adeniyi Adeyemo a.k.a. SUNDAY IGBOHO at Soka, Ibadan, Oyo State. This was based on intelligence that he had stockpiled arms in the place. On approach to the residence, the team came under heavy gun attack by nine (9) men, suspected to be IGBOHO’s guards. Six (6) of them were armed with AK-47 gun and Three (3) others, with Pump-Action riffles. “2. In the course of the exchange, two (2) of IGBOHO’s armed men were gunned down while the rest were subdued and arrested. Only one operative who was shot by the assailants on his right hand sustained injury. He has however received medical attention and is very stable. “3. Afterwards, the team procedurally searched the house and subsequently recovered the following among others:i. Seven (7) AK-47 assault rifles;ii. Three (3) Pump Action guns;iii. Thirty (30) fully charged AK-47 magazines;iv. Five Thousand (5,000) rounds of 7.62mm ammunition;v. Five (5) Cutlasses, One (1) Jack knife, One (1) Pen Knifevi. Two (2) Pistol holsters;vii. One (1) binocularsviii. A wallet containing Five (5) US Dollars in one (1) Dollar denomination; local and international driver’s licences in his name, ATM Cards, a German residence permit No. YO2N6K1NY bearing his name;ix. Two (2) whistles;x. Fifty (5) Cartridges;xi. Eighteen (18) Walkie-Talkies;xii. Three Voodoo charm jackets/traditional body armour;xiii. Two (2) Laptops (One (1) Toshiba and One (1) Compaq); andxiv. His International Passport and those of many others (as displayed here). Further exploitation and forensic analysis are ongoing. “4. Aside the items recovered from the building, about thirteen (13) suspects including twelve (12) males and one (1) female were arrested and brought to Abuja. While one suspect is being profiled, the other twelve (12) paraded here are:i. Abdulateef OFEYAGBEii. Amoda BABATUNDE aka Lady K (female)iii. Tajudeen ERINOYENiv. Diakola ADEMOLAv. Abideen SHITTUvi. Jamiu NOAHvii. Ayobami DONALDviii. Adelabe USMANix. Oluwafelumi KUNLEx. Raji KAZEEMxi. Taiwo OPEYEMI andxii. Bamidele SUNDAY. 5. Highlights of this brief are to: i. Inform Nigerians and the world that Sunday IGBOHO and his group, in the guise of campaign for self-determination, have become well-armed and determined to undermine public order. This, the arrests and seizures are, no doubt, a confirmation of a grand plan by IGBOHO and his cohorts to wage a violent insurrection against the Nigerian State. ii. Alert foreign missions and licencing authorities within and outside Nigeria about this development and the possibility that IGBOHO could declare some of his personal permit and identity cards missing in order to seek their replacement. iii. Apprise stakeholders that the Five (5) AK-47 assault rifles recovered from the building are suspected to be those collected by IGBOHO’s men from Nigerian Customs and Immigration personnel at Idi Iroko, Ogun State. “6. The gun duel which lasted for an hour offered IGBOHO the chance to escape. Sunday ADEYEMO a.k.a Sunday IGBOHO is now on the run. IGBOHO may run as far as he can. He may hide as long as he wants. He might have attacked security operatives as his strength carried him. But this will be the end of his shenanigans. Soon, he will not have a hiding place. His strength will sure fail him. And the law will catch up with him. The law may be slow. But it will be steady. “7. Consequently, ADEYEMO/IGBOHO is advised to turn himself in to the nearest security agency. Those cheering and eulogising him may appeal to or advise him to do the needful. He should surrender himself to the appropriate authorities. He or anyone can never be above the law. Meanwhile, those arrested will be charged accordingly.” Peter Afunanya, Ph.DPublic Relations OfficerDepartment of State ServicesNational HeadquartersAbuja.1st July, 2021 The Department of State Services (DSS) on Friday refuted reports they had attempted to arrest Sunday Igboho in Oyo State. Public Relations Officer, National Headquarters, Abuja, Dr Peter Afunanya, in a statement described it as fake news. A tersely worded statement by Afunanya reads: “The Department of State Services wishes… In "News" •Sunday Igboho Soldiers of the Nigerian Army have attacked the residence of Yoruba freedom fighter, Sunday Adeyemo, popularly known as Sunday Igboho, in the early hours of Monday, according to SaharaReporters. This was disclosed by his aide, Olayomi Koiki, who told SaharaReporters that the soldiers unleashed mayhem on the activist's… In "Top Stories" ••Bullet hole after attack on Igboho's residence l IBADAN - The Soka Ibadan residence of Yoruba Nation Agitator, Chief Sunday Adeyemo aka Sunday Igboho was raided in the early hours of Thursday by yet-to-be-identified gunmen. The incident reportedly occurred around 1:00am. The media page of Igboho’s spokesperson, Mr Olayomi Koiki, in… In "Top Stories"