The All Progressives Congress (APC) Professional Forum has attributed the passage of the Petroleum Industry Bill (PIB) to cooperation between President Muhammadu Buhari and leadership of National Assembly.  This is contained in a statement by the forum’s National Coordinator, Mr Akeem Akintayo, on Friday in Abuja. Akintayo noted that the cooperation between the executive and legislative arms of government could effect changes in the country. “We see it as a reflection of the spirit of cooperation that enveloped the National Assembly complex since the emergence of Ahmad Lawan and Femi Gbajabiamila as Senate President and Speaker of the House of Representatives. “It shows how a cordial relationship between the Executive and the Legislature could translate into positive development in overall national interest especially at a time that a tiny minority of Nigerians has had to mock the current leadership as a rubber stamp of the Presidency. “But the passage of a bill that had, for over 20 years, witnessed a lot of setbacks and false dawns has shown how two sets of leadership with common goal can work assiduously. “This is what the friendly relationship between President Buhari and the National Assembly has shown,” he said. Akintayo added: “The passage of this bill has further demonstrated the sincerity and willingness of the APC- led administration to effect a quantum change not only in the oil sector but also in the lives of the average Nigerian.’’ He commended the APC for its role in ensuring that the National Assembly has a visionary leadership. “We also commend the national leadership of our great party for ensuring that the right leadership that will complement Buhari is put in place in the National Assembly this time,” he said. Akintayo assured Nigerians that the APC would continue to work in the best interest of Nigerians.  (NAN) By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  The leadership of the National Assembly said Monday that the ninth Assembly will break the jinx of not being able to pass the Petroleum Industry Bill after several attempts. The President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan and the Speaker of the House of… In "Top Stories" By Bolaji Buhari Lagos -  An advocacy group, Civil Society Legislative Advocacy Centre (CISLAC), has urged the National Assembly to urgently pass all components of the Petroleum Industry Bill (PIB) to transform the petroleum sector. Mr Kolawole Banwo, the CISLAC’s Programme Manager, made the call on Wednesday during the group’s… In "News" By Chinyere Bassey Lagos - Major unions in the oil and gas industry on Monday urged the National Assembly to accelerate passage of the Petroleum Industry Bill (PIB). The unions are: Nigeria Union of Petroleum and Natural Gas Workers (NUPENG) and the Petroleum and Natural Gas Senior Staff Association of… In "Politics"