 Sergio Busquets expects this to be his last European Championship with Spain, but the midfielder has not decided when to end his international career. Busquets lifted the FIFA World Cup in 2010 and played his part in La Roja’s Euro 2012 triumph nine years ago. The FC Barcelona player has another major trophy in his sights, with Spain taking on Italy in the semi-finals of Euro 2020 at Wembley Stadium on Tuesday. Spain captain Busquets has thought about his future with the national team at the age of 32, but says beating the Azzurri is the only thing on his mind for now. “You have to think about when to finish your cycle. What I have in mind is that this will be the last European Championship and then it depends. “You have to go step by step, I am no longer 20 years old. I feel very good, I am very comfortable in the group,” he said. “The coach always says that age does not matter, that as long as you are well he will have those who are better and those who make merit, later it will be seen. “At the moment I’m thinking about the semi-final with Italy, which is the important thing, then there’s the Nations League in October and we’ll see. “A year can be very long, I am very excited. But I am also responsible and I want the best for myself and for everyone.” Busquets says also that Spain are lucky to have Luis Enrique in charge of the national team. “We are lucky and privileged to have Luis Enrique here. He is developing his idea, with his work group, with players that he believes in, with a very great ambition and that is reflected on the field. (NAN) ELCHE     -      Spain’s golden era is often described as being constructed on a base of Barcelona players but the team’s future looks set to revolve around footballers from Real Madrid if the resounding 6-0 hammering of Croatia on Tuesday is anything to go by. Four of the six… In "Sports" Mourinho believes Balotelli can do better Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho believes Italy striker Mario Balotelli can improve drastically as soon as he realises his potential. Mourinho, who coached Balotelli in his days in charge of Inter Milan, feels the gifted forward will always be himself, yet will begin to… In "Sports" Barcelona (Spain) -  FC Barcelona could be without vital midfielder Sergio Busquets for their UEFA Champions League quarter-final first leg after the club said the Spain international would miss three weeks of action. The midfielder had injured his toe against Chelsea FC on Wednesday in a last-16 second leg fixture… In "Sports"