One of the presidential media aides, Ms. Lauretta Onochie, has denied her membership of the ruling All Progressives Congress before the Senate Committee on the Independent National Electoral Commission.  She, however, admitted swearing to an oath at an Abuja Federal High Court that she was a member of the APC. An affidavit deposed to by Onochie on June 30, 2021, affirming her APC membership and volunteer activities at the Buhari Support OrganisationShe told the committee that she stopped being a member of the ruling party immediately after the 2019 elections. Onochie further told the panel that Mrs. May Agbamuche, a serving INEC National Commissioner from Delta State, represents Cross River on the INEC board. The content of Onochie’s June 30, 2021 sworn affidavit states as follows: In the High Court of the Federal Capital Territory in the Abuja Judicial Division Holden at Abuja Between Lauretta Onochie PlaintiffAndEmeka Ugwuonye-Defendant PLAINTIFF’S WITNESS STATEMENT ON OATH I, LAURETTA ONOCHIE, Nigerian citizen, of c/o 13 Nouakchott Street. Wuse Zone 1, Abuja, Nigeria, do make an oath and state as follows:  5.That the Defendant is a blogger and social commentator whose blogs and commentaries enjoy wide circulation and readership in Nigeria and abroad.  Source A Civil Society Organization, Concerned Nigerians Group, CNG, Wednesday, wrote Senate to reject President Muhammadu Buhari’s nomination of his Personal Assistant on Social, Lauretta Onochie, as Independent National Electoral Commissioner from Delta State.   This was contained in a letter written to the President o the Senate, and signed by… In "News" ABUJA - The Senate is under pressure to confirm Special Assistant to the President on Social Media, Lauretta Onochie, as a national commissioner of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), it was learnt on Monday. A principal officer of the Senate is spearhead the lobbying, according to a source. After… In "Top Stories" The Christian Association of Nigeria has faulted the nomination of a presidential aide, Lauretta Onochie, as a national commissioner of the South-South in the Independent National Electoral Commission, describing it as “an executive recklessness, a dirty slap on the populace, and a gross violation of the 1999 constitution (as Amended).”… In "News"