ILORIN – Three members of the same family in Kwara State have died of food poisoning. The victims were said to have lost their lives after consuming Amala, a local staple in Ilorin East Local Government Area. Five siblings reportedly took the meal. They were all taken to the children’s hospital in Centre Igboro but three of them died. This is coming just about a month after two similar incidents of suspected food poisoning in Baruteen and Kaiama communities of Kwara North. Seventeen people lost their lives in the incident. When contacted, the spokesperson of the Nigeria Security and Civil Defense Corps (NSCDC), Babawale Zaid Afolabi, said he was not aware of the incident. But the Kwara State Disease Surveillance Notification Officer (DSNO), Alhaji Muhammad Abdullahi, confirmed the incident, adding that the two survivors have been discharged. He said: “When we got to the place, their father told us that five of his children ate the Amala meal but three later started vomiting before they were rushed to the Children Specialist Hospital, Ilorin. “He said while they were battling to save the lives, another one was rushed to another hospital but the first three died. Their father, who is a farmer, told us he produced the yam flour (Elubo) himself and cannot say what really happened,” he added. The DSNO said the remaining two children are doing well “when we saw them yesterday (Tuesday)”. (Daily Trust) Ekiti state - A mother and her two children have died after eating 'Amala' in a community in Ekiti state.   The Nation reports that a 45-year-old mother and her two children died on Saturday after consuming suspected poisonous yam flour in Odo-Ayedun Ekiti in Ikole Local Government Areas of Ekiti… In "News" A truly horrific incident has left no less than seven members of the same family dead in Edo state. The heartbreaking incident happened on Friday in Benin City, the Edo State capital. The seven members of a family were said to have died of food poisoning, shortly after taking a… In "Metro" Lagos - Tragedy struck at Olowora area of Mafoluku-Oshodi, Lagos on Wednesday as a family of five and one other person died of suspected food poisoning.    Family members and neighbours were thrown into confusion following the death of five members of a family and their guest in Lagos on Wednesday.… In "News"