 The Kwara Government has released N76 million to start the Nigeria COVID-19 Action Recovery and Economic Stimulus projects in the state. The Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Finance and Planning, Alhaji AbdulRasaq Folorunsho, dropped this hint on Tuesday at the inauguration of the Participatory Rural Appraisal (PRA) exercise in Bode Saadu Community, Moro Local Government Area of the state. Folorunsho explained that the operational fund for the programme was 750 million dollars, and which would cover two years. According to him, the programme will financially support all the 36 states of the federation and the Federal Capital Territory. In her remarks, the General Manager, State Community and Social Development Agency, Hajiya Amamat Haruna said that the project was a welcome development. She said that the NG-CARES was designed to cushion the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, boost the development strides of the state and further strengthen the gains of pro-poor policies of the state government. Haruna said, “the NG-CARES is designed to support budgeted government intervention at the state level, while targeting existing and newly vulnerable and poor households. “It will also support the Agricultural value chains, micro, small and medium enterprises that were affected by the economic crisis, as a result of the Covid-19 pandemic. “Having said this, I would like to congratulate the good people of Bode-Saadu community for being part of history today. “Your community is the first to kick- start the process of NG-CARES implementation with this PRA exercise. “This feat could not have been achieved without the benevolence of Gov. AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq, who released the sum of N76 million to NG-CARES, to commence the project in the state, even before its official effectiveness.” Haruna said. She therefore thanked Gov. AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq, for his commitment to poverty alleviation in the state. In his remarks, the District Head of Bode Saadu, Alhaji Aliu Sulu-Gambari, thanked Governor AbdulRahman for his love for the people of the state, particularly Bode Saadu community. (NAN) Gov. Hope Uzodimma of Imo has​ inaugurated the Imo Steering Committee on Nigeria COVID-19 Action Recovery and Economic Stimulus (NG-CARES) to ensure food security. This is contained in a statement by the Chief Press Secretary to the governor, Mr Oguwike Nwachuku. NG-CARES is an initiative of the Federal Government with… In "News" President Muhammadu Buhari’s $5.513 billion external loan request to finance the revised 2020 budget, has been approved by the senate. Though the senate stood down a component of loan which the federal government said will help in execution of its priority projects and for projects to support State Governments in… In "Politics" By Naomi Sharang ABUJA - The Senate on Wednesday approved $1.5billion and €995million external loan requests From President Mohammadu Buhari. The approval was sequel to the consideration of the report of the Senate Committee on Local and Foreign Debts presented by its Chairman, Sen. Clifford Ordia (PDP-Edo) during plenary. The… In "News"