Popular Nigerian rapper, Vector, has taken to Instagram page to pay tribute to his deceased father, Teslim Ogunmefun . The wordsmith, whose real name is Olanrewaju Ogunmefun, shared the touching message alongside a photo of himself crying in a white garment.  Vector noted he got his confidence from knowing the son of whom he is. He said, “I had a court case at a time, I lost everything I had (and I hate asking for help from anyone… even my own parents. “My Dad walked into the court room on the day set for hearing and my lawyer in that case lost his shit. “That’s the man I was telling you about all these years” he said to his partner next to him. “His friend was killed in a failed brake accident in Ibadan (I think) and when they got there, they were going to shake the driver with all their might and connections but my dad welcomed them in his office and asked if he could read them some Bible passages before they commenced discussions. “They left the office letting go. He didn’t see my dad anymore till the day i had a court case where he represented me in and my dad walked in. I learnt about resting in peace from the life my dad lived. To say “ rest in peace “ is a lie if the person who died didn’t leave good memories of him/herself. “If you wonder where my Confidence comes from, it is in knowing the son of whom I am. you have seen me smile many days, see me cry… Today is different. Teslim.” A post shared by T.E.S.L.I.M (@vectorthaviper) Nigerian rapper Olanrewaju Ogunmefun, popularly known as Vector lost his dad on July 5 2017. Mr Ogunmefun passed away after a brief illness at his Lagos Island residence. Vector has finally spoken publicly on the demise. In an Instagram post, the rapper wrote: “Don’t expect me to post something contrary… In "Entertainment" In what appears to be a comeback, rapper, Olanrewaju Ogunmefun, popularly known as Vector has released a diss track, where he attacked fellow rapper, MI Abaga, and dragged his brother, Jesse Jagz and even the former governor of Lagos State, Akinwunmi Ambode and a waste-processing company, he had introduced to… In "Entertainment" Nigerian rapper and actor, Olanrewaju Ogunmefun, also known as Vector a.k.a 'Victorthaviper' got fans talking with his kissing scene. The kissing scene from the movie 'June' which has gone viral has got so many of his fans talking. The scene shows Vector kissing and smooching a girl who appears to… In "Entertainment"