A strong allegation has been made against Fulani leaders by the Yoruba Diaspora Group, Yoruba One Voice (YOV).  According to DailyPost, the group on Thursday alleged that the Fulanis routinely make threats against the Yorubas right inside the Presidential Villa in Abuja. YOV restated its position for the actualisation of Yoruba Nation, saying attempt to restructure Nigeria under President Muhammadu Buhari “is an exercise in futility”. At a press conference held at the National Press Club in Washington DC, and aired globally via zoom, the group expressed worry at the spate of insecurity across Nigeria. YOV said the agitation for Yoruba Nation had become imperative as the race could no longer “tolerate killer herdsmen in the South-West.” Chairman, Foreign Affairs Department, and organisers of the conference, Debo Adekoya, decried the “killings by Fulani herdsmen, supported by the Federal Government of Nigeria.” Adekoya drew the attention of the public to videos on social media showing the massacre of Yoruba men, women and children. He lamented that the palace of a traditional ruler was razed, and business premises vandalized in Oyo. “The latest was the attack on Chief Sunday Igboho’s residence where eight people were killed with wanton destruction to his property. “Fulani leaders openly talk about their affinity to Aso Rock Presidential Villa, Abuja, boasting that any attempt to chase them away from Yorubaland will lead to more killings.” Adekoya noted that the current agitation is not new, and is supported by millions of Yoruba all over the world. He said to subjugate the Yoruba people in the First Republic, Chief Obafemi Awolowo was jailed by “the Hausa/Fulani oligarchy” on trumped-up charges of treason. The YOV chieftain recalled that Moshood Kashimawo Olawale (MKO) Abiola, won the 1993 presidential election, defeating his challenger, Bashir Tofa, a Kano native. Adekoya accused the Hausa/Fulani oligarchy” of arresting and killing Abiola for insisting on the validation of his victory. Adekoya said in Nigeria, more than 60 million Yoruba who are highly industrious, intelligent and doing exploits all over the Fulani Oligarchy”. “What we are seeking is simple: we want to direct our own affairs without interference because we have sufficient means for a comfortable livelihood and statehood”, Adekoya stated.  Source Leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) Mazi Nnamdi Kanu has assured the people of the South East, South South, and Middle Belt that in no distant time, the new alliance between his group and the Yoruba One Voice (YOV) will see to the attainment of independence by the… In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - A socio-political organisation, the Yoruba Youth Council, has rejected the agitation for grazing reserves for Fulani cattle rearers across the country, with a call on southerners to go and defend their lands against external aggressors. The group also condemned the recent atrocities of Fulani herdsmen in… In "Top Stories" •Nnamdi Kanu, leader of IPOB LAGOS (Press Release) - LAGOS - POLICE REPORT ON IPOB ALLEGED PLAN TO ATTACK LAGOS 1) The attention of Pan Yoruba groups has been drawn to reports by the Nigerian Police Force, NPF that Indigenous Peoples of Biafra, (IPOB-IGBO) are planning to attack Lagos. The… In "Top Stories"