Abuja –   GOVERNOR of Rivers State, Nyesom Wike, literally took charge of the 68 birthday celebration of a former Attorney-General of the state, Chief Onueze Okocha (SAN) during the week. Apart from hosting the celebrant at his residence, the governor also surprised him with a birthday cake. Expectedly, Chief Okocha couldn’t hide his excitement as he was full of thanks for the love extended to him by the governor. Wike was the guest of honour at two events – Flag off of Rumuepirikom Flyover and Commissioning of six roads in Old GRA, Port Harcourt – yet he threw a surprise party for his friend. Wike’s in-house band, Amby & friends, thrilled guests. The All Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Ondo State Gubernatorial candidate, Eyitayo Jegede, Bashorun Dele Momodu and many top politicians were in attendance. Okocha, who was born on June 29, 1953, is an alumnus of the Obafemi Awolowo University (OAU), where he obtained an LLB in 1977, and the University College London (UCL) of the University of London, United Kingdom, where he obtained his LLM in 1980. While he was called to the Bar in Nigeria in 1978, he was conferred with the rank of Senior Advocate of Nigeria (SAN) in 1995. In 2004, the founder and managing solicitor of the Law Firm of Okocha & Okocha.P was awarded the distinguished National Honour of Member of the Order of the Federal Republic of Nigeria (MFR). A chieftain of the All Progressives Congress, APC, in Rivers State, Tony Okocha says the emergence of Governor Nyesom Wike has caused disunity among the people of Rivers state. Okocha, leader of the APC in Obio-Akpor, said this during a programme organized by the party in Obio-Akpor Local Government Area.… In "Politics" By Jean Ambele Abuja  -  Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike, celebrated his 49th birthday at the Government House, Port Harcourt, on Tuesday. The birthday celebration which was hosted by the governor’s wife, Justice Eberechi Nyesom-Wike was seen as a Wife’s Gift to a loving husband by those in attendance. The… In "Top Stories" PORT HARCOURT (Sundiata Post) - Rivers State Governor, Chief Nyesom Wike has declared that the swearing-in of the substantive chief judge of the state, Justice Daisy Wotube Okocha, is a victory for the rule of law and the respect for the rules of succession as outlined by the National Judicial… In "News"