Attacks by bandits at a village in Jibiya LGA of Katsina State around 11pm has led to the death of two Immigration officers.  The bandits also rustled hundreds of cattle. DAILY POST gathered from a reliable source, that the bandits surrounded Kadobe village, close to Immigration checkpoint, after they got information that many cows were sited in the village. The bandits, the source said, decided to engage the immigration officers at the Kadobe checkpoint in a gun duel and succeeded in killing two officers while trying to escape with the rustled cows. The immigration officers, sensing their large numbers and the likelihood of being overpowered, called for reinforcement from the military. The reinforcement team equally ran into an ambush setup by the bandits but were able to repel them. One soldier was injured in the incident. However, the source said many bandits were also killed in the gun duel but the bandits took their remains along with the rustled cows back to their hideouts. “The bandits got information that some people brought cows to the village yesterday and you know that the immigration checkpoint is there. So they came in the night and started exchanging fire with the immigration officers. They succeeded in killing two immigration officers and injured one soldier. “Many of the bandits too were killed but they took away the corpse with the cows,” the source said. DAILY POST reliably gathered that the corpse of the immigration officers killed in the incident have been deposited in the mortuary while the injured soldier is receiving attention at the Federal Medical Centre, Katsina. Calls put through to the NIS PRO and the Police were yet to be responded to at the time of filing this report.  Source The Katsina State Command of the Nigeria Customs Service has been thrown into mourning following the murder of one its officers by bandits at a checkpoint in Dan Arau village along the Katsina/Jibiya Highway.   Garba Nasiru, who was an Assistant Superintendent of Customs, was killed on Friday afternoon. It… In "News" By Zubairu Idris Katsina - The Police Command in Katsina State said on Saturday that it had recovered 500 animals from bandits in Safana Local Government Area of the state. This was disclosed in a statement signed by the command’s Public Relations officer, (PPRO), SP Gambo Isah, and made available… In "News" The Katsina State Police Command has neutralised one suspected bandit, rescued kidnapped victim and 120 stolen animals. This is in a statement issued by the command’s Public Relations Officer, SP Gambo Isah to newsmen on Saturday in Katsina. “On April 23, at about 02:30 hours, a distress call was received… In "Metro"