Sen. Orji Kalu, has refuted social media reports of him paying a private visit to the British High Commissioner to Nigeria, Mrs Catriona Laing to discuss issues relating to IPOB. Kalu, who is the Chief Whip of the Senate, made the clarifications on Tuesday in Abuja, in a statement issued by Mr Emeka Nwala, of Office of the Chief Whip. He explained that contrary to rumours, it was the British High Commissioner that visited him, at his Abuja residence on May 13. He said that he was accompanied by Political Counsellor, British High Commission, Mr Jonathan Bacon and Mr Stuart Gardner, the First Secretary on Political. Kalu called on individuals and groups to desist from spreading false claims about him. He explained that prior to the arrival of the British envoy, the Minister of Labour and Employment, Dr Chris Ngige was in his house on a cordial visit. He said Ngige was not even aware that the British envoy was paying him a visit on that same day. ” It, therefore, baffles me that people could just be carelessly mischievous to state that I paid Her Excellency, Mrs Catriona Laing a courtesy visit with Dr Ngige,” Kalu said. “In the last few weeks, there has been an increasing campaign of calumny against my person. ” I have been attacked right, left and centre, It has been from one rumour and lies to another, propagated by those suffering from jealousy and pull him down syndrome. “This habit of sponsoring recycled false allegations against me is simply to discredit my goodwill on the good people of Nigeria,” he said. Kalu stressed that ” Putting the records straight, I neither visited nor discussed IPOB with British High Commissioner as reported.” (NAN) •Senator Orji Uzor Kalu Dee Kalu, There is nothing Igbos hate as when they find out that one of their own is playing a saboteur. And once they brand you a sell-out, it is very difficult for them to forget or forgive you. When you are on the side of… In "Opinion" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan on Tuesday explained why the Senate refused to yield to pressure to declare Senator Orji Uzor Kalu's s seat and position vacant during the period of his incarceration. Lawan told leaders of thought from Abia State that… In "Top Stories" By Ikenna Uwadileke Abuja - A pro-democracy group, Grassroots Reformers, has described the visit of Abia Leaders of Thought, led by Sen. Chris Adighije to the Senate President, Ahmed Lawan, as a welcome development. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) recalls that the bi-partisan delegation on Tuesday visited the Senate… In "News"