The Chief of Army Staff, Lieutenant General Farouk Yahaya, has said that many bandits have been sent to God to answer for their crimes.  He said this on Wednesday shortly after he was decorated with the rank of Lieutenant General. This was done by the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), and Vice President Yemi Osinbajo at the State House in Abuja. After the decoration ceremony, Yahaya fielded questions from journalists on the President’s recent statement that bandits and other criminal elements threatening Nigeria’s unity will be treated in the language that they understand. We only want govt to release four of our leaders in custody, say kidnappers of FGC Kebbi studentsBuhari had made the statement in reaction to the recent attacks on offices of the Independent National Electoral Commission, and police formations. “Many of those misbehaving today are too young to be aware of the destruction and loss of lives that occurred during the Nigerian Civil War. Those of us in the fields for 30 months, who went through the war, will treat them in the language they understand,” Buhari said. Reacting to the statement, the COAS said, “That’s what we have started doing already. “Many of them have been sent to God to answer for their crimes, and we will continue to do that.”  Source Six days after the death of Chief of Army Staff (COAS)Ibrahim Attahiru in a plane crash, Maj.-Gen. Farouk Yahaya has been named his successor. Yahaya’s appointment yesterday by President Muhammadu Buhari was contained in a terse statement by Acting Defence Information Director Onyema Nwachukwu. The statement reads: “The Commander in… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The newly appointed Chief of Army Staff, Maj Gen Farouk Yahaya has paid his last respect to his predecessor, late Lieutenant General Ibrahim Attahiru after signing the condolence register at HQ Theatre Command of Operation HADIN KAI, Maimalari Cantonment, Maiduguri, Borno State. This… In "Top Stories" Defence Minister, Major General Salihi Magashi, has said that by appointing Major General Farouk Yahaya as the Chief of Army Staff, President Muhamamadu Buhari has put “national interest above ethnic and religious chauvinism”. He said plans are on by the Federal Government to immortalise late Chief of Army Staff, Lieutenant… In "Features"