By Abdulkadir Ibrahim MAIDUGURI – The National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) has begun routine food distribution for Internally Displaced persons in IDP camps, host communities and liberated communities in Borno State. The IDPs in Borno State have been receiving food items provided by NEMA as support for victims of insurgency. NEMA North East zonal coordinator Wagami Lydia Madu is leading the food distribution team that will conduct the distribution at the designated areas which include camps,host communities and three liberated areas of Jakana, Mainok and Benesheik with a total of 35,508 households benefitting in Borno State. The food items were approved for distribution by the Director General NEMA, Alhaji Mustapha Habib Ahmed, as part of the Federal Government’s efforts to support the Borno State Government to ease the hardship of IDPs displaced by insurgency. Each household will get a ration consisting of food items which includes beans, rice, maize and condiments like seasoning, salt, tomato paste and cooking oil. ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) has disclosed that total of 1,934,765 Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) are currently living on formal camps, host communities and satellite camps in the liberated areas as a result of insurgency in North Eastern States of Borno, Yobe, Taraba, Gombe, Bauchi… In "Top Stories" By Rabiu Sani Maiduguri - The National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) on Thursday said it had distributed assorted food items to 32,400 resettled displaced persons in Konduga and Kaga Local Government Areas of Borno. Cdr. Salisu Danjuma, the Head of Federal Government’s Emergency Food Intervention Programme in charge of Bono,… In "News" Maiduguri  -  The National Emergency Mamagement Agency (NEMA) said on Monday that it had delivered food and non-food materials to Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) in Kaga Local Government Area of Borno. The NEMA North-East Information Officer, Mallam Abdulkadir Ibrahim, said this in a statement in Maiduguri. Ibrahim said the gesture… In "News"