Investigation into the shooting and killing of a 14-year-old girl in Ojota during the Oodua Republic Mega Rally on Saturday has began.  This comes after Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu of Lagos State intervened in the matter. Recall a young girl was found dead at the scene of the rally at Ojota with claims that she was killed by a stray bullet, a claim that was denied by the state police command who said the corpse was not fresh and appeared to have a wound sustained from a sharp object. In a statement released on Sunday by Moyosore Onigbanjo, the State Attorney-General and Commissioner for Justice, Sanwo-Olu commiserated with the deceased’s family and ordered a thorough investigation into the death. The statement read: “Our attention has been drawn to the death of a 14-year-old girl in Ojota during the Oodua Republic Mega Rally on Saturday, 3rd of July, 2021. “We commiserate with the family of the deceased. The Governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu has ordered a thorough investigation of the death. A Coroner’s Inquest has immediately been requested in line with sections 14 and 15 of the Coroners’ Systems Law, Laws of Lagos State 2015, to determine the cause and circumstances of death. “By Section 14(1) (d) of the Coroners’ System Law of the State: ‘A report of death shall be made to any of the agencies for the report of death or the office of the Coroner and be subject to post-mortem examination where there is reasonable cause to believe that the cause of death was: violent, unnatural or suspicious.’ “Section 15(1) and (9) further enjoins the Coroner to hold an inquest whenever he or she is informed that the death of the deceased person was in a violent, unnatural or suspicious situation or believes an inquest is desirable following the report of a reportable death. “As a government, the security and well-being of citizens are of utmost importance to us. The state assures the public that everything will be done to ensure that the cause of death is known. The findings of this investigation will be made public in due course and appropriate sanctions meted out to anyone found culpable.”  Source A 14-year-old girl, simply identified as Jumoke, was on Saturday, reportedly killed by a stray bullet during clash between the security agents and Oodua Republic agitators in Ojota, Lagos. But the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) in the state, Olumuyiwa Adejobi, denied the report in a statement, saying the Police… In "News" Olayomi Koiki, the spokesperson to Yoruba rights activist, Sunday Adeyemo, better known as Sunday Igboho, has raised an alarm that the Nigerian police should be held responsible if the Yoruba Nation rally turned violent in Lagos State. He said this in a Facebook broadcast early Friday morning. Koiki said that… In "Features" •Body of the dead victim covered with a piece of cloth by sympathisers. PHOTO: Saturday PUNCH.  •The girl dead A youghurt seller, identified simply as Jumoke, has been killed by bullets reportedly fired by a security operative dispersing Yoruba Nation agitators at Ojota, Lagos State. A news flash by Saturday… In "Top Stories"