The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has raised the alarm over the deteriorating health condition of its leader, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, in detention. Kanu has been in the custody of the Department of State Services (DSS) following his arrest in a foreign country and subsequent repatriation to Nigeria. IPOB’s Media and Publicity Secretary, Emma Powerful, in a statement made available to News Express on Wednesday said that efforts made for Kanu’s personal physicians to gain access to him have been rebuffed by the DSS, thereby worsening his health condition. The statement partly reads: “We are alerting the world about this anomaly to compel the Nigeria government to grant our Leader’s doctors access to see him for a thorough medical examination bearing in mind the terrible torture he underwent for eight (8) days at the hands of the Kenyan security agents. “We wish to unequivocally state that no harm should befall our leader as the consequences can only be better imagined. This is not a threat but a promise! Nigeria has been winning and dinning with bandits and terrorists but dehumanizing and killing peaceful agitators and freedom fighters. “We urge human rights organisations, UN, AU, EU, ECOWAS and other relevant organizations across the globe to rise in defense of justice and compel the Nigeria Government and her compromised security agencies to grant our Leader’s personal doctors unfettered access to him. Our Leader must not die in DSS custody neither should he suffer any serious health complications.” IPOB insisted that its leader committed no crime against Nigeria or Kenya government to warrant being treated as a criminal. It urged human rights organisations and men and women of good conscience across the world not to watch idly while Kanu is being dehumanised by Nigerian security agents. “Our Leader’s fundamental human rights have been grossly violated by the Nigerian government and Kenya government and continue to be violated with each passing day under the illegal custody of the DSS. “Mazi Nnamdi Kanu must be released to enable him undergo a proper medical examination having gone through the most horrendous inhumane treatment and torture at the hands of the Kenyan security agents,” the group added. (News Express) The Department of State Services, DSS, has been accused by the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, on Friday of plotting to kill its leader, Nnamdi Kanu, while in custody. Kanu was rearrested and extradited to Nigeria on Sunday by the Nigerian government. On Tuesday, the IPOB leader was brought before… In "News" •Nnamdi Kanu ABUJA - Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, leader of the Indigenous People Of Biafra (IPOB) has written the British High Commission in Nigeria, demanding full protection, unconditional release as British citizen. Kanu, in the letter exclusively obtained by SaharaReporters and written by his legal counsel, Aloy Ejimakor, on Thursday, said… In "Top Stories" By Teddy Nwanunobi Abuja (Sundiata Post) — Leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Nnamdi Kanu, was, on Tuesday, granted bail on health reasons in an Abuja Federal High Court 4 presided over by Justice Binta Nyako. Nyako, however, denied bail to three other pro-Biafra agitators, Chidiebere Onwudiwe, Benjamin Madubugwu… In "Top Stories"