Ondo State Governor, Rotimi Akeredolu has revealed why Prophet TB Joshua was buried in Lagos instead of his hometown in Ondo state.  TB Joshua is the founder of the Synagogue Church of All Nation (SCOAN). According to the Governor, the late televangelist was from Ondo state and a Nigerian but his work made him a world citizen that cannot be claimed by anyone. Akeredolu made this known while speaking on the life of the late Joshua at the lying-in-state currently ongoing in the church premises. The governor said he was contacted by the monarch of Arigidi Akoko, the hometown of TB Joshua, Oba Yisa Olanipekun, to convince the family and the church to bring the remains to the hometown as the final resting place. “When the Zaki of Arigidi-Akoko called me, he was crying on phone, he begged me to talk to the family,” he said. “I told him there was nothing I could do because the man of God has a family and his final resting place can only be decided by them. “Yes, he was from us, from Ondo State, he was a Nigerian but he remained a world citizen,” he added. The governor also described the late prophet as a rare gem, adding that the renowned man of God was a blessing to humanity and a great Ambassador of the Sunshine State whose Ministry was noted for charity. Babajide Sanwo-Olu, governor of Lagos, was represented by Olanrewaju Elegushi, Lagos Commissioner for Home Affairs. Lucky Aiyedatiwa, deputy governor of Ondo State, also attended the event. Other dignitaries including Dele Momodu, former presidential aspirant, also attended the lying-to-state service in honour of Joshua. The late church founder will be buried on the church premises today.   Source Zaki of Arigidi, Oba Yisa Olanipekun, has asked the Synagogue Church of All Nations (SCOAN) to keep the body of its late founder Prophet Temitope Joshua intact. A delegation from SCOAN is said to be heading for Arigidi to announce his demise and submit factual report on his passage. Late… In "Features" Three days after the demise of the founder of the Synagogue Church of All Nations, Pastor Temitope Joshua, his family members on Tuesday gathered in Lagos State to plan his burial. Joshua died in Lagos on Sunday at the age of 57. Speaking with our correspondent on the telephone on… In "News" The family members of Pastor TB Joshua, the General overseer the Synagogue Church of All Nations, has revealed his burial date and location. According to them, the late cleric won’t be buried in his hometown as highly anticipated. The founder of the Synagogue Church of All Nations died in Lagos… In "Features"