D’Tigers star, Michael Eric, has ruled himself out of the Tokyo 2020 Olympic Games after recovering from COVID-19, The PUNCH reports.  The 33-year-old was one of the 49 players invited last week to camp by coach Mike Brown for preparations in the United States. Eric, who made his debut for the team at the 2019 FIBA men’s Basketball World Cup in China, admitted that despite recovering from COVID-19, his body was not in the best physical shape to compete in Tokyo. “I’m deeply saddened to announce that I will not be able to represent my country, Nigeria, in this year’s Olympics in Japan. During the last two and half weeks, my health and physical shape went through a traumatic (time) that will make me miss this tournament, “Eric wrote on Instagram. “I tested positive for COVID-19 and experienced very aggressive symptoms to the extent that I was advised not to try any physical activity during my isolation period. “Part of this isolation period coincides with the first week of the national team training camp. With multiple negative tests, I wanted to be part of the camp even though my body was in no physical shape to compete. “Ultimately, despite my all-out efforts to recover, it was not possible for me to get ready in time to meet the demands of representing Nigeria at the Olympics at the level that the national team deserves. “Being an Olympian has been my lifelong dream but I know I must do what is right for my health and wellbeing and above all for the team’s benefit. Regaining my strength and recovering over time so I can come back stronger, rather than rushing to play at this summer (Olympics) is what is best for me and our team. “I pray once again to compete in future for my country as it is one of the greatest honours of my professional career. “Nigerians are known for being resilient and I am already working hard to come back and give my all on the court. I wish my brothers best of luck as they continue to represent our country to the best of their ability.”  Source A rugby player on Uganda’s national team has disappeared from his hotel in Monaco where the team was isolated. The team was in isolation after some members tested positive for COVID-19 ahead of the repechage qualifier for the Tokyo Olympics. Uganda Rugby Union in a statement said the player, James… In "Foreign" •Boss Mustapha, Chairman, PTF on COVID-19 The week of 7th (Monday) to 13th (Sunday) December, 2020 (i.e. last week) is an unforgettable week of bad and sad news. Prior to this remarkably sad week, the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) had observed that "since the beginning of September to… In "column - Friday" Tokyo - The Tokyo Olympics next July will be a “uniquely risky” event, demanding flexibility from organisers amid the uncertainty of the Coronavirus pandemic, particularly if a vaccine has not been rolled out by then, medical experts say. Japan and the International Olympic Committee made the unprecedented decision last month… In "Sports"