Chief Sunday Adeyemo, the Yoruba Nation Agitator, also known as Sunday Igboho has explained how his house was raided in the early hours of Thursday.  The Nation reports Soka Ibadan residence of Igboho came under attack around 1am. It was reported that gunmen allegedly came in military camouflage to his residence. Igboho, who spoke with BBC Yoruba monitored by The Nation, explained that he was in the house when the attack happened. “I just heard plenty bullet in my compound and gunshot in front of my house. They were shouting Sunday Igboho come out, we are DSS, we are soldiers, come out! “So I peeped through the window, and I saw them DSS uniform, and soldiers, so I was surprised because I didn’t kill anyone nor fight with anybody, what I’m doing is to fight for me people. “All the rally I’m doing is a peaceful rally, so I’m fighting for my family too because all the bandits killed my family, raped them kidnapped them and take ransom from them. “Government refused to do the right thing, that’s why I came out to support my family to fight for our right. So I was surprised. “Yes, I was in the house when they came. They killed about two guys. The shooting was too much. They destroyed all my properties, all my vehicles.”  Source Chief Sunday Adeyemo, the activist who is popularly known as Sunday Igboho, has spoken on why he gave a quit order to killer herdsmen in the Ibarapa area of Oke Ogun, Oyo State, in this interview with a popular broadcaster, Kola Olootu. WALE OYEWALE, who monitored the interview online, brings… In "News" Suspected herdsmen on Sunday allegedly invaded the residence of mother of Yoruba rights activist, Sunday Adeyemo aka Sunday Igboho. Igboho’s spokesman, Olayomi Koiki, confirmed this on Sunday night via his Twitter handle. He wrote: “Chief Sunday Adeyemo’s mother’s house at Igboho was invaded by three Fulani men this evening around… In "News" •Sunday Igboho Soldiers of the Nigerian Army have attacked the residence of Yoruba freedom fighter, Sunday Adeyemo, popularly known as Sunday Igboho, in the early hours of Monday, according to SaharaReporters. This was disclosed by his aide, Olayomi Koiki, who told SaharaReporters that the soldiers unleashed mayhem on the activist's… In "Top Stories"