The All Progressives Congress (APC) says its membership revalidation and registration exercise will continue in Imo, Kwara, Ogun and Rivers States.  Sen. John Akpanudoedehe, National Secretary, APC Caretaker and Extra-ordinary Convention Planning Committee (CECPC), made this known in a statement on Tuesday in Abuja. He said that the approval followed the recommendation of the party’s Membership Registration Appeals Committee. “With this approval, the membership registration, revalidation and register update exercise in the four states will continue for two weeks. “Those who have not been registered in these states can purchase forms for congresses, party office elections and convention. “For congresses in Rivers, all those who have purchased forms in the past will be allowed to participate in the congresses on the presentation of the bank teller as proof of payment,” he said. Akpanudoedehe said registration materials had been adequately deployed to the listed states. He added that any attempt to deprive intending registrants in the states would be dealt with accordingly in line with the provisions of the APC Constitution and guidelines for the exercise. He said that Nigerians who are desirous of joining the progressive fold are welcomed to take advantage of this window and register as members of the APC. He appreciated millions of Nigerians who had earlier trooped to the registration, revalidation and register update centres across the country. The APC scribe called on those wishing to participate in the current exercise to do so in an orderly manner and in line with COVID-19 public health protocols.  (NAN) A powerful group is mounting pressure on state caretaker chairmen of the All Progressives Congress (APC) to push for the extension of the party’s membership registration and revalidation, which expired on Wednesday. The thickening plot, if it succeeds, will make the June expiration of tenure of the National Caretaker Committee… In "Politics" Governor Mai Mala Buni who is also the Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC) Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee on Tuesday, has stated that ruling party is now the largest in Africa. The Yobe State Governor made the revelation on Tuesday at the party’s National Secretariat when the Korean Ambassador… In "News" There were strong indications on Sunday that the All Progressives Congress would hold its national convention in October. A member of the national caucus of the party, who confided in our correspondent, said with the myriad problems arising from membership registration, there was no way the national convention would be… In "Politics"