Abuja (Sundiata Post) –   Nobel laureate, Wole Soyinka has urged the Federal Government to tender an apology to Yoruba activist, Sunday Adeyemo, popularly known as Sunday Igboho, over the invasion of his residence in Ibadan, the Oyo State capital. Recalls that the DSS on Thursday invaded Igboho’s residence, gunning down two of his allies. The DSS, through its spokesman, Peter Afunanya, while addressing newsmen in Abuja, declared the activist wanted over alleged activities threatening the common existence of the country. Reacting to the development in an interview with BBC on Monday, Soyinka advised the Federal Government to reverse its decision on arresting Igboho. According to him, “My advice to the government is that they should stop pursuing Igboho as a criminal, because you have begun by acting in a criminal fashion against him. “If and when Igboho comes to trial, I guarantee you the government will be very embarrassed. “I think they should tell Igboho ‘we made a mistake’, ‘we should not have acted in this way’, ‘you are no longer wanted’, ‘go back to your home’, in fact, escort him to his home and let him resume his normal life.” Source A former Minister of Aviation, Chief Femi Fani-Kayode, has said Nigerians should be licensed to carry sophisticated arms like AK-47 if Fulani herdsmen are permitted to secure themselves with the same type of weapon. He said this on Thursday when he visited Yoruba activist, Chief Sunday Adeyemo, who is popularly… In "News" Olayomi Koiki, the spokesperson to Yoruba rights activist, Sunday Adeyemo, better known as Sunday Igboho, has raised an alarm that the Nigerian police should be held responsible if the Yoruba Nation rally turned violent in Lagos State. He said this in a Facebook broadcast early Friday morning. Koiki said that… In "Features" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Defence Headquarters says the Military cannot stoop so low to such extent to “spy” on one individual, as wildly and loosely alleged by the acclaimed Yoruba activist, Sunday Adeyemo also known as Sunday Igboho. The Acting Director, Defence Media Operations, Brig.-Gen. Benard Onyeuko, stated this… In "Top Stories"