I am happy many are happy that I stopped writing. I will not write, so do not worry. In case you want to read me, I have written enough. Instead of writing, as a teacher, I will keep pushing out assignments. Don’t worry, it won’t be graded. Such an assignment is the title above. Research and provide your answers. However some snippets. The father of the present Kenyan president, Jomo Kenyatta was to hang for freedom fighting! Same Britain planned to hang him. Mind you he lived and schooled in Britain. Any corollary with the present man in the eye of the storm? Nnamdi Azikiwe, the premier of Eastern Nigeria, Biafraland, said over his dead body for Jomo to die. Zik used money from Eastern regional government, hired local and International lawyers, went to Nairobi and pulled out the head of Jomo Kenyatta from the British hangman’s nose.  Mind you, he was accused of leading a terrorist organisation called Mau-Mau and they claimed he supervised the killing of hundreds including British colonial occupiers of the Kenya highlands. Jomo’s son is the present president of Kenya, Mr. Uhuru Kenyatta. Mind you, ‘uhuru’ means freedom! Can someone tell Mr. Uhuru Kenyatta, that the Nnamdi he just allowed the Nigerian hangman to put his nose around his head is related to the Nnamdi that saved his father from the hangman’s nose. I thought I said I am done with writing? NAIROBI - Kenya Airways (KQ) has announced that direct flights between Nairobi and Abuja would begin on June 6. The airline's Sales Manager in Nigeria, Diran Oloyede, made this known to reporters in Nairobi on Thursday. He said KQ would fly four times a week between its hub at the… In "Business" By Azu Ishiekwene Mr. President, I can imagine your disappointment last week after the ruling of the Supreme Court declaring your election null and void. Four out of six justices nullified an election in which 10.6 million or 54 percent voted for you as their choice, each Justice assuming the… In "Opinion" By Obadiah Mailafia The crisis facing our country and the world at large is the crisis of leadership. In 1945 giants walked the earth: Franklin Roosevelt in the United States, Winston Churchill in Britain, Charles de Gaulle in France and Konrad Adenauer in West Germany. Stalin – in spite of… In "Opinion"