 The Kebbi State Government has donated six operational vehicles and 30 motorcycles to the 8 Division of the Nigerian Army, Sokoto, towards fighting banditry in the state.Retired Maj. Rabi’u Kamba, Special Adviser to Gov. Abubakar Bagudu on Security, presented the items to the General Officer Commanding (GOC) the Division at a ceremony in Birnin Kebbi.Kamba said the gesture was aimed at supporting the military in its quest to end kidnappings and banditry in the state.“We are committed to intensifying the pursuit of tackling security challenges in the state through the provision of necessary moral and material support to the Nigerian Army and other security agencies.“The presentation of six new Hilux vehicles and 30 motorcycles to the 8 Division, Nigerian Army, Sokoto is part of our commitment as a government with primary responsibility of securing its people,” he said.Receiving the items, Yusuf assured that they would be effectively utilized in fighting banditry and criminality in the state.Represented by Brig.- Gen. Awolabi Olatunji, he also expressed appreciation to the government for the support to the military.“We specifically thank Bagudu for his sympathy visit to one Battalion Dukku Barracks, Birnin Kebbi, on Friday to condole with the families of the soldiers who died in active service early this week as well as show compassion to those who sustained injuries.“On behalf of the Nigerian Army High Command , we express profound appreciation to the governor for also donating large amount of money to the families of the fallen heroes and wounded soldiers now receiving treatment,” he said.The GOC assured that the items would be deployed for patrol in areas facing security challenges in the state such as Makuku, Maga and Dankolo. (NAN) By Ishaq Zaki Gusau -  The Nigerian Army says it has killed 68 bandits, arrested six suspected kidnappers and recovered 17 motorcycles in Zamfara from April to date. The Brigade Commander, 1 Army Brigade Command Sokoto, Brig.-Gen. Udeagbala Kennedy disclosed this while handing over the six suspected kidnappers to the… In "News" The Nigerian Army has banned the use of motorcycles in the north-western states of the country, due to the increased rate of kidnapping and banditry. Acting Director of Army Public Relations, Colonel Sagir Musa, made the announcement in a statement on Sunday. He said the affected states are Kano, Katsina,… In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The Nigerian military has announced that it has killed a Boko Haram kingpin along with six other terrorists and recovered more weapons in the ongoing operations in the North East. The Director of Army Public Relations (DAPR), Col. Sani Usman, on Tuesday said that the troops… In "Top Stories"