A matron in General Hospital, Iperu Remo, Ogun state died in a lone accident on Friday while her husband was injured when their vehicle veered off the road and ran into the bush crashing into trees and other objects.  Our correspondent gathered that the ill-fated car, Nissan Murano SUV with number plate APP 347 GF, was travelling to Abeokuta from Iperu when the accident occurred at a notorious spot called Onipepeye, along the Abeokuta-Siun-Sagamu Road. The Public Relations Officer, Ogun State Traffic Compliance and Enforcement Corps, Babatunde Akinbiyi, confirmed the accident. Akinbiyi said the fatal accident occurred around 8.21 am, adding that the cause of the accident was speeding. He said the late matron whose name was not supplied was reported to be in the ill-fated car with her husband on her way to sit for a promotion interview holding at the state secretariat, Oke Mosan in the state capital. Akinbiyi said, “According to an eyewitness account, the vehicle was coming from Iperu to Abeokuta, with the driver (husband) taken his wife, who is a matron at Iperu General Hospital, to Abeokuta for a promotion interview, when he suddenly lost control of the vehicle, due to speeding, and ran into the bush. “The matron died on the spot and her corpse has been deposited at Ijaiye General Hospital morgue in Abeokuta.” He added that the injured husband is still in the same hospital receiving treatment. Akinbiyi said the accident vehicle has been taken to Obafemi-Owode Police Station. While the TRACE Corps commiserates with the family of the deceased, it again warned drivers to desist from speeding, as well as reckless and dangerous driving, particularly with the rainy season around, in view of its attendant consequences.  Source Abeokuta  - Two persons were confirmed dead in an accident involving a ash-colour Mazda car and a blue Pathfinder sports utility vehicle at Itori area, along old Lagos-Abeokuta Expressway in Ogun on Monday. Mr Babatunde Akinbiyi, the Public Relations Officer, Ogun Traffic Compliance and Enforcement Agency (TRACE), confirmed the incident.… In "News" By Abiodun Lawal Abeokuta, - Eight persons were confirmed dead while a pregnant woman and a child sustained injuries in an accident involving a blue Toyota Corolla Sport car around Ewekoro Area on Lagos/Abeokuta Expressway. Mr Babatunde Akinbiyi, the Spokesperson, Traffic Compliance and Enforcement Corps (TRACE), confirmed the incident to… In "News" By Abiodun Lawal   Abeokuta   -     Ten passengers in a commercial bus travelling to Ibadan in Oyo State were confirmed dead in an accident when the bus collided with a truck on Abeokuta/Ibadan Road in Ogun. Mr Babatunde Akinbiyi, the Public Relations Officer (PRO), Traffic Compliance and Enforcement Corps (TRACE),… In "News"