We very much appreciate the superlative, highly professional, and skillful way our gallant security forces, had swiftly moved against Nnamdi Kanu, leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), and Sunday Igboho, the Akoni Oodua of Yoruba Land, and promptly deactivated and demobilized them. Nnamdi Kanu is currently under the grips of our security operatives, while Sunday Igboho is on the run, being hunted by security agencies. As such, the two men would no longer be available to be telling us their lies and all sorts of rubbish they were very much used to, or in engaging in subversive activities and carrying out campaigns of calumny and blackmail against the government of the Federal Republic of Nigeria. The “talkative” Nnamdi Kanu was abducted from where the Nigerian government knows, but as we now learn, Kenya. He was given Umaru Dikko treatment and landed in Nigeria last Sunday. The man was subsequently arraigned in court for continuation of the case for which he was standing trial in 2017. But due to the hurried way of his arraignment, Nnamdi Kanu would continue to be the guest of the Department of State Services, till July 26, 2021 when the trial would formally resume. As for Sunday Igboho, he thought himself to be too powerful and unreachable, until they stormed his house in the dead of night. That was when he realized that power passes power. He took to his heels, or “changed to a cat”, which they carried away. Sunday Igboho is now in hiding. Before then, they had allowed him to be gallivanting and organing rallies here and there, and talking all sorts of rubbish. have now learnt their lessons. At least, in the immediate future, the two renegades would no longer give us headache, disturbing our peace. They have been silenced. There would be no more revelling in day dreams, and threatening to pull down roof over our heads. This shows the strength of power. Nnamdi Kanu and Sunday Igboho have now learnt their lessons. At least, in the immediate future, the two renegades would no longer give us headache, disturbing our peace. They have been silenced. There would be no more revelling in day dreams, and threatening to pull down roof over our heads. This shows the power of government. But are Nnamdi Kanu and Sunday Igboho the real problem of Nigeria? If we succeed in knocking them off, will it be the solution to the problems of Nigeria, or the end of their agitations? We hardly think so. Nnamdi Kanu and Sunday Igboho are not the problems of Nigeria, while killing them will not be the solution to the problems of Nigeria. Nnamdi Kanu and Sunday Igboho are mere symptoms, or manifestations of the decadent Nigerian society. They are the outcome of a system that is sick, of a country that is full of injustices. Nnamdi Kanu and Sunday Igboho are against the many injustices in Nigerian society, as opposed to those who hold governmental authority, who seem to be condoning or promoting thsse injustices, because they are benefitting from the system. The two men were not happy that their own people were systematically being schemed out of the system, not given their due share of the common wealth, or prevented from benefitting from what belongs to all. They called for amelioration, but the government would not listen to them, or closed their eyes to the injustices. Nnamdi Kanu and Sunday Igboho would have none of it. They refused to believe or agree that their own people were of inferior stock, and therefore, should play second fiddle, remain in servitude, or treated as second class citizens. They began to ask for their right, or in the alternative, allowed freedom to paddle their own canoe, the right to self determination. That is their crime, why they are being hunted from pillar to post, or marked out to be killed. Even if they succeed in killing these two men, that may not be the end of their agitations. They have passed on the message to their followers, to their disciples, and the message has been well decoded. Today, Nnamdi Kanu is in incarceration, but the Biafra dream is very much alive. Today, Sunday Igboho is in hiding, but the Yoruba Nation is going ahead with their planned rally in Lagos. You may succeed in killing a man, but you will definitely not succeed in killing his dream. How we wish that the Nigerian federal government would use the same zeal, the same precision, the same professional competence, which they used in abducting Nnamdi Kanu in far away Kenya, or invading Sunday Igboho’s house in the dead of night, killing some people there and destroying his house and property, to deal with the Boko Haram insurgents, the murderous Fulani herdsmen, and the bandits killing many people in the country. We are eagerly waiting. Ifeanyi George, Rangers FC striker, has died from an auto crash on Sunday morning, along Benin-Ore road, TheCable reports. George, alongside two unidentified team mates, died on the spot of the accident. Amobi Ezeaku, Rangers team manager, confirmed the death of the former Enyimba player to TheCable. He, however, could… In "Sports" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Three Fulani herders have allegedly attacked the residence of the mother of Chief Sunday Adeyemo aka Igboho Sunday evening, Vanguard has reported. Two of the alleged intruders escaped while one was arrested and he is being interrogated by the police. According to the spokesperson for Sunday… In "Top Stories" Suspected herdsmen on Sunday allegedly invaded the residence of mother of Yoruba rights activist, Sunday Adeyemo aka Sunday Igboho. Igboho’s spokesman, Olayomi Koiki, confirmed this on Sunday night via his Twitter handle. He wrote: “Chief Sunday Adeyemo’s mother’s house at Igboho was invaded by three Fulani men this evening around… In "News"