No fewer than five records were broken on Sunday as football went to Rome from Wembley in London, thanks to an astonishing penalty kicks shootout which ended 3-2 in Italy’s favour against England in the Euro 2020 final.  After a 1-1 draw following 120 minutes, Marcus Rashford and Jadon Sancho, brought on at the death just to take penalty kicks, both missed. Though Jorginho spurned Italy’s first opportunity to win, Gianluigi Donnarumma then saved from Bukayo Saka. It is heartbreak for England, seeking to end a title drought from 1966, and for manager Gareth Southgate who missed a crucial spot-kick in the 1996 semi-final shootout loss against Germany. Shaw fastest scorer Luke Shaw’s opener for England against Italy was timed at a minute and 56 seconds – the fastest-ever goal in a EURO final and the fifth-fastest in tournament history. Shaw started the move by finding team captain Harry Kane, who in turn released the marauding Trippier on the right. Shaw continued his run to the edge of the six-yard box and found the net via the inside of the post in just one minute 56 seconds. Shaw had never scored for his country before meeting Kieran Trippier’s pinpoint cross from the right with a clinical first-time finish that gave England a dream start to the EURO 2020 final against Italy. Hitherto, the quickest strike in a EURO final had come five minutes and 17 seconds into the 1964 showpiece, Chus Pereda handing Spain the early advantage against the Soviet Union. The historic goal, hours before his 26th birthday, made Shaw just the third English goalscorer in a major final after Geoff Hurst and Martin Peters. Bonucci oldest finalist Bonucci, who also played in the Euro 2012 final which was lost to Spain alongside captain Giorgio Chiellini, became the oldest final goalscorer at 34 years and 71 days. Bonucci became just the second player over the age of 30 to score in a EURO final, overtaking Bernd Hölzenbein, who had found the net for West Germany against Czechoslovakia in 1976. Bonucci prodded in from close range in the 67th minute for Italy to level the scores at 1-1 in their EURO 2020 decider against England at Wembley Stadium. Saka youngestArsenal player became one of the youngest players in the history of the finals of the European Championships – Saka entered the field at the age of 19 years and 309 days. Only three players were younger when they played in the Euro final – Renato Sanches (Portugal, Euro 2016, 18 years old), Cristiano Ronaldo (Portugal, Euro 2004, 19 years old) and Anatoly Baidachny (USSR national team, Euro 1972, 19 years old). Italy’s unbeaten run Roberto Mancini’s Italy defeated England 1-2 (3-2 pen) in the final of the Euro 2020 to win their second European Championship and extend their unbeaten run of form to 34 matches. Their last defeat came on September 10, 2018, in the group stage of the UEFA Nations League in 2018 against Portugal. Italy are the fourth side to win multiple EURO titles after Germany (three), Spain (three) and France (two). The 53-year gap between their titles is the longest in EURO history. Italy are also the first side to win two penalty shoot-outs at a single EURO finals tournament. Italy had not conceded the first goal in any of their previous 18 outings before the final. The Azzurri have conceded more than once in just one of their last 21 EURO finals matches. Euro extra timeThis was the seventh EURO final to go to extra time (after 1960, 1968, 1976, 1996, 2000 and 2016) and the second to go to a shoot-out (1976). Harry Kane made his 11th EURO finals appearance, matching the England record of Gary Neville. Lionel Messi has announced his retirement from international duty after missing in a penalty shootout as Argentina lost a fourth major final in nine years. “It’s not meant for me. For me, the national team is over. I’ve done all I can, it hurts not to be a champion,” the… In "Top Stories" Juventus star and Portuguese forward, Cristiano Ronaldo has claimed the Euro 2020 Golden Boot award. This comes as Italy defeated England in a shootout to win Euro 2020. Ronaldo scored five goals in the competition - the same as Czech Republic attacker Patrik Schick - but won the award via… In "Sports" Mario Balotelli’s second-half header earned Italy a 2-1 victory over an enterprising England side in an engaging World Cup Group D opener in Manaus on Saturday. Amid muggy conditions in the Amazon rainforest city, Claudio Marchisio drilled Italy in front in the 35th minute, only for Daniel Sturridge to equalise… In "Sports"