Award-winning artiste, Davido took to Instagram to penned a touching tribute to his aide, Obama DMW, who died of a breathing problem.  The singer expressed how Obama’s death affected him.  This comes one week after the death of the aide whose real name is Habeeb Uthman. Sharing photos of them together, Davido wrote: “This is by far the hardest thing I’ve had to write. I am hurt, broken, sad, and lost. For the first time in my life, I am EXTREMELY confused. The pain is one I cannot explain. 44 was more than an elder brother to me, he was a protector. He was someone that literally just always made me smile. He would do absolutely anything to make me smile, no matter the issue or problems I had. His response was always “Don’t worry, I’ll talk to them”, “Don’t worry I’ll sort it out”, “Don’t worry I’ll give them something”. I would never believe in a millions years I will be writing a tribute like this to someone so dear to me this soon. All my life it’s been “David you’re strong, David you’re strong”. 44 I won’t lie to you, this time around, this one WEAK ME!! I miss you so much 44. You became so peaceful. You found peace and purpose, a true generational influence. I cannot even begin to count the amount of people you helped, artistes you brought to me, people you brought together in nothing but love and brotherhood. Actors, artistes, influencers all. God! 44 I swear you will never be forgotten. Up until now I cannot believe this is real, I don’t even know what I’m writing, I’m just writing. I’m just confused. This has been such a haunting week for all of us. All of us, me, his family, his son, his daughter, his brothers, his friends, a whole brotherhood; God give us all the strength. This isn’t even about me, it’s about all of us, and all the amazing plans and vision you had. 44 I swear, I will not let a single one of your visions die. It is hard getting by without you, my backbone is truly gone but I won’t stop making you proud. I promise to continue to take this thing we started together, to the ends of the earth. I promise to continue dominating the world. And to Malik, even though you are taller than me, you are basically my son. Doing so well in school, passing with flying colours. I have to be strong for you, and you have to be strong for the family, your mom and your grand mom. Everything 44 wanted to do for you, we will finish it together. 44 MY FRIEND. May God accept you to His kingdom. I Love You.” A post shared by Davido (@davido) Popular singer, Tiwa Savage has mourned the sad passing of Davido's aide, Obama DMW. Obama died from breathing complications after driving himself to the hospital for a medical check-up where he was pronounced dead hours later. Taking to Instagram, Tiwa Savage eulogized the late DMW crew member with reference to… In "Entertainment" Instagram personality and one of Davido’s staff members, Muhammadu Abdullahi, popularly known as Father DMW, has been trending on social media for some time due to his relationship with Ugandan model, Eva Apio, who he constantly chats with on Instagram. In an interview with Sunday Scoop, Abdullahi stated that he… In "Entertainment" By Olamide Sanni Abuja, Oct. 10, 2017 (NAN) Nigerian artist David Adeleke popularly called `Davido’ has cancelled his performance at this year’s Felabration in honour of his late friend Olugbenga Abiodun popularly known as `DJ Olu.’ Davido, took to his Instagramm page on Tuesday to apologised to his fans for… In "Entertainment"