Governor Godwin Obaseki of Edo state has pledged never to return to the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) after he defected to the People’s Democratic Party, PDP in 2020 while seeking re-election.  He was forced to join the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the nick of time. Obaseki, who spoke in Abuja on Monday in the backdrop of the exodus of governors elected on the platform of the PDP to the APC, insisted that he would not join the defection train. Three serving PDP governors were among high profile factors to the APC in recent time. They include Dave Umahi (Ebonyi); Ben Ayade (Cross River); and Bello Matawalle (Zamfara). But Obaseki described rumours getting the rounds that he intended to return to the APC as laughable, adding that he is committed to serving the people under the “stable, people-oriented and democratic structure” of the PDP. The Edo Governor, who is the Chairman of PDP’s e-registration exercise, declared his commitment and strong belief in the PDP as a party that holds the solution to issues of governance-deficit facing the country at the moment.  Source Party’s aspirants insists on contesting primariesDeputy Governor Shuaibu may lose out in dealOkowa leads lobby for governor’s defectionDump APC, supporters tell ObasekiAPC NWC upholds disqualification, expels IduorikemwenPetition raises fresh hurdle for Edo governor The planned defection of Governor Godwin Obaseki of Edo State to the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) is… In "Politics" Edo State Governor, Godwin Obaseki, will be allowed to run with his deputy, Philip Shaibu, on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party if he (Obaseki) emerges winner at the PDP primary slated for Tuesday, June 23, in Benin, Edo State, Saturday PUNCH has learnt. It was gathered that this… In "Features" Edo State governor, Mr Godwin Obaseki, said on Saturday that he still enjoys the support and sympathy of governors elected on the platform of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC). Obaseki made the disclosure at the Abuja national secretariat of the PDP shortly after he was screened for the June… In "Politics"