United States Army Special Forces have trained 25 officers of the Nigerian Navy Special Boat Service during a five-week Joint Combined Exchange Training which was concluded on Thursday.  The American military trainers and the Nigerian Navy​special operations forces trained together on a broad range of land-based skills and tactics, such as countering improvised explosive devices. According to a statement by the US Embassy in Nigeria, the exercise was part of a series of US engagements with the Nigerian military providing opportunities for the Nigerian military and US elite units to work together, learn from each other, and strengthen relationships. Delivering remarks during the JCET closing ceremony in Lagos, Acting US Consulate Political and Economic Chief, Merrica Heaton, noted that the US government works closely with all the services of the Nigerian military to provide technical assistance, equipment, and professional exchange and training opportunities. According to her, the JCET is part of a close and continuous military partnership between the United States and Nigeria spanning decades to strengthen defense ties and promote regional security. “The United States Mission to Nigeria is a steadfast partner — helping combat maritime crime in the Gulf of Guinea, counter violent extremists in the Northeast, and enforce the rule of law throughout the region,” Heaton was quoted as saying. “The magnitude of this summer’s engagements demonstrates the strategic importance of the United States-Nigeria bilateral relationship: the U.S. is delivering A-29 Super Tucanos as part of the largest defence sale to an African country; the United States Navy, Coast Guard, and Marine Corps are scheduled for extensive programs in Nigeria beyond pre-COVID levels. These engagements build on a longstanding security partnership, particularly in the Gulf of Guinea. “Nigeria participates in multiple bilateral and multilateral military exercises with the United States, including African Lion, Flintlock, and Obangame Express. The US and Nigeria cooperate on maritime security, military professionalization including human rights, counterterrorism efforts against Boko Haram and ISIS-West Africa, defence trade, and strengthening governance,” the statement added.  Source By Daniel Flynn MAO, (Reuters) - Under the glare of the Saharan sun, a U.S. special forces trainer corrects the aim of a Chadian soldier as he takes cover behind a Toyota pick-up and fires at a target with his AK47 -- a drill that could soon save his life.… In "News" As NIMASA Graduates 298 Military Personnel in Intelligence Training The Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency (NIMASA) has graduated another 298 surveillance officers in basic training course for the implementation of the Integrated Security and Waterway Protection Infrastructure also known as the Deep Blue Project. Speaking at the graduation ceremony… In "NIMASA & Maritime" •L-R: Executive Director, Maritime Labour & Cabotage Services, Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency (NIMASA), Mr. Victor Ochei; Executive Director, Finance & Administration, NIMASA, Hon. Chudi Offodile; Director General, NIMASA, Dr. Bashir Jamoh; Flag Officer Commanding (FOC), Naval Training Command (NAVTRAC), Rear Admiral Fredrick Ogu and Executive Director Operations, NIMASA,… In "News"