According to Sunday PUNCH, some bandits have invaded Chikun, Kajuru and Giwa local governments of Kaduna State, killing seven and injuring scores of people.  It was gathered that four victims kidnapped by bandits at Ungwan Madaki weeks ago were killed for the inability of their families to pay ransom. It was also learnt that after killing the four victims, the bandits informed the families to “go and carry the bodies,” which they had dumped by the roadside at Tsohon Gaya. The state Commissioner for Internal Security and Home Affairs, Samuel Aruwan, who confirmed the incident in a statement on Saturday, said the development was reported to the state government by security agencies. The commissioner said, “According to the agencies, bandits shot four kidnapped citizens on the outskirts of the Tsohon Gayan general area of Chikun LGA. “Two were identified as Solomon Bamaiyi and Francis Moses from Kakau village of the same LGA. The third was identified as being from Kachia town and the fourth remains unidentified. “In Iri Station, Kajuru LGA, two citizens, Reuben Tanko and Sani Jibrin, were also shot dead by a group of armed bandits. One Danjuma Alhaji, a native of Tsohon Farakwai of Igabi LGA, was similarly killed by bandits on the outskirts of the Galadima general area of Giwa LGA.” The commissioner noted that Governor Nasir El-Rufai had sent condolences to their families and prayed for the repose of their souls. He said security agencies had carried out a confidence-building visit to Iri Station, where some citizens were killed and an unspecified number of people kidnapped. Aruwan, who led the delegation, assured the community of the government’s commitment to security and peace in the area. Meanwhile, gunmen who abducted 13 villagers at Udawa in Chikun LGA have demanded N25m for their freedom. Among those kidnapped by the bandits along the Birnin Gwari-Kaduna highway were women going for a wedding, boys and some minors. The incident occurred between Manini and Udawa villages on Friday morning. It was gathered on Saturday that the bandits contacted the victims’ families and demanded N15m for seven abducted women and N10m for the boys and minors. The names of the abductees were given as Ashiya, Fatima, Hadiza, Amina, Aisha, Farida and Sha’awa, Abu Jibril, Abubakar, Sadiq, and Al’meen Umar, while the names of two minors were not given.  Source