The Imo State Government on Tuesday sealed Rochas Foundation College, Orji, in Owerri, the state capital.  Government officials arrived at the location which is the old quarters of the staff of Imo Broadcasting Corporation and sealed it.  Our correspondent, who visited the scene, saw that the massive property had been taken over by the state government. The Senior Special Assistant to the Governor of Imo State on Print Media, Modestus Nwamkpa, who confirmed the development, said that the governor, Hope Uzodinma, was committed to recovering properties of the state allegedly “looted by Okorocha and his family members”. Nwamkpa said that the governor was implementing the recommendations of various White Papers by committees set up by the state government. When asked, the governor’s aide told The PUNCH that the seal off “is true”, adding that “Governor Hope Uzodinma is committed to recovering all the properties of the state stolen. This is not a personal war it is just the implementation of the recommendations of the whitepapers of the various committees set up the government.” But Okorocha’s spokesperson, Sam Onwuemeodo, when contacted said that Uzodinma was jolted by Okorocha’s enormous political capacity. Okorocha’s aide said, “This is the fourth time Imo State Government has announced that they are sealing that place. EFCC had also announced that they had sealed it but the truth is that Uzodinma should wake up. There is hunger in the state. “This is just the renewal of his war against Okorocha after Okorocha and other strong APC chieftains in Imo State visited APC National Secretariat. Each time Uzodinma realises that the people are not happy with his style of governance, he using Okorocha’s name to distract the people but the truth is poverty and hunger pervade the atmosphere. He should be humble enough to consult Okorocha on how to govern the state.”  Source President Muhammadu Buhari has been urged to prevail on Imo State Governor, Hope Uzodinma to rescind his planned demolition of some property owned by the family of his immediate predecessor, Rochas Okorocha. The request is contained in a petition by a lawyer to the ex-governor and now Senator, representing Imo… In "News" Police has revealed why it arrested a former Governor of Imo State, Rochas Okorocha. According to the Police, Okorocha was arrested for breaking into the Royal Spring Palm Hotels and Apartments. SaharaReporters had reported how the state government seized the estate allegedly belonging to Nkechi, wife of the former governor.… In "Politics" The Governor of Imo state, Hope Uzodinma has been accused of paying N1 billion to ensure that Senator Rochas Okorocha is recalled from the senate. The Senator representing Imo West, Rochas Okorocha, made the claim in a statement issued by his Spokesperson, Sam Onwuemeodo, in Owerri on Wednesday. He said… In "Features"