The Police Service Commission has approved the promotion of 24 Commissioners of Police to the next rank of Assistant Inspectors General of Police. The Commission, however, declined the promotion of former acting Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, CP Ibrahim Magu.  The Commission’s Head of Press and Public Relations, Ikechukwu Ani, made this known in a statement on Thursday titled, ‘PSC Promotes 24 CPs, 35 DCPs, 52 ACPs, 50 CSPs, Drops Ibrahim Magu’. According to Ani, the decisions were the highpoints of the Commission’s 12th Plenary Meeting held on Tuesday and Wednesday, which was presided over by the Commission’s Chairman, Musiliu Smith, a retired Inspector General of Police. “The Commission declined the promotion of CP Magu pending clearance from the office of the Attorney General of the Federation and Minister of Justice and the Office of the Inspector General of Police,” the statement partly read. Magu, who served as acting chairman of the EFCC from 2015 to 2020, was rejected twice by the Senate. He was later suspended along with several others for allegedly mismanaging funds of the commission, an allegation which he vehemently denied. The former EFCC boss was probed for over three months by a judicial panel of inquiry led by a former President of the Court of Appeal, Justice Ayo Salami. The panel made several recommendations but the report has not been made public to date. The President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), later in February 2021 named 40-year-old Abdulrasheed Bawa as the new EFCC chairman to replace Magu. Details later…  Source By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja （Sundiata Post）-  Acting Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Mr. Ibrahim Magu, has been promoted to the rank of Commissioner of Police by the Police Service Commission（PSC）.   This was disclosed in a statement signed by the Police Service Commission’s Head of Press… In "Top Stories" By Joseph Edeh Abuja -  The Police Service Commission ( PSC), on Friday approved the promotion of four Commissioners of Police ( CPs) to the rank of Assistant Inspectors General of Police ( AIGs). The commissioners are: Henry Fadairo who was in charge of the Jigawa Command and Pius Imue… In "News" By Joseph Edeh Abuja -   The Police Service Commission (PSC) has approved the promotion and confirmation of acting appointments of 250 senior Police Officers. The Head, Press and Public Relations of the commission, Mr Ikechukwu Ani, made disclosed this in a statement on Thursday in Abuja. The affected officers… In "Metro"