OWERRI – Imo State Governor, Senator Hope Uzodimma will Thursday, July 15, 2021 declare open the South-East Zonal Validation Exercise for the Country self-Assessment Report (CSAR) of the African Peer Review Mechanism (APRM) in Owerri, the State Capital. President Muhammadu Buhari and the Federal Executive Council (FEC) had on June 23, 2021 given approval for the conduct of the Second Peer Review of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, particularly the Validation Exercise of the Country Self-Assessment Report (CSAR) by the Country Review Mission. The Validation Exercise of the Country Self-Assessment Report on the ongoing Second Peer Review of the Federal Republic of Nigeria will take place across six geo-political zones of the country, plus the Federal Capital Territory, Abuja. The Owerri Town Hall meeting, which will take place at the Imo Concorde Hotel, will be a gathering of critical stakeholders from the South East, with Imo State as the host. State actors expected at meeting include members of the Federal and State Executive Council, members of the National/State Assembly, members of the Federal/State Judiciary, officials from Ministries, Departments and Agencies (MDA), officials of the Nigeria Centre for Disease and Control (NCDC), and officials of security agencies, paramilitary organisations, anti-graft agencies, the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) and Budget and National Planning. Also expected at the Town Hall meeting are non-state actors such as members of the civil society organisations or non-governmental organisations and private sector actors. The list includes but not limited to members of the Organised Private Sector, Mass Media, Political Parties, Health Originations, Women bodies, Labour/Trade Unions, Professional Associations like those of Doctors and Lawyers (NMA and NBA), Youth/Children’s Organizations and Organizations of the Physically-challenged. Also expected at the meeting are senior citizens’ organisations, traditional rulers, ethnic/cultural associations, religious /faith based organisations and Nigerian diaspora groups. Those expected from the private sector include officials of financial Institutions, ICT, Research Institutes, Chamber of Commerce, Association of Retired Permanent Secretaries and Association of Local Government of Nigeria (ALGON), among others. President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the African Union Development Agency and New Partnership for Africa’s Development (AUDA/NEPAD) second Peer Review report in readiness for validation. Ms Gloria Akobundu, AUDA/NEPAD National Coordinator gave details of the approval in a statement by her Media Assistant, Mr Abolade Ogundimu, on Friday in Abuja.… In "News" The AU team on Country Review Mission (CRM) on the Peer Review process has described Nigeria’s self-assessment report of its second peer review as excellent and amazing. Prof. Janneh Abdoulie, Head Panelist on AU CRM, stated this on Friday in Abuja, at an interactive session with critical stakeholders, Civil Society… In "News" •Imo State Governor Hope Uzodinma OWERRI - Governor Hope Uzodimma of Imo State has revealed that members of the Independent People of Biafra (IPOB) hijacked the Eastern Security Network (ESN) from the Southeast governors after they had concluded plans to roll out the security outfit. Uzodimma, who disclosed this when… In "Top Stories"