Popular Nigerian comedian and actor, BasketMouth, and his wife, Elsie, have welcomed their third child.  The couple welcomed their baby a month ago. This would be Basketmouth’s fourth child as he has a daughter from a previous relationship before his marriage to Elsie.  Elsie and Basketmouth shared the good news of their baby’s arrival on social media today, July 13, which is Elsie’s birthday. According to her, she had three miscarriages before this pregnancy. The excited mum said she had prayed for this baby to come even after two kids. ”A Happy Birthday to me!!!!! God did finally hear one of major prayers and i can’t thank him enough…. He has made me one of the happiest girls in the world…. This is my TESTIMONY It’s A NEW CHAPTER!!!!!! I prayed for this, Endlessly I craved for it desperately(yea even after 2 kids, lol) And after 3 Miscarriages…. God said it was time….his perfect time!!! It’s A NEW CHAPTER!!!!!!” Basketmouth on his part wrote; ”Happy birthday darling dearest @elsieokpocha I am so blessed to have an amazon for a wife. Here’s wishing you the very best things in life….which starts from me. P.S: Thanks for updating my fatherhood licence a month ago, I am now upgraded to version 4. P.S.2: You’re beautiful AF!!! ” Nigerian Comedian Bright Okpocha popularly known as Basketmouth, is celebrating his first daughter, Amy, as she turns a year older, today, May 3. Basketmouth posted some really lovely photos of Amy on his Instagram page. The ace comedian then wrote; ''Happy Birthday to my beautiful daughter Amy. You’re talented, you’re… In "Entertainment" Comedian, Basketmouth and his wife. Elsie took to their Instagram page to share beautiful photos of their daughter, Janelle who is celebrating her 6th birthday today.  More photos after the cut.. In "Entertainment" Nigerian singer, Doyinsola who just welcomed her first child with her husband Mr Akinola in the United States after 6 years of marriage, has recounted the challenges she faced. Doyinsola revealed that she suffered miscarriages over three times and had to go in for different tests, surgeries and also took so… In "Entertainment"