Abuja –  Fiery Catholic Priest and Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry Enugu, Rev. Fr. Ejike Mbaka, has demanded unconditional release of leader of Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Mazi Nnamdi Kanu. The cleric also advised the Federal Government to deploy same vigor with which Kanu was arrested deal with arrest insecurity, poverty, unemployment, activities of herdsmen, injustice and pragmatic nepotism. Mbaka, who was reported to have made the call during a sermon on Sunday, at his adoration ground, said he made the request when some government agents whom he did not mention, came calling with some juicy offers to him which he turned down. “Some persons came to me sometimes ago, that they have two slots for me. I told them I don’t need such offer because I have a slot that I need. They said I should mention what I need,” he began. “My first request was that they should release Nnamdi Kanu because since you people arrested him, we have lost many lives, so of what use is his arrest if after he was arrested, kidnapping hasn’t stopped in the North, thus, arresting him doesn’t solve the problem. “Has anybody seen Nnamdi Kanu kill anybody? He’s not a murderer. Have they caught him with guns, so why arrest him? Where were the nation’s security agencies when several students were kidnapped?” Mbaka attributed the rise in criminality to activities of politicians that purchase arms for the thugs during electioneering period. Source The Spiritual Director of the Adoration Ministry Enugu Nigeria, Rev. Fr. Ejike Mbaka, has disclosed that he was held hostage by the authorities of the Enugu Catholic Diocese for the two days he went incommunicado. Mbaka disclosed this when he spoke with his parishioners on Wednesday at the Adoration Ground,… In "News" The Federal Government on Thursday said it would go after highly-placed Nigerians and other collaborators of the Independent People of Biafra leader, Nnamdi Kanu. The Minister of Information and Culture, Lai Mohammed, who stated this at a press briefing in Abuja, said irrespective of the collaborators’ standing in country, they… In "News" •Fr. Ejike Mba In 2015, when Reverend Father Camilus Ejike Mbaka, Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministries Enugu, Nigeria, (AMEN), predicted that President Goodluck Jonathan would not return to Aso Rock, that Muhammadu Buhari would win the 2015 Presidential Election, it was like most members of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP),… In "Opinion"