Gov. Muhammad Badaru of Jigawa, has inaugurated newly elected 27 local government councils chairmen in the state, urging them to ensure good governance, transparency and accountability in their operations.  Badaru said this at the ceremony on Thursday in Dutse, adding that the state was faced with numerous challenges. “I want to advise you to always put the fear of God in the management of resources in your respective councils, so that God will guide you,” he said. He said the state local councils had made lots of progress, through a developmental agenda, in spite of economic and social challenges facing the state. The governor urged the chairmen to emulate their predecessors by focusing on peoples’ oriented programmes, mostly initiated by the state government, to make positive impacts on peoples’ lives. “We introduced work-plan to make sure that projects get to the people and they complied and they worked and that have shown us a lot of success. “We will continue with that arrangement because it guided the chairmen to engaged in projects that were really peoples oriented. “I congratulated them for really abiding by the rules and doing what they had to do. “They could have said no, because they were the chief executives of their councils. “We did not dictate to them on what to do, but we consulted and discussed and came up with things that we believed were right and they believed also that what we have done was right,” he said. Badaru urged the state residents to give necessary support to the new chairmen to enable them deliver dividends of democracy to the people.  (NAN) By Carol V. Utulu Asaba -  Gov. Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta on Friday told the newly elected chairmen of the 25 local government areas that he would not tolerate absenteeism from work. The governor gave the warning at the swearing-in ceremony of the chairmen in Asaba. He said the development… In "News" Dutse - The Nigerian Union of Pensioners (NUP), Jigawa chapter, has commended Gov. Muhammad Badaru for the prompt payment of their entitlements. The State NUP Chairman, Alhaji Abdullahi Garba, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Monday in Dutse that members of the union have been receiving their dues… In "News" Malammadori (Jigawa) -The Jigawa Government has raised two million drought-resistant and 500,000 economic tree seedlings as part of comprehensive campaign to control desert encroachment. Gov. Badaru Abubakar made this known when he launched the 2016 Zonal Tree Planting exercise, in Malammadori, Jigawa, on Friday. Abubakar, represented by Alhaji Barau Gambasha,… In "Business"