Popular Nollywood actress, Shan George, is currently mourning her mother. The actress, via her verified Instagram account, announced that her mother died this morning.  Eulogising her mother, the actress described her mother as the strongest woman she knows. She wrote, “I lost my precious mother this morning. She is the strongest woman I know. Rest in peace Aka Shine. May God keep your soul till we meet again.” Her friends and fans have taken to the comment section of her Instagram post to sympathise with her. Actress, Rita Edochie, wrote, “Chaaaaaiiiii she tried, and you, my good friend tried so much. For anyone that took care of the mother, a lot of blessing awaits the person. So, my good friend, get ready for a greater blessing for I am a witness the way you took care of your mother. May she rest on IJMN.” (sic) Also, Omoni Oboli wrote, “Awwww you took the best care of her and may you always be rewarded. God rest her soul.” (sic) Her friend and colleague, Uche Elendu, wrote, “Oh no… you did so much to keep her happy, May God rest her soul. Pls take heart maami.” (sic)  Source Shan George who was quite famous in the Nollywood industry in the late 90s and early 2000s took to her Instagram page today to reveal the health challenges she has been battling with lately. She revealed that she recently had to undergo a very delicate spine surgery, one that would… In "Entertainment" Nollywood actress, Mercy Johnson, has said that her biggest fear is not being alive to take care of her children. https://youtu.be/yjfBhdI8Xc8 The 34-year-old screen goddess said this as she shared a picture of her and family via Instagram on Friday. “My biggest fear in life? It would be “Not being… In "Entertainment" Popular Nigerian actress, Mercy Johnson visit Shan George after a successful Spine surgery in Abuja. Nollywood actress and movie producer, Shan George is recuperating very fine and would be back on her feet at any moment. She wrote: "And this beautiful Superstar Angel visited me and brought me loads of… In "Entertainment"