 The ECOWAS Community Court of Justice (CCJ) on Friday ended its annual administration and budget retreat with a review of staff welfare, recruitment, promotion process and the approval of its draft 2022 budget. The Communications Department of the Court disclosed this in a statement at the end of the five-day retreat which was held at Goshen City, Nassarawa State. According to the statement, the retreat also kick-starts the physical activities of the court since the outbreak of the COVID-19 in 2020 where all activities held virtually. It stated that the retreat which is the 13th in the series enabled the Judges, Directors and strategic level staff to review issues related to the administration and finance of the Court during 2021. They also reviewed the prospects for the future, particularly as the 15-member Community struggles to cope with a COVID-19 induced liquidity squeeze imposed on Member States which has impacted their financial contributions to the Community. “Participants also reviewed staff welfare issues such as recruitment, promotions, administration, equipment and other issues that impact on the productivity of staff. “With proposals to address identified gaps in order to improve the effectiveness of the Court in delivering on its mandate. “They also approved the provisional draft budget of the Court for 2022 which includes provisions for coping with the financial cost of relocating to its new office building. “(It) was provided by the Federal Republic of Nigeria in order to enable the court overcome its desperate need for spacious office accommodation,” the Court stated. It stated that President of the Court, Justice Edward Asante, at the opening of the retreat said that the retreat was a milestone to restoring physical activities affected by the pandemic. “Hopefully, this should constitute a milestone in the effort to restore the non-judicial activities of the Court which was significantly affected by the pandemic. “Mainly its stakeholder engagements including sensitisation, international conferences and external court sessions,” Asante stated. According to statement, Vice President of the Court, Justice Gberi-be Quattara, declared the event closed. He thanked the participants for the high quality of work done in order to enhance the performance of the Court, noting that the outcome provides the background for the implementation of the 2022 budget. (NAN) By Taiye Elebiyo-Edeni Abuja - ECOWAS Community Court of Justice, has begun a 5-Day Judicial retreat to improve case management system and efficiency in the administration of justice in the region. The president of the court, Justice Edward Asante, disclosed this on Wednesday at the opening of the 11th Judicial… In "News" By Taiye Elebiyo-Edeni Abuja - Justice Edward Asante, the President of Community Court of Justice ECOWAS on Saturday called for unity and support from various stakeholders for the court to come up with unanimous verdicts. Asante made this appeal at the end of the 11th Judicial Retreat, held at Goshen… In "News" LAGOS (Sundiata Post) - In fulfilment of its campaign promise of improved infrastructure renewal in public schools to make teaching/learning environment more conducive for better performance, the Lagos State Government has commenced the implementation of a new educational policy initiative tagged, 360 Degree Education Policy, which would promote the growth of functional and qualitative education… In "News"