The Instagram account of controversial blogger and content creator, Tunde Ednut has been deleted for the fourth time.  He has attributed his struggles with the media sharing app as the work of his enemies. In the space of seven months, Instagram has deleted the account of musician turned blogger, Tunde Ednut, four times. He has always been in a vigorous tussle with Instagram after creating a second Instagram account early this year which eventually got suspended a few days after and now completely deleted. “Follow these backup and help repost. Thank you so much,” the entertainer had posted on his backup page. The singer was stripped of his first verified Instagram account with over 2.6 million followers and an engaging audience for violating Instagram’s terms and conditions in December. However, he made his way back to the platform on January 10, 2021, after orchestrating a N1 million giveaway to aid his followership recovery. He successfully recovered over a million followers in his new account, which has now been deleted from the platform. After amassing 1 million followers in 3 days, Instagram has suspended Tunde Ednut's account again. Recall that the musician turned blogger had his first account (@tundeednut) with over 2 million followers suspended for violating the app's terms and conditions. Ednut rejoined the platform with another handle (@kingtundeednut), on 10th January.… In "Social Media Feeds" Popular relationship expert and psychologist, Joro Olumofin has sued Instagram blogger, Tunde Ednut. Both men have been fighting each other online since last year after Tunde Ednut began claiming that Joro's posts are fake and not from readers as he claims. Joro hit back by claiming Tunde Ednut was deported… In "News" Nigerian blogger, Tunde Ednut's Instagram page with over 1 million followers has been deleted for the third time. This comes barely a month after his new Instagram page @Kingtundeednut was restored on the app. A search on the deleted page shows the message “user not found”. However, multiple cloned and… In "Social Media Feeds"