Mexico City –  Haiti’s national police on Sunday announced the arrest of the suspected mastermind in the assassination of President Jovenel Moise. The suspected killers called him after the attack and evidence was found in his flat, Charles said. The 63-year-old doctor recently arrived in Haiti on a private plane to seize the presidency, he said. He allegedly hired Colombian mercenaries through a private Venezuelan security firm based in Florida. The doctor is the third U.S. resident of Haitian origin – and the 21st person overall – to be detained as a suspect in the case. The other two also reportedly lived in Florida. The U.S. state is some 1,000 kilometres away from Haiti. Police have said 26 Colombian mercenaries were involved in the murder overall, three were killed, 18 suspects were in detention and police were seeking the remaining five. High-ranking U.S. officials who are expected to help with the investigation met with Charles on Sunday. Moise, 53, was shot dead at his residence in Port-au-Prince in the early hours of Wednesday. His wife Martine was seriously injured and taken to Florida for treatment. The reasons for the attack remain unclear. Moise, in office since 2017, was extremely unpopular. He was accused of corruption, links to brutal gangs and autocratic tendencies. The impoverished Caribbean nation was already gripped by a power struggle. Two men have declared themselves interim prime minister, and the Senate elected its leader Joseph Lambert to succeed Moise as president on an interim basis on Friday. Lambert supports Ariel Henry as prime minister. Henry had been appointed as premier by Moise on Monday but interim prime minister Claude Joseph has been in charge of the government since the murder. Presidential and legislative elections in the country are scheduled for September. (dpa/NAN) Some Americans and Columbians have been arrested for allegedly assassinationg the President of Haiti, Jovenel Moise . Authorities say two US citizens and 17 alleged 'foreign mercenaries' have been apprehended. Haitian President Jovenel Moïse and First Lady Martine was riddled with 12 bullet holes and had his eye gouged out… In "News" President Jovenel Moïse's killers have been arrested. Moise before his death was the President of Haiti. The police said the suspects were killed in a shootout with the security forces. BBC reports that two other suspects have been detained, while officers are still in combat with some remaining suspects in… In "News" Agency Report Abuja - Haiti has asked Washington and the UN for troops to secure its ports, airport and other strategic sites after the assassination of President Jovenel Moise opened a power vacuum in the crisis-hit Caribbean nation, an official said Friday. The United States has already said it will… In "Top Stories"