LAFIA – Yohana Isheme and his wife, Noami Yohana, have been abducted at Ukya Sabo community in Toto local government area of Nasarawa state. A resident of Ukya Sabo simply identified as Samuel, said the incident happened around 1 am on Saturday. He said the kidnappers in large numbers invaded the community with sophisticated weapons. He said the kidnappers positioned themselves at strategic places within the community before other gangs scaled the fence of the victims’ house. “They forced the back door after they scaled the fence and went straight into the man’s bedroom to whisk him away alongside his wife at gunpoint,” he said. He said the kidnappers shot sporadically in the air to scare neighbours as they were leading their victims out of the community into the bush. It was learnt that the husband, Isheme, is a staff with the health department in Toto local government area, while his wife is a class teacher at Local Education Authority (LEA) primary school, Tika in the area. The head of information unit of Toto local government area, Mr Gabriel Hagai, confirmed the kidnap incident. The spokesman of the Nasarawa State police command, DSP Ramhan Nansel, said he was yet to receive the report of the incident, saying he will contact the DPO in charge of Toto local government division and get back to the reporter later. (Daily Trust)  In "News" By Chubuike Nwabuko Abuja （Sundiata Post）European Union (EU), has condemned the reported abduction of school girls in Dapchi, Yobe state, saying that the incidence is an attack on humanity.   In a statement by the EU Spokesperson for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy, Catherine Ray, made available to Daily Sun in… In "Top Stories" Abducted Priest, Reverend Father David Echioda Some Unknown gunmen have abducted a Catholic priest, Reverend Father David Echioda, in Otukpo area of Benue State. According to reports, Reverend Echioda was kidnapped along Alla-Akpa Road while returning from Sunday mass at Utonkon, Ado Local Government Area of the state on Sunday… In "News"