According to a report by Daily Post, some bandits who abducted some schoolgirls from the Federal Girls’ College Yawuri, Kebbi State have told parents that they have married off their daughters.  Some of the parents who raised alarm on Sunday, told Daily Trust that the abductors sent to them footages showing that their daughters were already married. Recall that bandits on June 16, invaded the school premises and whisked scores of students to an unknown destination. A police officer was also killed during the incident. Efforts by DAILY POST to reach the school management for confirmation of the development, proved abortive as at press time. Meanwhile, one of the parents who spoke with BBC Hausa, said the kidnappers always inform them that their daughters are doing well. He added that “sometimes they call and give us our daughters to talk to us. If your child has your number then they will call and talk to you. “But I have never spoken with my daughter since the time they were abducted”  Source ...Police DIG relocates to Yobe  ...Aisha Buhari Begs Abductors to Leave Our Daughters Alone   Abuja （Sundiata Post）-  Some parents of the 110 abducted Government Girls Science and Technology College pupils in Dapchi, Yobe State, and sympathisers on Thursday occupied the premises of the National Assembly complex in Abuja, calling on… In "News" The practice of abducting and converting Christian girls to Islam in the northern part of the country and marrying them off to Muslim men by compulsion recently attracted international attention and condemnation. Open Doors International (ODI), an organisation that serves the persecuted Christians worldwide, came out with a position that… In "Metro" One of the parents of the abducted Chibok schoolgirls  Sunday introduced a new twist to the saga surrounding the abduction of almost 300 girls from their school in Chibok, Borno State almost a month ago, when he said the students were locked up by their teachers who subsequently scampered for… In "News"