The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) has intercepted 550grammes of cannabis and 50grammes of Rohypnol (Flunitrazepam) at the Murtala Mohammed International Airport (MMIA), Lagos.  Mr Femi Babafemi, NDLEA’s Director of Media and Advocacy, said this in a statement on Sunday in Abuja. Babafemi said that the drugs concealed in six jerry cans of local herbal mixtures called Gabo were seized at Skyway Aviation Handling Company Plc. export shed. He said that the drugs were detected during outward clearance of cargo going to Dubai and one Mr Babatunde Bakare was arrested alongside the items. The director of media said that operatives of the command also intercepted a 4.3 kilogrammes of skunk imported from Canada. He said that the package which came on Ethiopian Airline, was concealed in nine packs of cereals. He also said that on July 6, operatives of the MMIA command conducted a follow-up operation at Gate 2, Ladipo Oluwole Street, opposite Guinness Bottling Company, Ikeja. Babafemi said that one Mr Animashaun Kabiru was apprehended for questioning over a bag containing bitter cola which was brought for export to the U.K. “When the bag of bitter kola was searched, it was discovered that the bitter kola was mixed with some wraps of a substance suspected to be illicit drug. “A total of 36 wraps of the suspected substance later tested positive for cocaine weighing 600 grammes,” he said. Babafemi also said that an Uber driver, Mr Lawal Rasheed, who was arrested on June 8 in connection with the seizure of a cocaine consignment, had been let off the hook. According to him, Rasheed’s release followed his cooperation that led to the arrest of the real owner of the drug, Mr Egbo Maduka. He said that Maduka in his statement accepted ownership of the consignment and absolved Rasheed of any complicity. The NDLEA spokesperson quoted the agency’s Chairman, Brig.-Gen. Buba Marwa (rtd.) as commending the officers and men of the MMIA command for the series of seizures and arrests in the past weeks. Marwa urged them not to rest on their oars, adding “we must all remain fully prepared and proactive at all times if we have to battle this scourge to a standstill. (NAN) According to a statement by the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA), the agency has intercepted and seized consignments of heroin and khat with a street value of over N10 billion. The statement by the agency’s Director Media and Advocacy, Femi Babafemi, made available to News Agency of Nigeria (NAN),… In "News" By Femi Babafemi LAGOS - Operatives of the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency, NDLEA, have intercepted a consignment of 26.150 kilograms of heroin with a street value of over N6.5billion at the SAHCO shed of the Murtala Mohammed International Airport, MMIA, Ikeja, Lagos. The illicit drug had arrived Lagos in… In "Metro" Two suspected drug traffickers arrested by operatives of the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) in Lagos State have excreted a total of 191 pellets of heroin and cocaine while under observation, Director, Media and Advocacy, NDLEA Headquarters, Abuja, Femi Babafemi said in a statement on Sunday. Babafemi said the… In "News"