The Nigeria Police Force has revealed why it took the decision to withdraw its personnel attached to Governors, Senators, public office holders and high profile persons in the South East.  According to the police, the decision was taken because of the incessant attacks on police formations and officers and in the region. The signal containing the information was dated “101054/05/2021” and with reference number 0900/DTS/DOPS/VOL47/812 and issued by the Commissioner of Police (DOPS), Asaba, Delta State. It said, “Sequel to the incessant attacks on policemen/ snatching of arms and ammunition by the proscribed IPOB/ESN elements in the eastern states of Abia, Anambra, Ebonyi, Enugu and Imo States and Rivers State, COMPOL DOPS directs you warn personnel that escorts of their principals to the six (6) eastern states is suspended forthwith until security situation improves. Ensure strict compliance please.” According to the publication, the acting spokesperson of the Delta State Police Command, DSP Edafe Bright, confirmed validity of the wireless message, but noted that it was not meant for the press. “Firstly, the message that was sent out is not for press, so I don’t know how it got to you. Secondly, it is for policemen attached to VIPS not to escort their men to any part of the eastern state. That is the directive,” said Bright. The South east and some parts of the South South regions have recently witnessed series of attacks on police stations, prison facilities and killing of police and other security personnel. Last weekend, a total of 10 police officers were killed in Rivers and Akwa Ibom States while vehicles and police buildings were burnt. The police are insisting that members of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, and their security unit, the Eastern Security Network, ESN, are responsible for the attacks even though the secessionist group led by Nnamdi Kanu, are persistent in their denial.  Source Inspector General of Police, Usman Alkali BabaThe Nigeria Police Force (NPF) has reportedly barred its personnel from escorting very important persons (VIP) in the South-East geo-political zone. A police signal dated “101054/05/2021” and with reference number 0900/DTS/DOPS/VOL47/812, according to The Whistler, conveyed the directive. Coming from the Commissioner of Police… In "Metro" The mayhem in the Eastern Heartland of Imo State has left everyone perplexed. Security eruptions in Imo State appear to be an indicator of what the country is turning to. The state's stories seem like scenes from blockbuster sci-fi movies meant to entertain fans in love with gory violence. A… In "Column - Monday" In what appeared to be a well-planned attack, about a dozen men armed with AK 47 and grenades on Saturday killed about eight people, including three security personnel, and set the country home of Governor Hope Uzodinma of Imo State at Omuma, Oru East Local Government Area of the state… In "News"