The Director-General of the National Youth Service Corps, Brigadier General Shuaibu Ibrahim, on Friday, has told corp members that the COVID-19 vaccine is not compulsory but they should take it to for personal protection against the ravaging coronavirus.  He also urged prospective corps members to be security conscious at all times, warning that they should not put themselves in harm’s way. According to a statement by the NYSC Director of Press and Public Relations, Adenike Adeyemi, the Director-General spoke during a nationwide virtual address to the 2021 Batch ’A’ Stream II prospective corps members ahead of their official induction in the 37 NYSC Orientation Camps across the country. The statement was titled ‘COVID-19 vaccine not compulsory but important, DG tells corps members.’ “The National Youth Service Corps has said it would not force corps members to take COVID-19 jab, but advised that the vaccine is good for personal protection against contracting the deadly Coronavirus,” the statement read in part. Ibrahim was quoted as advising them to make themselves available to the officials from the National Primary Healthcare Development Agency whenever they visit their camps to administer the vaccine on camp participants. He also advised corps members to abide by the oath of allegiance of the scheme, the NYSC bye-laws and the NYSC Act in order to maintain good conduct throughout the service year. “NYSC doesn’t harbour criminals, therefore, shun cultism, cybercrime and other social vices. “You must be disciplined, committed, patriotic and maintain a good record throughout your service year,” he added. The NYSC boss also urged them to take full advantage of the service year to empower themselves and also develop their host communities with viable projects that would impact positively their living standard. He advised them to take their security seriously and avoid night journeys and parties. He added, “We have our collaborating partners like the CBN, Bank of Industry among others that have been assisting corps members with loans to finance their businesses, please take advantage of the NYSC and tune your mindset to success”. “Please take note of the security tips and don’t put yourself in harm’s way. You must be security conscious and identity with the security agencies wherever you are posted to. Avoid parties and night travelling because the Federal Government and NYSC care for your security. “If you want to travel, obtain written permission from NYSC because your employer doesn’t have the power to grant you permission and also don’t travel at night. “If you are going on a long journey, cut the journey to pass the night once it is 6pm. Don’t embark on any unauthorised journey and don’t endanger your safety.” Ibrahim also urged the corps members to embrace the Federal Government’s N75bn Youth Trust Fund and National Young Farmers’ Scheme by which interested corps members in agric-business would be empowered.  Source The Director-General, Nigeria Centre for Disease Control, Dr. Chikwe Ihekweazu, has said none of the 37 orientation camps of the National Youth Service Corps would be shut down should one corps member test positive to COVID-19. According to him, prevention, detection and prompt response remained critical factors for the safe… In "Education" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The National Youth Service Corps, NYSC, has released postings for prospective 2020 Batch B Stream II Corp Members. The Director-General of NYSC, Brigadier General Shuaibu Ibrahim who disclosed this on Friday during a sensitisation webinar further urged those concerned to check the NYSC… In "Top Stories" There was panic among staff of the National Youth Service Corps on Tuesday after a resident officer died of COVID-19. The PUNCH gathered that the top officer was posted to the permanent orientation camp in Kano, a few days ago where he developed coronavirus symptoms and died on Tuesday. Following… In "Features"