No fewer than 40 Muslim worshippers were abducted by armed bandits while observing Tahajjud, a kind of midnight prayer observed during the Holy Month of Ramadan, at a mosque in Jibiya town of Katsina State, Daily Nigerian reports Residents of the town told our correspondent that dozens of gunmen struck at the mosque around 2am on Monday and took away the worshippers. It was gathered that the kidnappers initially picked 47 congregants, including women and children, but seven later returned. “So far we established 40 people missing after the attack,” said a resident who preferred not to be named. Another resident who volunteered statement, Lawal Jibiya, said neighboring villagers alerted them about the impending attack, after sighting the movements of the bandits heading towards the town. He said hundreds of youth and local vigilante group in the town were on alert and ready to confront the bandits, but the assailants changed their route and entered the town from the western entry point. “We were expecting them from the eastern entry point through Daddara, Kukar Babangida or Magama but this time they proceeded beyond the town and camped at Jibawa. “From Jibawa they then went round to the western entry point near Yunusa Dantauri Hospital and attacked a mosque on the outskirt of the town,” the witness said. According to him, the bandits did not fire a single shot until they finished the operation. (DAILY NIGERIAN) Penultimate Saturday, irate traditional worshippers reportedly stormed a mosque at Idi-Iroko, Ipokia Local Government Area of Ogun State and dispersed Muslim faithful for allegedly acting contrary to their warnings while they observed their ritual. Daily Trust on Sunday reports. Residents of Idi-Iroko, a border town between Nigeria and Benin Republic,… In "News" MAIDUGURI - It least 22 Muslim worshippers were killed when a suicide bomber detonated himself in a mosque in Umarari Village, outskirts of Maiduguri, during the early morning prayers on Wednesday, an official said. Umarari is about 5km south of Maiduguri, the northeast Nigeria city where Boko Haram insurgency birthed.… In "Top Stories" Some youth in Katsina state have protested the incessant attacks and killings of residents by bandits. The youth, under the aegis of Collation of Northern Groups, lamented the frequent attacks by bandits. The protest comes a week after a billboard bearing the picture of President Muhammadu Buhari and Aminu Masari,… In "News"