Tragedy struck again on Sunday as Ex-Enugu High Court Judge, Justice Stanley Nnaji, was shot dead.  Gunmen were seen in a trending video as they pulled him out of his Mercedes Benz (SUV) on the road and shot him thrice, leaving him dead.  They thereafter jumped into the vehicle and drove off. The Enugu state police command has confirmed the incident. The command promised to bring the perpetrators to book. A statement issued by the Police Public Relations Officer, ASP Daniel Ndukwe, reported the Commissioner, of Police, Mohammed Ndatsu Aliyu, to have ordered the launch of a full-scale manhunt for the yet-to-be identifed assailants. The assailants, according to Police preliminary statement, allegedly trailed and shot dead an unidentified man driving in a Mercedes Benz Jeep, “which they carted away, along Ebeano Tunnel, Enugu, today being 30/05/2021 at (about) 1700hrs. “The victim was rushed to the hospital, where he was confirmed dead by doctors on duty and deposited in the mortuary for autopsy.” The unidentified man, according to sundry media reports, turned out to be Justice Stanley Nnaji. Meanwhile, the Commissioner, has assured the people of the state that no stone would be left unturned in fishing out perpetrators of the heinous crime. He also called on residents to remain law-abiding, vigilant and assist the Police with useful information that will lead to the arrest and prosecution of the assailants. Justice Nnaji was a Judge of the Enugu State High Court until he was dismissed following his role in the removal of a sitting Governor of Anambra State in 2007. He was from Nike, Enugu East Local Government Area of Enugu State. Watch footage of the assassination here: See Video;  By Abubakar Ahmed Gusau -   The Police in Zamfara have confirmed the killing of a staff of Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) in Gusau, Kabiru Zango by unknown gunmen. The Police Command Public Relations Officer, Muhammad Shehu said in a statement made available to journalists that Zango was shot… In "News" Ariwodola Idowu Ado Ekiti -  A Federal Commissioner representing Ekiti on the board of Federal Character Commision (FCC), Mr Bunmi Ojo, also an ally of Segun Oni, a former governor of Ekiti, is dead. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the late Ojo was reportedly shot dead at… In "Top Stories" By Stanley Nwanosike     Enugu - The Enugu State Police Command has shot dead a wanted armed robbery kingpin, known as KC, during a gun duel between police and his gang members in the state. The command’s Public Relations Officer, SP Ebere Amaraizu, made the disclosure in a statement in Enugu… In "News"