By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The  Special Adviser on Political Matters to the erstwhile President of Nigeria,  Ahmed Ali Gulak has been assassinated. It was gathered that he was killed in his Hotel room in Owerri, Imo State by a yet to be identified gunmen. Source said he was slained in the dead of the night. Gulak, a politician and a staunch member of the ruling All Progressives Congress was in Owerri, Capital of Imo State to discuss political issues ahead of 2023. He hailed from Adamawa State and was one time Speaker of Adamawa State House of Assembly. Recall that late Gulak was the National Coordinator of Goodluck Nigeria, a campaign strategy group mounted for the Jonathan’s election in 2011 on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party. His assassination was confirmed by an Adamawa based politician, Dr. Umar Ardo, who said: “I just confirmed the sad and gruesome murder of my friend and classmate, the former special adviser political to president Goodluck Jonathan. “He was assassinated by unknown gunmen in the night in Owerri”, Ardo laments By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Former Political Adviser to Dr Goodluck Jonathan and chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Mr Ahmed Gulak has alleged that the state governor, Rochas Okorocha offered him $2million to influence the outcome of the party’s primary in favour of his son-in-law, Uche… In "Top Stories" A former Special Adviser to President Goodluck Jonathan, Alhaji Ahmed Gulak, says he has informed the President about his desire to become the governor of Adamawa State. Gulak, who spoke in Abuja on Friday when he came to pick the Peoples Democratic Party governorship nomination form for his state, said… In "Politics" Eight of the fourteen aspirants jostling for the Adamawa State Governorship ticket under the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) stepped down from the race in the early hours of Friday. Following the impeachment of the former Governor, Murtala Nyako, October 11 has been fixed for election to get a substantive governor… In "News"