The Federal Government yesterday declared that the killing of security operatives amounted to a declaration of war on the country.  The government warned that “overwhelming force’ would be used against the perpetrators of such heinous crime. It reassured Nigerians that it was not “overwhelmed” by the worsening insecurity and called on the media to douse the “pervasive tension” caused by insecurity. Minister of Information and Culture Lai Mohammed who stated this at a news conference in Lagos, said the government was set to prosecute 400 suspects arrested for allegedly terrorism funding. Read Also: PDP faults Lai Mohammed’s stance on terrorism Mohammed said it was regrettable that security personnel were been subjected to “mindless” attacks by gunmen in order to instill fear in people and create a sense of insecurity. He appealed to Nigerians to support security agents, who face the added task of having to watch their backs while protecting others. The minister said: “Now, there is a growing dangerous trend which I will like to comment on. It is the practice of launching deadly attacks against the nation’s security personnel. Soldiers, policemen, Customs officials and other security agents have been killed and maimed in some parts of the country in this growing trend of targeting security forces. “I want to say, unequivocally, that any attack on our security men and women is an attack on the state and a declaration of war on the nation. It follows, therefore, that this will be countered with overwhelming force. “Whether known or unknown gunmen, those engaged in this dastardly act will pay dearly for their actions. “When those whose responsibility it is to protect us are themselves being subjected to mindless attacks, it can only be for one reason only; To instill fear and evoke a sense of pervasive insecurity among the people.” Read Also: Army investigates alleged killing of trader by soldier Mohammed appealed to the media “to play your part in dousing the pervasive tension while government continues with efforts to restore peace and security.” “While the media must continue to carry out its primary responsibility to inform, criticise and stimulate debate, it must also realise that it can only carry out this responsibility in an atmosphere of peace and security.” Reiterating the commitment of President Muhammadu Buhari’s administration to tackling insurgency, banditry, and other security threats, the minister described the planned prosecution of the 400 terror suspects as “unprecedented.”  Source Abuja - The Minister of Information and Culture, Lai Mohammed on Tuesday said the Federal Government has the capacity to crush Boko Haram/ISWAP terrorists in the northeast and bandits in the north western parts of the country. This comes as security forces grapple with the activities of terrorists and bandits… In "Top Stories" The Minister of Information and Culture, Lai Mohammed, has assured Nigerians that the Federal Government is handling the problem of insecurity in the country. He said the insinuation in some quarters that the government was clueless was unfounded, adding that the result of government’s efforts would soon be evident. A… In "News" The Federal Government on Thursday told critics that President Muhammadu Buhari won’t resign over Saturday’s killing of some farmers in Zabarmari, Borno State, by Boko Haram. Their calls were cheap, irresponsible and amounted to playing politics with security, Information, Culture and Tourism Minister Lai Mohammed said. ‘’Mr President was elected… In "News"