The Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) Thursday said state governors do not run the affairs of the corporation, stressing that negotiation to determine a new pump price of petrol was still ongoing between the organised labour and the Federal Government.  It added that there was no official announcement of any price hike for the product. Kaduna State Governor, Mallam Nasir el-Rufai was yesterday quoted as saying that there was a recommendation from the Nigeria Governors’ Forum that petrol should sell for between N380 to N408 per litre. The recommendation was a request for the complete removal of the subsidy on petrol. With the removal, the product would be at the mercy of demand and supply. But the NNPC, Group General Manager, Group Public Affairs Division, Dr. Kennie Obateru, told The Nation on phone that it was not the responsibility of state governors to run the corporation. “I can’t react to that. You know how the thing runs: it is not the state governments that will determine what we do in our Corporation. It is a government (Federal) thing. “And as far as I am concerned, negotiation is ongoing; so when it is communicated to the appropriate quarters. That is when we will respond. For now we don’t have any official communication,” he said during a telephone interview. He assured the general public that the recommendations of N408 per litre would not lead to any scarcity of petrol. According to him, NNPC had petrol stock sufficiency of 40 days. “Our plan is always to have over 40 days of sufficiency” he said, stressing that fuel was available in abundance.  Source By Hussaina Yakubu Kaduna -  The Kaduna State Government has warned petroleum products marketers against diversion of the products to black marketers or risk arrest and sanction by relevant agencies. The government gave the warning shortly after the State Executive Council meeting on Monday in Kaduna. This was announced in… In "Business" The Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation may spend N102.96bn on petrol subsidy this month going by the recent pricing template for the commodity. A Federal Government agency, Petroleum Products Pricing Regulatory Agency, on Thursday published the expected new lower and upper prices for petrol at retail outlets in March 2021, putting… In "Business" The Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) has said it would maintain its current ex-depot price of Premium Motor Spirit (petrol) until the conclusion of ongoing engagement with the organized labour and other stakeholders. Addressing newsmen in Abuja, the Group General Manager, Group Public Affairs Division, Dr. Kennie Obateru, said the… In "News"