Abuja –  Governor Bello of Kogi state says he has addressed the farmer-herder conflict in the state by integrating the herders into the governance of the state.Unlike his counterparts in the southern part of Nigeria, Governor Yahaya Bello has said Kogi State will not ban open grazing until it has made provision for ranching. Recall that earlier in the week, the governors of the 17 southern states met in Delta State and agreed to end open grazing, to check farmer-herder clashes and other security threats. “(We) affirmed that the peoples of Southern Nigeria remain committed to the unity of Nigeria on the basis of justice, fairness, equity and oneness and peaceful co-existence between and among its peoples with a focus on the attainment of shared goals for economic development and prosperity; ii) observed that the incursion of armed herders, criminals and bandits into the Southern part of the country has presented a severe security challenge such that citizens are not able to live their normal lives including pursuing various productive activities leading to a threat to food supply and general security. Consequently, the meeting resolved that open grazing of cattle be banned across Southern Nigeria,” the communique detailing their resolutions read. But the governor, in an interview with Channels TV, Friday evening, said he holds a different view on the issue. “I have not banned grazing because there’s no provision for ranching yet. There is no provision for ranching. Should I send away millions of Fulani people that are living their normal lives, that have been living with us peacefully over the years? Should I send them away?” Mr Bello said he has instead, integrated the herders by ensuring that their conflict with farmers does not exist. “I inherited a problem in Kogi and have solved it with the cooperation of my traditional rulers, with the youths, women, with farmers and even Fulanis themselves. “We know that the land is no longer enough but we can accommodate each other within the limited that we have. We can’t just send them out. A lot of the Fulanis have been driven from the south. RelatedNewsInsecurity: Anglican Archbishop calls for national dialogueFA Cup LIVE UPDATES: Ihenacho, Ndidi gunning For history against ChelseaTotal blackout, airport shutdown loom as Kaduna workers begin strike‘Why I’m called most flexible man in Nigeria’- Nigerian Contortionist, DFLEX Southern governors’ resolutions at their meeting on Tuesday generated more nationwide reactions on Wednesday. The northern sociopolitical group, the Arewa Consultative Forum, told The PUNCH that some of those advocating restructuring were bent on the disintegration of the country. The group, however, supported the decision of the governors to ban… In "News" State governments on Thursday differed on ranching for herdsmen as a solution to killings and kidnappings by herders. Officials of Oyo, Cross River, Kogi, Enugu, Ondo and Ekiti state governments in separate interviews with The PUNCH, said their states had no plans to establish ranches for herdsmen. But their counterparts… In "News" •Southern Nigeria governors ASABA - The 17 governors of the southern part of Nigeria have called on the Federal government to immediately “convoke a national dialogue as a matter of urgency,” to address the burning issues in the country. The forum at its meeting held today (11th May, 2021), at… In "Top Stories"