ABUJA –  The Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps ( NSCDC), Lagos State Command, has busted an attempt to siphon Premium Motor Spirit ( PMS) generally referred to as petrol in Iyana- Odo area of Lagos State. This is contained in a statement signed and released by Assistant Superintendent of Corps 1, (ASC1) Oluwaseun Abolurin, the command’s spokesperson in Lagos State on Saturday. The statement stated that the NSCDC personnel on patrol at Iyana – Odo area in the Alimosho Local Government Area (LGA) of Lagos State busted the syndicates on May 22 at 0335 a.m. The statement said that the suspected vandals planned to load a-30,000-litre -capacity truck with PMS but for the gallant efforts of the NSCDC personnel. “However, the suspected syndicates met their waterloo as the NSCDC operatives on patrol were hinted by the Command’s robust ‘Community-Based Intelligence Network’ that busted them at the scene of the crime,” the statement said. According to the statement, the actual content in the truck was yet to be ascertained. “The suspected vandals also took to their heels having sighted the team from our Anti- Vandal Unit on patrol at the Iyana – Odo axis and others from the state command. “No suspects were apprehended as all of them dived into the slum. “The NSCDC operatives remained stationed from dusk to dawn without any fear of attack until the operation was apparently successful,” the statement said. The statement added that the NSCDC Commandant in Lagos State, Mr Paul Ayeni , also led a team of officers to the scene on an on-the-spot assessment of the activities of the vandals. The statement stated that the impounded truck from the scene of the operation had been towed to the State Command’s headquarters on the order of the Commandant. It added that the Commandant had also ordered that investigation should commence into the matter in order to get to its root and ensure that justice is served. The statement said that the commandant had informed the management of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) in Lagos of the development. The commandant was quoted in the statement as saying that the vandals who escaped would be apprehended and would be brought to book in accordance with the provisions of the law. “ I also appeal to the citizens and residents of the state to continue to avail the corps with relevant security information which will assist its personnel in ensuring maximum security and safety of lives and property .” He said that such would also help corps to strategise on how to successfully protect oil pipelines, critical national assets, and infrastructure in Lagos. By Muhammad Nasir Bashir Dutse - The Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) Command in Jigawa, on Thursday said it has arrested a suspected vandal Auwalu Ibrahim, in Babura Local Government Area of the state. The command’s spokesman, Mr Adamu Shehu, made this known in a statement issued in… In "Metro" By Moses Omorogieva Lagos -  The Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) in Lagos State on Tuesday said that a suspected NNPC pipeline vandal got killed while trying to disarme an operative. The spokesperson of the Corps in Lagos, Miss Kehinde Bada, an Assistant Superintendent of Corps, disclosed this… In "Metro" LAGOS - The Lagos State Command of the Nigeria security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) says it has arrested over 60 suspected vandals for their involvement in vandalising critical government infrastructure. A statement by the command’s Public Relations Officer, Chibuzor Mefor, on Friday in Lagos, said the Commandant, Mr Gabriel… In "News"