Abuja –      Rev. Fr. Ejike Mbaka of the Adoration Ministry, located in Enugu, has told Garba Shehu, the Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity to President Muhammadu Buhari to apologise to him. Mbaka also warned Garba Shehu to trade with caution, adding that the President’s mouthpiece can also be killed by rampaging bandits. Father Mbaka made the demand following Shehu’s recent claims that the clergyman came to Buhari begging for contracts and was disappointed. Recall that Mbaka had last week asked President Muhammadu Buhari to resign forthwith or be impeached by the House of Representatives. Angered by the cleric’s outburst, the Presidency, through Mr. Shehu had accused the priest of making the call now because he was denied a contract by Buhari. Mbaka has now described Shehu’s claims as laughable, saying, “Garba Shehu that is talking, the bandits can kill him too. No amount of security can save them if things get worse. “They have shown they don’t have reward mechanism. Shehu should be apologising to me. “They are busy branding communities and states terrorists. If Kaduna, Benue, and other places are branded terrorist states, will Nigeria not be branded a terrorist country?” •Fr. Mbaka and President Buhari The Catholic Diocesan Director of Communication, Enugu State, Fr. Benjamin Achi, has reacted to the outburst of the Spiritual Director of the Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Rev. Fr. Ejike Mbaka, against President Muhammadu Buhari over the spate of insecurity in Nigeria. Achi said though the diocese… In "Top Stories" •Fr Mbaka and President Muhammadu Buhari Tell me your friend, and I will tell you who you are. Incompetence, plus incompetence, that’s what we have in Nigeria today. And that is the reason why the the country is sliding, not progressing, why everything is on the downward trend. When we… In "Opinion" •Fr. Ejike Mba In 2015, when Reverend Father Camilus Ejike Mbaka, Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministries Enugu, Nigeria, (AMEN), predicted that President Goodluck Jonathan would not return to Aso Rock, that Muhammadu Buhari would win the 2015 Presidential Election, it was like most members of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP),… In "Opinion"