Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has declared that who gets the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) ticket for the 2023 presidential poll is the least of his thinking for now. Rather, he said he is more concerned about how to solve the myriad of problems including security challenges facing the country as the nation’s number two citizen. Osinbajo, in a release on Monday by his spokesman, Laolu Akande, stressed he has not declared any interest whatsoever in the 2023 election, “but he is rather focused on working in his capacity as Vice President in the current administration to address all the compelling issues in the country and concerns of Nigerians, including finding effective and lasting solutions to the security challenges”. The Vice President, who was reacting to a website that had started mobilizing support for Osinbajo ahead of the 2023 presidential poll, emphasised that he has nothing to do with the website and its activities. The release stated: “The attention of the Office of the Vice President has been drawn to a website:supportosinbajo.ng that is calling on Nigerians to join a volunteer group mobilizing support for Prof. Yemi Osinbajo, ahead of the 2023 presidential election. Details of this website and the solicitation of the group are currently trending on WhatsApp with a suggestion that Prof. Osinbajo has “quietly” declared interest in the 2023 election. “The Office of the Vice President is not in any way connected to this website or the group behind it and considers such an enterprise an unnecessary distraction. Therefore, we ask that people desist from such unhelpful permutations. •Asiwaju Tinubu and Vice President Osinbajo By Vincent Kalu Notwithstanding public appearances and statements to the contrary, political permutations and maneuvering for the 2023 presidential race may have finally come between the national leader of the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu and the Vice President, Prof… In "Politics" By Chijioke Okoronkwo Abuja - Vice President Yemi Osinbajo says there is an ongoing effort to improve the security situation in the country including plans to recruit more troops and officers to beef up the personnel of security agencies. Osinbajo’s spokesman, Laolu Akande , in a statement on Monday in… In "News" The National Coordinator, Concerned Advocates for Good Governance, CAGG, Olusegun Bamgbose has alleged that Yemi Osinbajo is under intense pressure to resign his position as the Vice Presiden of Nigeria. According to Bamgbose, Osinbajo is no longer allowed to address the press anymore, except authorized by the cabals and hence… In "Politics"