The Economic and Financial Crime Commission (EFCC) has seized jewellery worth N14 billion from former Minister of Petroleum, Diezani Allison-Madueke.  EFCC Chairman, Abdulrasheed Bawa, made this known at the House of Representatives ad hoc committee investigating the assessment and status of recovered loot on Friday in Abuja He also said the Houses seized from the former Minister is also valued at 80million dollars. The anti-graft chairman said that Diezani’s jewellery are still in the custody of the agency, adding it had not been auction but had been finally forfeited to the Federal Government. He said that court processes, procedures and administrative exigencies had stalled some of the seized assets to be auctioned by the anti -graft agency. Bawa however said that the agency would henceforth deal with the seized assets case by case at the courts in order to quickly dispose the assets. “Already the Federal Government has set up a committee under the chairmanship of the Solicitor-General for the Federation and I think they are working tirelessly. This, according to him, is to ensure that assets that are not only recovered by the EFCC but the entirety of the recovery agencies assets are disposed off. “We have EFCC representatives from that committee and we believe at the end of the day Nigerians are going to appreciate what that committee will come out with in term of the mandate given to them,” he said. Asked when the committee would wind up so the assets could be disposed, Bawa said that he was not a member of the committee to know how soon the assets were going to be disposed Bawa said that in its quest to transform the agency, it would soon digitalise its processes, adding that it had also created and upgraded four additional departments to restore confidence. He listed the departments to include: Intelligence, procurement, Internal Affairs and the Information Communication Technology Department He said there was no loot that had been re looted as being speculated, stressing that going forward, the EFCC would be different and Nigerians would be the better for it. He said that he would always honour the National Assembly to account for what the agency had done, adding that public servants come and go but the institution would remain. (NAN) The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) plans to spend N42,303,506 on payment of rent in the 2020 fiscal year. The estimated N42.303 million for rent forms part of the commission’s N30,921,658,070 budget proposal as contained in the N10.33 trillion 2020 budget presented to the joint session of the National… In "News" •Ibrahim Magu ABUJA - A prior presidential panel, which investigated the suspended acting Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, Ibrahim Magu, indicted him, a report published by the News Agency of Nigeria has alleged. The report, according to NAN, noted that the embattled EFCC boss had been unable… In "News" Justice Nicholas Oweibo of the Federal High Court in Lagos State has ordered the forfeiture of 2,149 pieces of jewellery and a customised gold iPhone, valued at $40m, belonging to a former Minister of Petroleum Resources, Mrs Diezani Alison-Madueke. The judge ordered that the items should be temporarily forfeited to… In "News"