By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  The Federal Government today commissioned the Nigerian Shippers’ Council (NSC) North-Central Zonal Coordinating Office Complex in Jos, Plateau State. The Honourable Minister of Transportation, Rt. Hon. Chibuike Rotimi Amaechi, who led the Federal Government’s delegation said that the project is a deliberate effort of government in creating an enabling environment for stakeholders as well as for job creation in the State. The Minister observed that times are difficult and government at all levels must device channels by which the problems in the country can be addressed. Amaechi made the observation in a statement signed by the Director, Press & Public Relation, Anastasia Ogbonna made available to Sundiata Post. Amaechi also lauded the sterling qualities of the Executive Secretary, NSC, Hassan Bello and acknowledged that it is the tenets of humility, hard work and dedication that spurred him to recommend him to President Muhammadu Buhari ,who renewed his tenure for another term in office. The host, Governor of Plateau State, Simon Lalong, in his address thanked the FG for siting the project in the state and on behalf of the State Government assured of the maximum use of it. He further disclosed that the State is one of the four new cargo airports recently approved in the country, adding that with the ongoing rail modernisation project, the time is right for the completion of the Jos Inland Container Dry Port. The Permanent Secretary, Federal Ministry of Transportation, Dr. Magdalene Ajani, in her remarks reiterated that the commissioned office is for all stakeholders in the zone with focus being on instituting an efficient and effective economic regulatory system in the transport sector. According to Dr. Ajani, “this initiative is expected to complement government efforts at developing and implementing an integrated efficient transport sector”. Furthermore, She expressed the optimism that the collaboration between Plateau State Government and the Federal Ministry of Transportation will promote job and wealth creation, reduce insecurity as well as stimulate social economic development in the State, the North-Central Zone and the nation at large. Speaking earlier, the Executive Secretary, NSC, Hassan Bello, told the Stakeholders to see the project as their own and to use it for the upliftment  of international trade shipping, and transportation”. He also acknowledged the efforts of the Honourable Minister and attributed the growth of NSC as an economic regulator to his unwavering commitment. The event also had a virtual presentation on the proposed N15 billion, Maritime Resource Centre in Jos. The project according to Hassan Bello, will be delivered through a Public Private Partnership. He assured of NSC’s support of the project and sought the buy-in of the Federal Ministry of Transportation and the Plateau State government. The occasion had in attendance, the Deputy Governor, Plateau State, Professor Sonni Gwanle Tyoden, the Gbong Gwom, Jos, His Royal Majesty, Jacob Gyang Buba, Members of the Plateau State Executive Council, the Director Maritime Services, Federal Ministry of Transportation, Suleiman Auwalu, among others. Earlier, the Minister had a brief stop over at the Jos Inland Container Dry Port, Heipang, where he was briefed on the facilities put in place thus far. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Minister of Transportation, Rt.Hon. Chibuike Rotimi Amaechi has said that the ministry would support the Nigerian Shipper’s Council (NSC) in ensuring compliance, implementation and enforcement of the Nigerian Port Process Manual (NPPM) to reduce corruption in the maritime sector. It would be… In "News" Lagos - Maritime activities ended on Friday in Lagos as the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) received an award by the Shippers’ Association Lagos State (SALS) for Prudent News Dissemination. A Director and Head of Lagos Office of NAN, Mr Joe Bankole, received the award on behalf of the agency.… In "News" Kaduna,   - The Minister of Transport, Mr Chibuike Amaechi, on Friday urged maritime stakeholders and trading associations to take the best advantage of facilities at the Inland Container Depots (ICDs) when fully operational. Amaechi made the plea at a one-day sensitisation programme titled ``Towards the Successful Take-Off of the Kaduna… In "News"