You may recall my travails under the wicked and evil Muhammadu Buhari regime.Apart from the covert attacks of all their intelligence services, the public face of their fight was Aisha Alhassan.This shameless wretch held a press conference and lied that I didn’t put the Chibok schoolgirls in school in America and told their parents that their daughters were just domestic servants to white people.I pronounced a divine judgment upon her then if she didn’t repent. She fired back and insulted me further. The following week she collapsed in Yola.I finally sued her for defamation in Abuja High Court. I traveled to Nigeria for my case over 10 times at great cost. Most times the case won’t go on. Then in 2019 the case entered voicemail and never reappeared for hearing again.In the meantime Aisha lost out politically when she betrayed her boss in a leaked video recording and was not reappointed as minister like her other failed cabinet colleagues. Last month while in Nigeria, a learned colleague came and informed me that Aisha Alhassan had gone to the Abuja High Court, where she ignominiously left employment after looting millions, and emotionally blackmailed them that how dare they allow me come from US and embarrass her in the court she “built”?I was shocked but not surprised at this revelation knowing how she manipulated her way and escaped conviction when she was criminally charged to court for corruption.Based on this information I asked my counsel to approach the court for a new date in my case.The court fixed May 6 for the hearing. Unfortunately due to the JUSUN strike, the case did not proceed. You can thus see why the news of her death the day after another aborted hearing of my quest for justice in my defamation case against her and the FGN Federal Government of Nigeria) is poetic and prophetic justice in and of itself. “Though hand join in hand, the wicked shall not be unpunished: but the seed of the righteous shall be delivered.”Proverbs 11:21 – https://www.biblegateway.com/passage?search=Proverbs%2011:21&version=KJV The Chibok father whom Aisha bribed to speak against me has also suffered multiple calamities including becoming internally displaced amongst others. Nigeria’s rulers should be warned that as the wise King Solomon said, “All this have I seen, and applied my heart unto every work that is done under the sun: there is a time wherein one man ruleth over another to his own hurt.”Ecclesiastes 8:9 – https://www.biblegateway.com/passage?search=Ecclesiastes%208:9&version=KJV The regime of Umaru Yar’adua threatened me for my integrity and principles. Just the day before yesterday we marked his end and the collapse of his cabal 11 years ago. Gen. Abacha imprisoned and tortured me in the Presidential Villa 25 years ago. Next month marks 23 years since he perished with his hideous regime. The Buhari regime is facing and will face it’s own divine visitation which is to be feared more than phantom coup alarmism. In my prophetic pronouncement against the regime for their false accusations against me, I said thus, “If anyone returns evil for good, evil will not depart from his house.”Proverbs 17:13 – https://www.biblegateway.com/passage?search=Proverbs%2017:13&version=ESV If you check it, you will see that evil has not departed Aso rock. For the first time in our nation’s history aides of the First Lady and the ptresident opened fire against themselves in the Villa. Before that the First Lady went on international media to embrass her husband as a clueless non-performer unworthy of her future vote and he himself blasted her as only useful for food and sex – all while traveling abroad!Worst of all, most recently, the First Lady has set a record as a refugee abroad from the putrid stench of her husband’s ruinous misgovernance. For the first time, Nigeria has a nomadic president and an IDP First Lady (Internationally Displaced Person.) The regime continued its campaign of lies against me abroad and I sued their collaborators Drew Hinshaw and Joe Parkinson who stupidly and corruptly while knowing Aisha Alhassan lied about the girls not being in school, defamed me in the Wall Street Journal as a terrorist for my sponsorship of the girls.Although the court recently refused to reinstate the case after a default judgment on the technicality that I didn’t file certain documents during the pendency of the pandemic, I have appealed that unjust and unfair decision to the US Court of Appeal. The Nigerian regime and their American acolytes will not escape justice poetic, prophetic or prosaic!Ironically Aisha Alhassan died before she could see the university graduation of four out of the 12 schoolgirls I brought to US (three Chibok and one other terror survivor) between this week and next week.However, Aisha Alhassan never saw the five Chibok girls she fraudulently took away from me graduate beyond secondary school despite the millions they squandered and plundered in the guise of educating them.She left a bountiful harvest of failure not only with the “government girls” in US but also with the Chibok girls in Nigeria.As we celebrate the successes of the non-government girls graduating in the US over the next few days, Aisha is neither missed nor mourned.She owned much landed property in Abuja but died in a foreign land like a typical Nigerian kleptocrat.No one is immortal and death is the debt humanity pays for a life we never borrowed but were bestowed.When my time comes my deeds will speak for me as hers have spoken for her. May our rulers learn to fear God. •Ogebe is a US-based attorney By Aniebo Nwamu Until now, I didn’t believe any representative of the Nigerian government would raise their voice during a conversation with parents of the missing Chibok schoolgirls. Government exists to protect life and property, and, where it fails as in the case of the Chibok schoolgirls, it should at… In "Opinion" By Reuben Abati Mrs Aisha M. Buhari, the wife of President Muhammadu Buhari is probably the most loved person in Nigeria today, especially by critics of her husband’s administration. She first came to our notice in this regard when in the course of her ailing husband’s medical vacation in London, she… In "Opinion" ...Police DIG relocates to Yobe  ...Aisha Buhari Begs Abductors to Leave Our Daughters Alone   Abuja （Sundiata Post）-  Some parents of the 110 abducted Government Girls Science and Technology College pupils in Dapchi, Yobe State, and sympathisers on Thursday occupied the premises of the National Assembly complex in Abuja, calling on… In "News"