At least 30 Igbo speaking indigenes of Benue state have been slaughtered by suspected Fulani herdsmen on Sunday.  According to DailyPost, the attack took place in Ado Local Government Area of Benue State.  James Oche, the Local Government Area Chairman, confirmed this in a Facebook post on Monday, sharing videos and photos of the incident. The suspected herdsmen were said to have attacked Ndigwe, Ataloga, Odokem, Ekile, Nduobasi, Ekpufu, Obakota and other nearby villages in the LGA. He called on the people of the area to defend themselves, adding that the era of arms folding is over. The LGA boss wrote, “Yesterday, no fewer than 30 Igbo speaking indigenes of Ado Local Government lost their lives to attacks by Fulani herdsmen and their mercenaries on Ndigwe, Ataloga, Odokem, Ekile, Nduobasi, Ekpufu, Obakota and other nearby villages. “We have a situation of nearly 5000 internally displaced persons in addition to the destruction occasioned by the assailants. It took the concerted efforts of Operation Whirlstroke after we informed them, to repel the attacks. “The era of lip service and arms folding is over. The people of Ado must rise up to the occasion in self-defence. In whatever way possible, our people must be empowered to defend themselves. Enough of the killings, we are not cowards.”   ONITSHA (Sundiata Post) - The number of Igbo communal locations in 10 states of Anambra, Abia, Ebonyi, Enugu, Imo, Rivers, Delta, Edo, Benue and Kogi presently threatened or permanently occupied by armed Fulani herdsmen has now risen to 700. This is according to new findings made by the International Society… In "Top Stories" •Governor Dave Umahi of Ebonyi State Gunmen suspected to be herdsmen on Sunday attacked some Ebonyi communities, killing at least 30 persons. The gunmen attacked Odoke, Ndiobasi and Obakotara communities in Ebonyi Local Government Area. Sources in the area said the gunmen struck the three communities around 3am on Sunday.… In "Top Stories" The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has threatened to move into Benue State with its Eastern Security Network (ESN) if urgent steps are not taken by the State ,governor, Samuel Ortom to protect Igbos in his State. In a statement by the media and publicity secretary of the group, Emma… In "News"