•Kim Kardashian and Kanye West By Ebere One of the foremost high-profile stories regarding celebrities in recent weeks has been the news that Kim Kardashian and Kanye West, one among the foremost famous couples within the world, are apparently headed towards a divorce. This has been within the offing for quite a while with various signs showing that the couple might not be living in marital bliss anymore after around six years of marriage, and this is often likely to be a story that a lot of within the USA and therefore, the remainder of the planet will still follow because it develops in 2021. However, curiously enough, there’s something here which has garnered the interest of some within the world of finance, specifically in cryptocurrencies also, thanks to the Bitcoin that Kim Kardashian owns. Cryptocurrencies are growing in popularity over the last 12 months approximately like never before, with the likes of Bitcoin and Ethereum seeing their prices increase multiple times. generally, the utilization of blockchain to underpin crypto transactions has been an enormous reason for its attractiveness, since that creates transactions rapid, safe and anonymous. Many celebrities are showing interest in crypto during this point also , and therefore the price that Bitcoin has reached probably makes it accessible, a minimum of if you would like to have a full token, only to the rich and famous. However, many industries and businesses also are performing on ways to integrate cryptocurrencies into their operations, and therefore the world of online gambilng has been leading this effort. New crypto casinos offer bitcoin gambling, with many BTC live dealers as well, and this is something that has already garnered a lot of interest and attention from crypto users as well as online gambling fans all over the world. Thus, Bitcoin and other crypto tokens have seen tons of interest from businesses, the overall public and celebrities, and thus the question of ownership for Kardashian’s tokens is a stimulating one. In 2018, Kardashian received 1 BTC from Matthew Rozak, the chairman and co-founder of the blockchain firm Bloq, and a founding partner of Tally Capital, as a gift. That token, which might are worth around $8,000 at the time, is now around $50,000 in value, and albeit those numbers are a pittance compared to Kardashian’s overall income and net worth, there are unlikely to be any assets she owns that have increased by more than six times in value in just 18 months. Thus, it is likely that she would want to keep hold of it, especially given the further upside potential that Bitcoin has over the coming months and years. The couple apparently do have a prenuptial agreement to assist settle the ownership of assets within the event of a divorce, but it’s unknown if it covers digital assets and crypto. consistent with California state law, the token would be treated as a property , and thus would be split equally between both of them, since it had been acquired after the wedding . Of course, this assumes that Kardashian doesn’t own any longer Bitcoin. If she did, they might form a neighborhood of the dispute also, with Kanye West well within his rights to demand proof of ownership and value, even with private keys being needed to be delivered if a court asks for them. On the opposite hand, West has been on record talking about the advantages of Bitcoin, so it’s possible that he owns some also . Thus, the couple’s potential ownership of Bitcoin, by either one among them, might be a stimulating side-plot in their wider divorce proceedings, which is why this has also picked attention among those within the fintech and crypto space. Reality star Kim Kardashian West reunited with her husband Kanye West on Monday July 27, after flying down to Wyoming for marriage crisis talks with the troubled rapper over his recent behavior on social media. The celebrity couple were pictured together in a vehicle, having an intense conversation after leaving… In "News" Kanye West is tweeting again and this time, he's saying some shocking things about his family, Michael Jackson, and other people. He said he's been trying to divorce Kim Kardashian for years now. He said he began considering the divorce after Kim met Meek Mill at a hotel for prison… In "Social Media Feeds" Kim Kardashian is said to have persuaded her fiancé Kanye West to agree to stream their white wedding on The Keeping With The Kardashians reality TV show. Reports had earlier said the rapper vehemently refused to be part of the show which he allegedly once called "degrading". According to The… In "Foreign"