The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), has revealed the identity of those behind a recent armed attack at the presidential villa.  According to PDP, the attack was carried out by bandits.  PDP added that the alleged security breach was an indication that President Muhammadu Buhari lacked the capacity to secure Nigeria. The President’s spokesman, Garba Shehu, had confirmed via his Twitter handle that some unknown gunmen attempted to break into the office of Buhari’s Chief of Staff, Ibrahim Gambari. Shehu in his tweet said the alleged attack was unsuccessful. Reacting to the development in a series of tweets, PDP marvelled at the laxity of security around the State House. It said “is alarmed by the invasion of Aso Presidential Villa by bandits and armed robbers,” adding that “the development further points to the collapse of security command structure under President @MBuhari’s incompetent watch.” “The party says that the reported bandit assault on the residence of the Chief of Staff to Mr. President, Prof. Ibrahim Gambari, within the precinct of the Presidential Villa, is too close to home and has heightened apprehensions over the capacity @MBuhari Presidency to secure the nation. “All over the world, the Presidential Villa, as the seat of power and national sovereignty, is the fortress of the nation that ought to have impregnable security. “As such, any breach of security, particularly by outlaws and in sequence, sends a clear danger signal to the overall security of the nation. “It is imperative to state that such security infraction, that gave way for outlaws to invade the Presidential villa in sequence, in spite of its perceptibly secured ambience, can only happen under an absentee President, who have not demonstrated the required capacity expected of his office.” The party urged Buhari to sit up to his responsibilities of ensuring the protection of lives and properties of Nigerians.  Source The Peoples Democratic Party has attacked President Muhammadu Buhari over an attempted robbery incident at the Aso Rock. The party says the robbery attack on Monday shows that the President Muhammadu Buhari lacked the capacity to secure Nigeria. The opposition party said this in a press statement on Tuesday titled,… In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Peoples Democratic Party is alarmed by the invasion of Aso Presidential Villa by bandits and armed robbers, saying the development further points to the collapse of security command structure under President Muhammadu Buhari’s incompetent watch. The party maintained that the reported bandit… In "Politics" •Kaduna protest ABUJA (SundiataPost) - The main opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has questioned the arrest, by the All Progressives Congress (APC) government, of organisers of a peaceful protest against the unchecked mass killing by bandits and insurgents in Katsina State and other parts of the country, particularly in the… In "Politics"