IZUNWANNE, an association of senior journalists of Southeast origin, has commended the administration of Chief Willie Maduaburochukwu Obiano, on the construction and successful test run of the Anambra International Cargo Airport, located at Umueri.  In a statement jointly signed by its Chairman, Sir Abuchi Anueyiagu, and the Secretary, Elder Ngwuoke Ngwuoke, IZUNWANNE described the airport as a legacy project and a catalyst for accelerated economic development of Anambra State and Southeast. The group noted that the airport would create a new economic corridor for the teeming industrialists, entrepreneurs and businessmen, not only in Anambra State but also in the entire Southeast geopolitical zone and Nigeria in general. “The International Cargo Airport is a dream come true for thousands of businessmen in the Southeast. With the test run of the airport, a new economic corridor has been opened for them”, IZUNWANNE remarked. The senior journalists further remarked that with the opening of the airport, more than 10,000 jobs would be created in different areas, thereby reducing the unemployment burden in the Southeast. The group was particularly happy that Governor Obiano completed the project construction during lifetime of his administration, contrary to the practice where some state governors fail to complete projects they started, passing the burden of completion to in-coming administrations. “It is gratifying to note that Governor Obiano administration began and completed substantial parts of the Anambra International Cargo Airport project within a record time of 15 months”. IZUNWANNE also commended the Executive Chairman of Air Peace, Chief Allen Onyema, for the leading and exemplary role he is playing in the aviation industry and for letting his two passenger air planes to be used to test run the airport. The group further commended the Umueri community for providing the land and conducive atmosphere for the construction. This gesture, the group hoped, would continue in the medium and long term for the overall realization of the project objectives. They advised Anambra State government to ensure that a sustainable system is put in place for the maintenance of the facilities at the airport. Umueri Airport Project Will Boost Development Of Anambra–Official In "Business" IZUNWANNE, a body of senior journalists of Southeast of Nigeria origin, has condemned the attacks on media houses (The Nation newspaper, Television Continental (TVC), and Channels Television) in Lagos on Wednesday, 21 October 2020. In a statement signed by Sir Abuchi Anueyiagu, president and Elder Ngwuoke Ngwuoke, secretary, the group… In "News" Awka  -   Gov. Willie Obiano of Anambra has called for partnership between the State and Ethiopian Airline in the construction of a cargo airport at Umueri in the state. Obiano, who spoke on Saturday when he received a delegation of the Ethiopian airline, said the partnership would be under ``Build,… In "Top Stories"