Hardliners in Iran’s parliament want to limit cooperation with the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA).  Although, a resolution is in sight regarding talks with the U.S. about ending sanctions linked to Iran’s nuclear programme. “The IAEA had three months to fulfil its obligations … it did not do so and the deadline expired yesterday (Saturday),’’ Parliament Speaker, Mohammad Bagher Ghalibaf, said on Sunday, according to the ISNA news agency. Accordingly, the UN agency should no longer have access to pictures of and information from Iran’s nuclear facilities, Ghalibaf said. IAEA chief, Rafael Grossi, said he would make a statement later on Sunday. Under an interim agreement reached between Tehran and the IAEA at the end of February, full monitoring of Iran’s nuclear facilities would only start when the 2015 Vienna nuclear deal was implemented, and the U.S. sanctions lifted. Iran would continue to allow the IAEA to monitor, but not within the framework of the so-called IAEA Additional Protocol and, accordingly, only in a very limited way. Ghalibaf’s statements are seen by observers as part of an internal power struggle that has been going on for months ahead of the presidential election on June 18. The hardliners believe that an international agreement in the nuclear dispute before the election could harm their chances of victory. Moderate forces around President Hassan Rowhani are pushing for a deal, as they say, this could lead to an end to U.S. sanctions and the economic crisis that has lasted for more than two years. Intensive negotiations between Iran and the five parties to the Vienna nuclear agreement have been going on in Vienna for more than a month. According to Rowhani, an agreement is imminent. (dpa/NAN) Vienna - Iran must cooperate quickly with international inspectors who are seeking to find out whether it has really declared its entire nuclear programme, the U.S. and the European Union (EU) demanded on Tuesday. The issue was raised at a board meeting of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), one… In "Foreign" Vienna - A historic agreement has been reached over the Iranian nuclear issue between Iran and six world major countries, a diplomatic source confirmed on Tuesday. The comprehensive agreement was clinched between Iran and Britain, China, France, Germany, Russia and the U.S. after over two weeks of bargain in Vienna.… In "Foreign" Vienna - The UN watchdog policing Iran’s nuclear deal with major powers on Tuesday admonished Tehran for failing to provide access to two undeclared locations or fully answer its questions about past activities there. Reuters first reported on Monday that the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) planned to issue a… In "Foreign"