The Corps Marshal, Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), Dr Boboye Oyeyemi, has expressed shock over the death of late Chief of Army Staff (COAS), Lt.-Gen. Ibrahim Attahiru and other military personnel.  Oyeyemi disclosed this in a statement by the Corps Public Education Officer (CPEO), Assistant Corps Marshal (ACM) Bisi Kazeem, on Sunday in Abuja. He described the unfortunate incident as saddened and a great loss to the nation at this critical period when the Armed Forces was committed to winning the war against insurgency in Nigeria. He prayed for the reposed of the souls of the gallant officer, COAS and other officers as well as cre, who died in the ll-fated crashed NAF aircraft Oyeyemi condoled with President Muhammadu Buhari, the Nigerian Armed Forces, families and friends of the late COAS. He also sympathised with the families of other military officers and crew, who died in the unfortunate air-crash. He enjoined all to take solace in the fact that the late CAOS lived exemplary and patriotic life worthy of emulation by all. He described him as a disciplined, forthright, committed and professional military officer, who was unwavering in fighting and winning the war not only against insurgency but returning peace to the nation. The Corps Marshal prayed that Allah gives strength to President Muhammadu Buhari, members of the Armed Forces and the immediate family and friends the fortitude to bear the great loss. “May the Almighty Allah forgive his shortcomings and grant him and others Aljanah Firdaus,” Oyeyemi prayed.  (NAN) •Scene of the plane crash By Oladapo Udom/Mateen Badru LAGOS - Some security experts have expressed sadness over the death of top military personnel in a plane crash and called for a thorough review of the military aviation sector. The Chief of Army Staff (COAS), Gen. Ibrahim Attahiru and 10… In "News" Abuja - The Minister of Police Affairs, Alhaji Muhammad Dingyadi, has described the Late Chief of Army Staff (COAS), Lt.- Gen. Ibrahim Attahiru, as a courageous and result-oriented army chief. The minister in statement by his Press Secretary, Mr Osaigbovo Ehisienmen, on Saturday in Abuja described the death of the… In "News" •Late Ibrahim Attahiru By sumaila Ogbaje ABUJA - Immediate past Chief of Army Staff and ambassador designate, retired Lt.-Gen. Tukur Buratai, says the late Chief of Army Staff was at the verge of making the nation proud before his tragic end. Buratai in his tribute to late Lt.-Gen. Ibrahim Attahiru,… In "News"