By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, felicitates with Nigerian children as they commemorate this year’s Children’s Day. The Day is set aside to celebrate children and draw attention to issues affecting them. The Senate President urges the authorities at all levels in the country to recognise the critical importance of issues that affect the well-being, happiness and growth of the Nigerian child and to give them priority in their plans and actions. Lawan made the call on Thursday in a statement signed by Special Adviser (Media) Ola Awoniyi made available to Sundiata Post. “On the occasion of the celebration of this Day, I  reassure the Nigerian children that the National Assembly will always accord their needs full attention in its legislative duties with a view to making laws that protect and promote their rights, Lawan said. “I also want to use the opportunity of the occasion to appeal to states that have not domesticated the Child’s Rights Act 2003 to do so in the best interest of the Nigerian Child. “Let us all remain ever conscious of our duty to bring up our children with the right orientation and to bequeathe to them a peaceful and prosperous society,” Lawan said. The Senate President wishes Nigerian children a happy celebration. By Chibuike Nwabuko   Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  President of the Senate, Dr.  Bukola Saraki has felicitated with children across the country and stated that their safety was non- negotiable.   Saraki, in his goodwill message to commemorate the 2018 Children's Day, signed by his Special Adviser on Media and… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, is relieved at the news of the release of the hundreds of schoolboys kidnapped last week Friday at the Government Science Secondary School, Kankara in Katsina State.Lawan says the news that all the kidnapped boys regained… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Senate President, Ahmad Lawn, has felicitated with Nigerians, particularly the Muslim Ummah, on the occasion of this year's Eid-el-Maulud, which is the celebration of the birth of Prophet Mohammed. He sent the message on Wednesday in a statement signed by his Special Adviser… In "Top Stories"