The governor of Kaduna state has attacked the NLC over its 5-day warning strike.  Governor Nasir El-Rufai has accused the Nigeria Labour Congress of using its warning strike to sabotage his state’s economy. The state government said that the conditions that compelled its decision to right-size its work force had not been altered by the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC’s) five days warning strike. The Special Adviser on Media and Communication, Mr Muyiwa Adekeye, in a statement, explained the government’s firm commitment to using all the resources it can generate to serve the interest of the majority of its citizens. The statement pointed out that the government’s resolve was only reinforced by the desperate actions undertaken by the NLC to unlawfully trespass on government facilities, and prevent officers from signing attendance registers. The statement noted that despite these actions, the state government has guaranteed access to the state secretariat and other government offices. It noted that the government intends to continue running its operations in service to the people, despite the futile efforts of the NLC to impede it, adding that all officers from GL 14 upwards are expected at their duty posts as usual. He lamented that the NLC has also shut healthcare access for several citizens, in addition to shutting down electricity, including several hospitals and chased away the patients. The statement further decried, “General hospitals in Kawo, Tudun-Wada, Kafanchan, Giwa, Rigasa, Kakuri and Sabon Tasha were illegally locked. They also shut rural hospitals and primary health centres in Kwoi, Turunku and other locations across the state.” The statement explained that the government shares the pain of the people of Kaduna State amidst what it described as the avalanche of unlawful conduct by the NLC and appealed to all residents to remain peaceful and vigilant. The statement warned that the government was documenting all these violations of the Miscellaneous Offences Act and the Trade Union Act. He said that the government welcomed the visit by the leaders of the Trade Union Congress who met with the Head of Service, Bariatu Y. Mohammed. Hajiya Bariatu had reported on the constructive attitude of the TUC delegation led by Barrister Musa Lawal, its Secretary-General. According to him, the TUC team included Comrade Isa Mohammed of PENGASSAN, Comrade Bulama Haruna, Comrade Ebere Okpara, Comrade Yunusa Zubairu, Comrade Aliyu Yunusa and members of the Kaduna State Executive of the TUC.  Source