By Abiodun Lawal Abeokuta –  Two motorcyclists were on Friday night crushed to death in an accident involving two motorcycles and a Leyland truck opposite Forte Oil filling station around Kotopo on the Abeokuta-lbadan road. Mr Babatunde Akinbiyi, the Spokesperson, Traffic Compliance and Enforcement Corps (TRACE), confirmed the incident to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Saturday in Abeokuta. Akinbiyi explained that the accident occurred at 8.25 pm Friday, alleging that it was caused by reckless driving and impatience on the part of the motorcycle riders. He said that the motorcyclists rammed into the truck coming from the opposite direction. The TRACE spokesman stated that the accident involved two Bajaj motorcycles, one with the registration number SGM 006 VG, and the other with no registration number. and a Leyland truck, marked AAB 969 XV. “The two motorcycles and the truck have been taken to Aregbe police station in Abeokuta,” he said. He added that one of the deceased was taken away by his relatives while the body of the second person was deposited at the morgue of the Federal Medical Centre, Idi Aba, in Abeokuta after being confirmed dead by a medical doctor at the hospital. (NAN) A commercial motorcycle operator and his two passengers were crushed to death on Saturday morning at Onibukun stretch of Sango – Idiroko road, Ogun State by a truck, leaving a heart wrenching sight. The accident which involved an Iveco truck marked EKY 644 WH and Bajaj Boxer motorcycle with registration… In "Metro" Yetunde Fatungase Abeokuta - A commercial bus, on Tuesday, crushed a teenager (names withheld) around Wazobia axis of Ogere toll gate on the Lagos/Ibadan expressway. Mr Babatunde Akinbiyi, the Spokesperson of the Traffic Compliance and Enforcement Corps (TRACE), confirmed the incident to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abeokuta.… In "Metro" ABEOKUTA -Police have arrested a man identified as Azeez Agboola for allegedly parading himself as a legal practitioner in Ogun State.Mr Abimbola Oyeyemi, the Police Public Relations Officer in the state, confirmed the arrest of the suspect in a statement on Thursday.The 50-year-old suspect, a resident of Oko Afor area… In "News"