By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  Former President Goodluck Jonathan has revealed the solution to the Israel-Palestine conflict. According to Jonathan, the conflict can only be resolved by those living within the borders of Israel and Palestine taking time to understand each other until they come to a place where they can coexist, co-prosper and eventually cooperate. Jonathan who  said he has been to both Israel and Palestine and understands and appreciates human angles on both divides. The former president who took to his Facebook page to disclose this  said; I have been to both Israel and Palestine, and as a result, I have some understanding and appreciation of the human angles on both divides. Borders are often human constructs, but the Divine instruction we have is to love our neighbor as ourselves. The present conflict in that part of the world can never be resolved by nations and institutions taking sides. It can only be resolved by those living within the borders of Israel and Palestine taking time to understand each other until they come to a place where they can coexist, co-prosper and eventually cooperate. For that to happen, what is needed, in the immediate term, is a ceasefire, followed by massive confidence building on both sides. That is what the international community should aim for. Peace. It is achievable. I sue for peace in both Israel and Palestine, and urge that every international support should be towards deescalating the conflict, rather than escalating it. Abuja -  The Vice Chairman, Senate Committee on Foreign Affairs, Sen. Shehu Sani, on Friday expressed support for the United Nations’ resolution on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. He said during a visit to the Palestinian Ambassador to Nigeria, Amb. Saleh Fhied, in Abuja, that the conflict had lingered in spite of… In "News" GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip (AP) — Hamas has signed a pledge to back any Palestinian bid to join the International Criminal Court, two senior officials in the group said Saturday. Such a step could expose Israel — as well as Hamas — to war crimes investigations. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas… In "Foreign" •H.E. Maria Fernanda Espinosa (Ecuador) President of the United Nations General Assembly The Ecuadoran Permanent Mission to UN 760 United Nations Plaza, Manhattan New York City, New York, USA  •H.E., Antonio Manuel de Oliveira Guterres (Portugal) Secretary-General of the United Nations The UN Headquarters, First Avenue, 46th Street New York, NY… In "Features"