Grammy awards winners, Burna Boy and Wizkid have been nominated for the Best International Act at the BET Award Show for 2021.  Burna Boy won the category in the last two years and Wizkid won it in 2012, when the category had two divisions for Africa and the UK.  Earlier in the year, Wizkid and Burna Boy won the Best Music Video and Best Global Music Album categories respectively at the 2021 Grammy Awards. In 2020, Wizkid also won the BET HER Award for ‘Brown Skin Girl.’  Both superstars got nominated in the Best International Act category. French singers, Aya Nakamura and Youssoupha; Tanzanian superstar, Diamond Platnumz; Brazlian act, Emicida; British acts, the rapper Headie One and the duo Yung T and Bugsey are all nominated in the category as well.  “We are back and excited to bring culture’s biggest night, the 2021 ‘BET Awards,’ safely back to Los Angeles to celebrate this year’s incredible roster of nominees.  “We broke ground as one of the first official award shows to move forward during the global pandemic and we are ready to take our pioneer status to the next level with the return of an audience to celebrate the best and brightest creative minds in the entertainment industry,” Connie Orlando, EVP Specials, Music Programming & Music Strategy, said. By Joshua Olomu Abuja - Nigerian Afro-fusion singer, Damini Ogulu, better known as Burna Boy, has lost the Best World Music Album trophy to Beninese ace singer, Angélique Kidjo, at the 62nd Grammy Award. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the 62nd Annual Grammy Awards ceremony, acclaimed to… In "Entertainment" Nigerian singers Burna Boy and Rema have been nominated for the Best African Act in the 2020 MTV EMA Nominations. The announcement was made yesterday by MTV. The report by Vanguard revealed that BET Awards 2020 winner and Grammy nominee, Burna Boy has once again been nominated in the Best… In "Entertainment" Nigerian artistes, Burna Boy and Wizkid won big at the 2020 Music of Black Origin, MOBO Awards. The prestigious award held for the first time in three years after going on a hiatus in the year 2017. Wizkid was named the Best African Act while Burna Boy was named the… In "Entertainment"