The family of the General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG), Pastor Enoch Adejare Adeboye, has released a programme for Pastor Dare Adeboye, who went to be with the Lord on Wednesday in Eket, Akwa Ibom State where he was based. Late Pastor Dare Adeboye was the Assistant Pastor in charge of Region (Youth) 35 and passed on at age 42. A statement on behalf of the Adeboye family, by Pastor Leke Adeboye, said that there will be a special service in City of David Youth Church Eket, Akwa Ibom State where Pastor Dare was pastor on Sunday, May 9, 2021. There will be Thanksgiving Songs and Tributes on Monday, May 10, 2021 from 4:00 pm – 6:00 pm (at RCCG House of Favour, Redemption Camp, Lagos-Ibadan Expressway. A farewell service will hold at 10:00 am on Tuesday, May 11, 2021 at the Youth Centre, RCCG Redemption Camp, Ogun State, Nigeria. In the statement, Pastor Leke Adeboye, on behalf of the family, also expressed appreciation to all who have stood by the family. “With our hearts full of gratitude, we appreciate you, for standing by our family, in this period of trial. We are consoled, no doubt, by the fact that our beloved son has returned home, to rest in the bosom to his Maker and Father. “Our confident assurance is rooted in the life of selflessness and sacrifice our son lived for Jesus Christ, our Saviour.“Thank you so much for your prayers and words of encouragement. “Our prayer is that, we will all make it to that glorious home, in Jesus mighty name.” According to The PUNCH, Pastor Dare Adeboye, the son of Enoch Adeboye, the General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God Worldwide, is dead. It was gathered that the 42-year-old, who is the third son of the revered cleric, died in his sleep on Wednesday in Eket, Akwa Ibom… In "News" A former Minister of Education, Oby Ezekwesili has reacted to the death of Pastor Enoch Adeboye's son, Dare. Adeboye is the General-Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God, RCCG. Pastor Dare died in his sleep on Wednesday night at his home in Eket, Akwa Ibom State. He was a… In "News" By Chijioke Okoronkwo Abuja - Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has recounted how Pastor Enoch Adeboye, the General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG) prayed for his protection night before the Chopper crashed in Kabba, Kogi. Osinbajo’s spokesman’s Laolu Akande, in a statement on Monday in Abuja, said… In "News"