Gov. Ahmadu Fintiri of Adamawa has declared a three- day mourning period in honour of Mbula Traditional Ruler, Joel Joram-Fwa, who died on Sunday.  This is contained in a statement by Mr Humwashi Wonosikou, Press Secretary to the Governor on Tuesday in Yola. The governor directed that flags be flown at half mast as a mark of respect for the late first class traditional ruler effective from May 18. He described the late Mbula traditional ruler as a reservoir of knowledge who dedicated his life to the service of humanity and God. The governor said his wise council will be missed in a nation ravaged by crisis and multifaceted challenges threatening to tear her apart. He urged the good people of Mbula kingdom, the Royal family and the entire Adamawa State to take solace in God and bear the irreparable loss. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Joram-Fwa, died on Sunday, at the Federal Medical Centre, Yola, at the age of 82, after a brief illness. Joram-Fwa is survived by a wife and 10 ChildrenBefore his death, he was a member of the Adamawa council of traditional rulers.  (NAN) By Isaac Ukpoju Lafita,  -   President Muhammadu Buhari has said that the vacuum left by the late Emir of Lafia, Dr Isa Mustapha Agwai I, in the traditional institution would be difficult to fill. Buhari, represented by the Minister of Defence, Mansur Dan-Ali at the Three Day prayer for… In "News" YOLA - Traditional rulers in Adamawa have declared their full support and commitment to working with the acting governor of the state, Alhaji Ahmadu Fintiri, for peace and unity of the state. A delegation of the traditional rulers made the declaration while paying Sallah homage to the acting Governor at… In "News" Governor Ahmadu Fintiri of Adamawa State on Saturday presented staff of office to the new 1st Class Chief of Lunguda Kingdom, Mr Kuruhaye Dishon II, with appeal that he and his fellow traditional leaders can do a lot to curb crime by guiding their people appropriately. Speaking in the course… In "News"