The office of the Independent National Electoral Commission in Ohafia Local Government Area of Abia State has been set ablaze.  This happened on Sunday night days after the Commission’s office in Akwa Ibom was set ablaze by unknown men. The incident was confirmed by the Resident Electoral Commissioner for the state, Dr. Joseph Iloh, when the Commission met today to discuss a wide range of issues. A statement issued by the National Commissioner and Chairman, Information and Voter Education Committee, Festus Okoye Esq, revealed that the attack is not the first the Commission has suffered in the state in recent times. The statement partly read, “There are no casualties on the part of our staff on guard duty but the building was virtually destroyed. Apart from furniture items, all electoral materials and office equipment were destroyed. “The matter has been reported to the police for investigation. “It will be recalled that only last week, the Commission reported an attack on its office in Essien Udim Local Government Area of Akwa Ibom State and expressed anxiety about the impact of such attacks on electoral activities, including the ongoing expansion of voter access to Polling Units, resumption of the Continuous Voter Registration (CVR), pending bye-elections, end-of tenure elections and ultimately the 2023 General Election. “The latest incident in Abia State is one too many. This is not the first attack on the Commission’s facilities in the State in recent times. Five months ago on 13th December 2020, the INEC LGA office in Aba South was completely burnt down while that of Arochukwu LGA was vandalised and ransacked in October 2020. “These facilities are national assets, which must be protected. Accordingly, the Commission is convening an emergency meeting of the Inter-Agency Consultative Committee on Election Security (ICCES) next week to discuss this disturbing trend. “Meanwhile, the Commission wishes to reassure Nigerians that all activities in relation to the ongoing expansion of voter access to Polling Units and preparations for the resumption of CVR as well as all scheduled elections will proceed as planned.”  Source Daily Post reports that the office of the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, in Essien Udim Local Government Area of Akwa Ibom state has been set ablaze. INEC National Commissioner and Chairman, Information and Voter Education Committee, Festus Okoye, confirmed the incident in a statement released on Sunday. The office… In "News" Cases of arson have been reported in Ebonyi and Benue states as the Governorship and State Assembly elections got underway across Nigeria this morning (Saturday, March 9, 2019). Just few hours to the commencement of the process, the office of the Independent Electoral commission (INEC) located at Community Secondary School… In "Politics" By Emmanuel Oloniruha Abuja - The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has disclosed that 4,695 Smart Card Readers were destroyed by fire that engulfed its Anambra State headquarters office on Tuesday. The commission disclosed this in a statement issued by Mr Festus Okoye, INEC National Commissioner and Chairman, Information and Voter… In "Politics"