Borno state governor, Babagana Zulum ordered the sanction of 21 health workers found with fake certificates, following a staff verification exercise that led to the discovery of 110 fake medical staff and ghost civil servants.  A statement in Maiduguri by the governor’s media aide, Isa Gusau, confirmed that the verification uncovered 91 ghost civil servants and N23 million misappropriated monthly. “Anyone that fakes certificates in nursing and other medical courses is capable of killing people. Only God knows how many people they might have harmed or even killed. Honestly, we shouldn’t let this go. We should ensure appropriate actions are served to the culprits. “I cannot be lenient on matters involving life and death. Importantly also, we have to employ measures to avert future occurrences,” said Mr Zulum. Chairman of the verification committee, Joseph Jatau, revealed this on Monday, in Maiduguri, while presenting the committee’s report to Mr Zulum at the governor’s office annexe at the Musa Usman secretariat. Mr Jatau explained that among those with fake certificates were nurses, other medical and support staff. The chairman also pointed out that the government discovered 91 ghost workers in the lists of health workers in the state who had either resigned or withdrawn from service. But their salaries were still being paid in their names. Similarly, the committee found that some dead retired and absconded staff were consistently promoted, with salaries also paid in their names, Mr Gusau revealed. He explained that the committee made 13 recommendations to help reposition the health sector for optimal healthcare service delivery in the state.   Source By Rabiu Sani Maiduguri - Gov. Babagana Zulum of Borno has directed the Shehu of Dikwa, Shehu Masta and that of Bama, Umar Ibn El-Kanemi, to return home following return of peace in their domain. Zulum gave the directive in Maiduguri at a meeting with Local Government Chairmen, officials of… In "News" Dar es Salaam - A senior Tanzanian government official told the parliament on Monday that 4,160 public servants out of 9,900 who the government sacked in 2017 over fake academic credentials have been reinstated. Mary Mwanjelwa, the Deputy Minister of State in the President’s Office responsible for Public Service and… In "Foreign" By Hamza Suleiman Maiduguri - The Borno government on Friday began the payment N30,000 minimum wage to civil servants in the state. Mr Bulama Abiso, the Chairman of the Nigerian Labour Congress (NLC), disclosed this in an interview with News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), in Maiduguri. Abiso said that the… In "News"