The Catholic Church in Enugu are impatiently awaiting the response of Adoration faithful as Bishop Callistus Onaga makes good his threat to suspend Fr. Ejike Mbaka.  The bishop has also shut down the Adoration Ministry even as information alleges plan to banish him to Rome. The fiery Enugu priest has also been ordered out of his house at the Adoration ground. The Adorationers had last Wednesday shutdown Enugu in protest forcing the Bishop to release Mbaka from hostage to calm the situation. Without any clear statement on Mbaka’s sin and daring whatever consequences his decisions may cause, in an already charged atmosphere, the bishop has proceeded to suspend the man of God.READ  Patients protest poor food, sanitation at ESUT teaching hospital This time he decided to adopt the pattern earlier suggested by Mbaka himself who announced that he was proceeding on a one-month private prayer retreat. It read: “Our Spiritual Director, Rev Fr Ejike Mbaka wishes to inform his beloved adorers that he has embarked on a private prayer retreat that will end on 10th June 2021. “Consequently, no ministry activities shall be held in the ministry ground pending his return. “He directs that members of the ministry are to observe this period of his retreat as they used to do during the usual January breaks of the ministry, by praying at their homes, being charitable and fasting according to their ability. Adoration! Holy Spirit is our Power.”READ  How we spent $1bn to acquire weapons – Defence Mbaka’s followers believe he is being victimized for his towering image and miracles above his colleagues. Few years ago he was punitively transferred from Christ the Kings Parish GRA Enugu, to an obscure Church in Emene, where he was given only one room to stay. Mbaka was left with no choice than find a place to squat in town while he commenced the development of the bushy Adoration Ministry where he remained until now. Two governor’s in the South East have been fingered in Mbaka’s present travails.   •Rev. Fr. Ejike Mbaka The Catholic Diocese of Enugu may have concluded plans to suspend the Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Rev. Fr. Ejike Mbaka, from church activities for one month, News Express reports. It was gathered that Mbaka was asked to proceed on suspension with effect from May… In "Top Stories" •Rev. Fr. Ejike Mbaka Reverend Father Ejike Mbaka, Spiritual Director of the Adoration Ministry, Enugu, has condemned the invasion by protesting youths and women of Bishop’s Court at Igboeze street Independence Layout and Holy Ghost Cathedral Enugu last Wednesday. Mbaka, who kneeled down while celebrating mass at adoration ground on… In "News" The Spiritual Director of the Adoration Ministry Enugu Nigeria, Rev. Fr. Ejike Mbaka, has disclosed that he was held hostage by the authorities of the Enugu Catholic Diocese for the two days he went incommunicado. Mbaka disclosed this when he spoke with his parishioners on Wednesday at the Adoration Ground,… In "News"