were ready to lose students in planned bandits’ bombardment – El-RufaiEl-Rufai had been asked why he made the comment and if the Igbo would be justified to take revenge on other Nigerians that killed them during the Biafran war.  In his response, the governor said, “If a Fulani man dies in war, it is different. If a Fulani man is arrested by the authorities and convicted, it is not an issue. What the Fulani never forgets is when he is innocently targeted and killed and the authorities do nothing. He will never forget and he will come back for revenge. This is it. “So, it is better to understand the context given the context of what I tweeted which had to do with an issue in Plateau State in 2012. I hope you get the context. So, it is not that Fulani will never forget. Anyone that goes through pain and sorrow either forgets or doesn’t forget but when it is extrajudicial, when it is extra-official, the attitude is completely different. “This is the context in which Fulani never forgets. It is not in every context. As I said, I lost relations during the war. It doesn’t mean I still hold a grudge. We’ve moved past that.”   Source Kaduna-based Islamic cleric, Sheik Ahmad Gumi, on Sunday said the amnesty he proposed for bandits in the North should be extended to the Fulani involved in kidnappings in the South. Gumi, who stated this in an interview with one of our correspondents, also said the bandits involved in kidnappings were… In "News" "Useful idiot" is a political term which is often used to describe the misguided supporters of an unreasonable, irrespo­nsible, ill-conceived and ill-advised cause. First coined in wes­tern Europe in the late 19th century, the term was made all the more popular by its usage in Mona Ch­aren's excellent book titled… In "Opinion" By Femi Fani-Kayode "We will write this for all to read. Anyone, soldier or not, that kills the Fulani takes a loan repayable one day no matter how long it takes" - Mallam Nasir El Rufai, 2012. I will never forget these words. How I wish that my friend and… In "Opinion"