Gunmen have killed Solomon Adebayo, the Kogi State Pensions Commissioner while traveling along the road in Kogi State. According to the Nigeria Police, Adebayo was killed while traveling to Kabba from Ilorin on Saturday evening. The Kogi State Police Command also said it has commenced search for the whereabouts of the Chairman, Yagba West Local Government Area of the state, Mr Pius Kolawole, who was in the same car with the late Pension Board Commissioner, Mr. Adebayo. The state police spokesperson, William Ayah said the gunmen opened fire on the commissioner’s vehicle along the road, killing him on the spot while severely wounding his driver. The police said an investigation would be carried out to track and arrest those behind the deadly assault. It was however unclear whether the attackers made away with any of the victims’ belongings. The driver, whose name was not immediately disclosed, was taken to ECWA Hospital Egbe alongside others injured in the attack. The killing of Adebayo, Akeweje of Eri Land in Kogi, was being mourned across the state as the news trickled out overnight. Meanwhile, the national leadership of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has described Nigeria as a giant-killing field under the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari. The main opposition made this known in a communique after a meeting at the Akwa Ibom Governor’s Lodge in Abuja. Reading the communique to newsmen, the national chairman of the party, Uche Secondus, decried the current security situation in the country. According to the PDP, the security of lives and property is becoming practically non-existent as Nigeria descends into anarchy. The PDP also condemned the handling of Boko Haram by the Muhammadu Buhari administration. “Terrorism, banditry, kidnapping, cattle rustling, rape, arson, mindless murder of citizens and even security agents are ravaging the land. Criminals have taken complete control of most aspects of our lives unchecked,” secondus said. (Cityvoice) Lokoja - The police on Thursday said that it deployed trackers after the killers of Mrs Lolo Alhassan, the General Manager of the Kogi State Property and Investment Company. The Police Public Relations Officer, Mr Shola Adebayo, made this known in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN)… In "News" Lokoja  -   Three Osun Government officials were on Friday kidnapped by gunmen on the Obajana – Lokoja road in Kogi. The victims were taken into a nearby bush by their abductors, while the official vehicle in which they were traveling was abandoned on the road side. The victims were… In "Top Stories" Apparently concerned about the recent kidnap cases in Kogi State that involved high profile individuals the Inspector General of Police, Solomon Arase, has deployed 350 Police Officers to Kogi State to assist the State Police Command to combat crimes and criminalities in the state. [pro_ad_display_adzone id="70560"] Recall that unknown gunmen… In "News"