ABUJA (Press Release) – The attention of the Nigerian Communications Commission has been drawn to several media publications to the effect that the Commission will require Nigerians to submit the International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI) of their phones to it from July, 2021. At no time did the Commission issue a Statement regarding the registration of IMEI by subscribers and it has no plans to do so. The reports in question have emanated from a section of the Revised National Identity Policy for SIM Card Registration recently launched by President Muhammadu Buhari and which has been uploaded on the Commission’s website. It is pertinent to state that the Commission is in the process of deploying a Device Management System (DMS). The DMS will essentially protect subscribers against phone theft and will identify and enable the elimination of fake devices from the networks. The system will capture IMEI automatically without any requirement for subscribers to submit same. The general public is advised to disregard the said publications, which have created the erroneous impression that telephone subscribers will be required to register their IMEI with their networks. Signed:Dr. Ikechukwu AdindeDirector, Public AffairsMay 21, 2021 The Federal Government has deepened the SIM card registration policy to now include the National Identification Number (NIN) from the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC). A statement made available to Business Hilights weekend from the office of the Technical Assistant (Information Technology) to the Minister of Communications and Digital Economy,… In "News" ABUJA - The Nigerian government has released a new SIM replacement policy for telecom network subscribers whose phones got lost or misplaced or SIM got damaged. The new policy was made public on Friday in a statement jointly signed by Dr. Ikechukwu Adinde, Director, Public Affairs, Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC)… In "Top Stories" The Federal government has ordered the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) to immediately revise the Policy on SIM Card registration and usage. The directive was given by the Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr. Isa Ibrahim Pantami through a statement signed by his Technical Assistant, Information Technology, Dr. Femi Adeluyi… In "News"