 The acting Inspector-General of Police, Usman Baba, has put the commissioners of police in the Federal Capital Territory and Plateau State on the alert over imminent attacks by Boko Haram members.  The alert was contained in a May 19, 2021 circular addressed to the two commissioners of police and signed by the Principal Staff Officer to the IGP, Idowu Owohunwa, an acting CP. He said intelligence report revealed that terrorists are planning to attack Abuja and Jos. The circular with reference number TB: 0900/IGP.SEC/ABJ/VOL.TI/47 was titled ‘Terror elements to expand frontiers of attack.’ A copy of the circular was obtained by our correspondent on Friday. In the circular, the acting IGP directed the commissioners of police to review their security architecture and beef up security around government facilities particularly in Abuja and Jos. The circular read, “Intelligence report at the disposal of the Inspector-General of Police has uncovered plans by Boko Haram terrorists to attack major cities in the country, particularly in Jos, Plateau and the FCT, Abuja. “The proposed attacks would be coordinated by the duo of Muhammad Sani, a Boko Haram commander, domiciled in Sambisa Forest and his deputy, Suleiman, hibernating around Lawan Musa Zango, Gashua, Yobe State. “In light of the above, it is the directive of the Inspector-General of Police that you review your security architecture across all critical government infrastructures and police facilities in your jurisdiction with a view to checkmating the dastardly plans of this marauding terrorists.  PUNCH  By Joseph Edeh   Abuja     -        The Nigeria Police Force said it has arrested a suspected Boko Haram terrorists leader, Umar Abdulmalik and seven other members responsible for the Nyanya and Kuje bombings in 2015. Other suspects are: Abubakar Sidi, 29, Yusuf Abdulazeez 31, a.k.a fine boy, Suleman Zakariya, 24,… In "News" TROOPS swiftly regained a military base from combined forces of Islamic State of West Africa Province (ISWAP) and Boko Haram at the weekend. The terrorists’ wielding machine-guns mounted on trucks, seized Marte – a town 93 kilometres from Maiduguri, the Borno State capital – and the military base there on… In "News" By Molly Kilete, Abuja ABUJA - Following the bloody protest carried out in Abuja on Tuesday by the Shi’ites Islamic sect, the Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has ordered 24-hour police surveillance of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) and its environs to prevent violent attacks on policemen by the… In "Top Stories"