Tyrick Mitchell scored his first professional goal as Crystal Palace came from behind twice to beat Aston Villa and damage their hopes of achieving a Premier League top-half finish.  In an engrossing encounter that belied its ‘dead rubber’ status, both sides contributed energetic displays full of attacking intent, with Palace rewarded for a superb second-half showing. Trailing 2-1 from the 34th minute, Palace battered at the door after the break until the visitors’ resistance was finally broken at Selhurst Park. With 15 minutes left, Wilfried Zaha produced a driving run before cutting inside and firing a fierce shot that deflected into the net off Villa defender Ahmed Elmohamady. Read Also; Wilfred Ndidi, Iheanacho, other Nigerians who lifted English #FA CupThen, with six minutes to go, Mitchell found himself in the perfect spot after a fluffed Eberechi Eze cross to bundle the ball home with his shoulder. Palace had already come back into the game once, Christian Benteke heading in against his former club following John McGinn’s well-taken opener. Anwar El Ghazi lashed in at the back post to restore Villa’s lead – a goal that looked like being the winner until Palace’s late rally. Villa remain 11th, four points behind 10th-placed Leeds with two games to play. Already safe from relegation, the win took Palace to 44 points – with a chance of hitting the 50-point mark for the first time in the Premier season. On a more positive note for Villa and potentially England, Jack Grealish made a second successive appearance from the bench following injury to provide further evidence of his improving fitness before this summer’s European Championships.  Source Manchester (UK) - Three second-half goals ensured Manchester City climbed back into second place behind leaders Liverpool in the Premier League after a 3-0 victory over Aston Villa at the Etihad Stadium on Saturday. City struggled to get going in the first half, with Villa having several chances to break… In "Sports" Birmingham (UK) - Second half goals from Christian Pulisic and Olivier Giroud secured for Chelsea a 2-1 comeback win at relegation-threatened Aston Villa in the English Premier League (EPL) on Sunday. The victory boosted Chelsea’s hopes of securing UEFA Champions League football next season. The result left them fourth on… In "Sports" SkySports- Christian Benteke's first-half double helped Aston Villa boost their chances of Premier League survival with a 3-2 home win over Everton. Benteke's 10th-minute header gave Villa the lead on Saturday, before the Belgian scored his 12th goal in 11 games with a far-post finish before the break. Everton halved… In "Sports"