Scores of people are feared dead following a deadly attack by gunmen on a vigilante office in Ozubulu, Ekwusigo Local Government Area of Anambra State, on Sunday evening. Information reaching News Express has it that the gunmen operating in motorcycle stormed the Ozubulu Vigilante Office, killing the security personnel there before setting their vehicles, motorcycles and the building on fire. It was also gathered that the brother of the owner of Benjars Petrol Station was shot in the head while trying to get fuel from his late brother’s nearby petrol station. An eyewitness said that the President General of Ozubulu Development Union, Ambassador Peter Uzokwe, who was billed to address men and women of the vigilante service, escaped by the whiskers after the hoodlums double-crossed his vehicle at about 6pm. The eyewitness said: “The attackers double-crossed his car and started shooting sporadically. “After the attack, the gunmen reportedly went to the office of the vigilante and burnt it down, destroying vehicles and motorcycles.” Information has it that army has taken over the town to ensure adequate security. (News Express) Two policemen were feared dead when unknown gunmen attacked Obosi Police Station in Idemili North local government area of Anambra State in the early hours of Thursday. The incident happened barely a few hours after a newly deployed Commissioner of Police, Mr Chris Owolabi, assumed duty in the state. The… In "News" By Polycarp Auta Jos   -     The President, Catholic Bishops Conference of Nigeria (CBCN), Most Rev. Ignatius Kaigama, has condemned Sunday’s killings at a catholic church in Ozubulu, Anambra, describing it as “inhuman” and “barbaric”. Kaigama, who is the Catholic Archbishop of Jos, made the condemnation in a statement on Tuesday in… In "News" By Emmanuel Acha Nnewi   -     Nigeria’s Minister of Foreign Affairs, Geoffrey Onyeama says the Federal Government is prepared to give victims of the Ozubulu attack the best possible medical treatment wherever it is available. Onyeama disclosed this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN)… In "News"