As many as six persons died in an early morning crash on Tuesday around Ajede Ogbere between Ijebu Ode and Ore on the Sagamu-Benin Expressway, according to The PUNCH.  The Sector Commander, Federal Road Safety Corps in Ogun State, Mr Ahmed Umar, confirmed the crash, which he said involved three vehicles. The sector commander said the accident involved a Mazda bus with number plate JJJ 862 XV, a Toyota Sienna with number plate KRD 306 BJ and a Mercedes Benz luxury bus with number plate AGL 05 XZ. According to Umar, the accident occurred around 12.01am and was caused by wrongful overtaking, excessive speed and loss of control on the part of the driver of the luxury bus. He added that 39 persons were involved in the accident comprising 25 male adults and 14 female adults, while five men and one woman were recorded as dead. Umar stated, “The suspected causes of the multiple crashes were wrongful overtaking and excessive speed on the part of the luxury bus driver, which led to loss of control. “The luxury bus hit the incoming Sienna and the Mazda bus. “Immediately, the bus driver ran away, because all the occupants of the Sienna vehicle lost their lives, while those in the Mazda bus sustained injuries.” Umar explained that the corpses of the deceased were deposited in the morgue of the General Hospital, Ijebu Ode. He added that the four persons injured were taken to same hospital for medical attention. The FRSC boss described the crash as avoidable and advised motorists to avoid excessive speed, dangerous driving and also obey traffic rules and regulations. The sector commander commiserated with the families of the victims and enjoined them to contact the FRSC command in Ogbere for details of the crash and reclaim the personal effects of the victims, which were recovered from the scene of the crash.  Source By Abiodun Lawal Abeokuta - No fewer than nine persons were confirmed dead on Saturday while 12 others sustained various degrees of injuries in a separate accidents around Ijebu Ife axis on Sagamu – Ijebu -Ode – Benin  expressway. Mr Clement Oladele,  Sector Commander,  Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) in… In "Metro" By Abiodun LawalAbeokuta - Two persons were confirmed dead in separate accidents on the Lagos-Ibadan expressway in Ogun on Eid-el- Fitri day. Mr Clement Oladele,  the Sector Commander of the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) in Ogun, confirmed the incident to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abeokuta on… In "News" By Ige Adekunle Sango-Ota(Ogun) - The Ogun Command of the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), says two persons died while nine others sustained various degrees of injury after a multiple accident along Isara area, Lagos-Ibadan expressway.Mr Clement Oladele, the state’s Sector Commandant of the Corp disclosed this while speaking with… In "Metro"