To All Progressives Congress (APC) National Leader Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, all hands must be on deck to preserve Nigeria’s unity.  He spoke in the company of APC Interim Chairman Chief Bisi Akande, former Ogun State Governor Olusegun Osoba; one-time Chief of Defence Stass (CDS) Gen. Alani Akinrinade and Chief Pius Akinyelure after a visit to the State House in Abuja on Monday. The Southwest leaders were on mission to commiserate with President Muhammadu Buhari over the death of Chief of Army Staff (COAS) Lt. Gen. Ibrahim Attahiru and ten others. Speaking to Nigerian Television Authority (NTA) reporter attached to the State House, Tinubu re-restated his position on secession calls by some groups, saying he is for a united Nigeria. According to him, Nigeria is a nation and in his opinion, it should be preserved that way; as a productive, peaceful and united nation. The former Lagos governor said: “We have already made our position clear; that we want a one, united, peaceful, stable country, productive and promising. Nigeria is not just a rat village, it’s a nation and we want to keep it as one.” Speaking on his mission to the State House Tinubu said the Southwest leaders came to commiserate with President Buhari over the air crash, which claimed Lt. Gen. Attahiru’s life and other military officers and men: “It’s a national loss, it’s demoralising, it’s disheartening, it’s sad, and to rub minds with him too, to see commitment to humanity,” he said.  Source •Late Chief of Army Staff, Lieutenant General Ibrahim Attahiru ABUJA - More than 24 hours after the death of the Chief of Army Chief, Lt. General Ibrahim Attahiru and other military officers in a plane crash, the Presidency is yet to name a replacement as the nation mourns the departed… In "Top Stories" Officers and men of the Nigerian Armed Forces have been urged to maintain the high spirit and not allow the death of the Chief of Army Staff (COAS), Ibrahim Attahiru and 10 other military personnel to affect the morale. Chief of Defence Staff General Lucky Irabor, who spoke yesterday, said… In "News" Ahmed Bola Tinubu is arguably the self-proclaimed leader of the Yoruba in Nigerian politics. It couldn’t be more obvious than during the 2015 presidential election when he got many Yoruba to vote for President Muhammadu Buhari. Buhari so literally worshipped him that had Tinubu sneezed, Buhari would have easily caught… In "Opinion"