Kaduna Governor Nasir El-Rufai and the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) are gearing up for a showdown following a directive by the labour union to all its affiliates to join the five-day warning strike.  The Nation reports the warning strike, which starts by midnight on Sunday, is in protest against mass disengagement and other alleged anti-labour policies of the state government. But the government insisted the mass disengagement of workers was in the interest of the larger population in the state. El-Rufai, in a terse tweet on Sunday, while responding to a post made by @PDPVanguard – a platform dedicated for the Peoples Democratic Party(PDP), chided NLC over failure to implement the National Minimum Wage Act, 2019 for its employees. “Mother of all Labour strikes: The tyrannical @elrufai’s led govt threatens to arrest NCL President, Comrade Wabara.” El-Rufai via his handle @elrufai responded: “FATHERS OF ALL HYPOCRITES: Kaduna will wait for you all – the invisible PDP & affiliates like the hypocritical NLC that is yet to implement the National Minimum Wage Act, 2019 for its own employees.” The Nation learnt President of the NLC, Comrade Ayuba Wabba and other Labour leaders are expected in Kaduna to ensure full enforcement of the industrial action scheduled to take effect by midnight.  Source •NLC President Ayuba Wabba leading out workers on a protest By JOAN NWAGWU The Nigeria Labour Congress says it will withdraw services from both public and private organisations in Kaduna State for five days to protest mass sack of workers by the state government. The NLC President, Mr Ayuba Wabba… In "News" The organised labour has again criticised political office holders over a bill which seeks remove minimum wage negotiations from the exclusive legislative list to the concurrent legislative list. The National President of the Nigeria Labour Congress, Ayuba Wabba, during a meeting between the House of Representatives leadership and labour leaders… In "Features" Kaduna State Governor and candidate of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) in Saturday’s gubernatorial election, Alhaji Mukhtar Ramalan Yero has conceded defeat to his opponent, Malam Nasir Ahmad El-Rufai of All Progressives Congress (APC). Governor Yero called El-Rufai at exactly 3:00pm on Sunday, even when results from four local government… In "News"