Deji Adeyanju, Co-Convener of the Concerned Nigerians Group has call for the arrest of Sheikh Gumi.  He made the call while insinuating that the President Muhammadu Buhari-led administration is supporting bandits. He also added that Buhari should be held responsible for the upsurge in security issues in the country. Adeyanju, in a tweet via his Twitter account on Friday, wondered why Sheik Gumi who is always soliciting and asking for ransom for bandits is yet to be appended by the Buhari- led government. According to him, the government would have put in much effort to bring an end to the constant kidnappings and killings carried out on innocent citizens by this bandits. He also wondered if Gumi had a cut in the transactions being made from kidnappings and why he was yet to be behind bars. “What I can never understand is Gumi’s desperation for these terrorists to be paid always. “Does he have a cut in these transactions? And it appears Gumi is working for some people in Govt, if not why tolerating all these stuffs? “I’m yet to understand why the President of the Federal republic of Nigeria finding it hard to put Gumi and his cohorts behind bars if he isn’t a participator or a supporter to the crimes and ill-happenings in the country,” he said. Recall that the controversial Islamic cleric, Gumi, had advised the Kaduna State government to pay ransom for the release of abducted Greenfield students. Gumi speaking on Kaduna Governor’s insistence not to negotiate, said no money is too big to save the lives of students. He urged Governor Nasir El-Rufai’s to pay the 100 million ransom requested from the abductors then go after them as well as retrieve the ransom after the students are saved.  Source President Muhammadu Buhari has been called upon to arrest popular Islamic cleric, Sheikh Gumi. The Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council Worldwide, OYC made the call, saying Sheikh Gumi should be arrested to explain what he knows about banditry in the Northern part of the country. Gumi is believed to have drawn… In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - Former aviation minister, Chief Femi Fani-Kayode, has called for the immediate arrest and interrogation of Islamic cleric, Sheik Ahmad Gumi. Fani-Kayode made the call in a statement he sent to Sundiata Post on Wednesday. He was reacting to the revelation by one of the parents of… In "News" The Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom, on Wednesday formally presented to the Inspector-General of Police, Mohammed Adamu, a petition on Saturday’s assassination attempt on him. The PUNCH learnt that the governor presented the petition to the police boss at an early morning meeting the two of them had in Abuja.… In "News"