The Academic Staff Union of Polytechnics (ASUP) has said the only time it will end its ongoing nationwide strike is if the government meets its demands.  The ASUP National President, Mr Anderson Ezeibe, made the union’s position known on Friday at an emergency congress held at the Federal Polytechnic, Auchi in Edo, NAN reports. Ezeibe commended members of the union for complying with the strike directive, saying it would continue until the achievement of its aims. “Our members should continue to believe in the union the way they have been doing, we have very supportive members as you can see; the strike is in full swing. “Every polytechnic is observing the strike and compliance level is very high, we will continue to persevere, victory is around the corner. “It is true that the government has started doing something. “The one that has been done is the issue of governing councils that have been reconstituted and the visitation panels that have been set up. “Offers have been made for the payment of arrears of minimum wage and the N15 billion infrastructure revitalisation fund; they are still at the level of offer because the funds have not been released. “We want to see the funds released for the sector and we want to see some other items that require processes to be put in motion. “If we are able to get to that point, I am sure our national executive committee will take a second look at the strike,’’ he said. Recall that ASUP had on April 6 embarked on a nationwide strike. Among the demands of the union is the implementation of the 2010 agreement between the union and the Federal government on the payment of salaries and arrears of the new minimum wage in some state-owned polytechnics.  Source There are indications that the Academic Staff Union of Polytechnics, ASUP, may call off its 10-day old strike next week. The Union has been able to meet with the Minister of Education and from what transpired in the meeting, it was a fruitful discussion. At the moment , process is… In "Education" By Mohammed Ahmed Kaigama   Bauchi -  Mr Bala Mohammed, the Chairman, Academic Staff Union of Polytechnics (ASUP) Abubakar Tatari-Ali Polytechnic, Bauchi, says lecturers of the polytechnic will not participate in the seven days warning strike declared by Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC). Mohammed said this on Wednesday at a news… In "News" LAGOS - The National Executive Council of the Academic Staff Union of Polytechnics (ASUP) has resolved to continue its  nine months old strike pending the outcome its meeting with the Senate Committee on Education on July 1. Mr Chibuzor Asumogha, the President of the union, made the statement in an… In "News"