SOKOTO – Bandits have killed 19 vigilantes in Yartsakuwa village of Rabah Local Government Area of Sokoto State. A resident of the area, who spoke to Daily Trust on phone, said the vigilantes were killed while trying to repel an attack on the community. The resident, who sought for anonymity, said the bandits attacked the village around 1 pm on Sunday. “They came with a mission which was to kill one of the leaders of the vigilantes in the area,” he said. The leader (name withheld) was said to have butchered by the assailants at his farmland. Corroborating this, the counselor representing Ghandi A, Aminu Mu’azu Ghandi, said 14 of the vigilantes were from Ghandi while the remaining five were from other communities under Ghandi district. He said another five persons who were seriously injured were currently receiving treatment in the hospital. He added that the bandits rustled yet to be ascertained number of cattle in the area. The Police Public Relations Officer in Sokoto State, ASP Sanusi Abubakar, while confirming the attack, said only 10 vigilantes were killed. According to him, the bandits wanted to invade Yartsakuwa village but were repelled by the police. He said that apart from the vigilantes, no single resident of the community was killed. He advised vigilantes to always wait for the police before responding to any attack. (Daily Trust) By Habibu Harisu   Sokoto   -     Sokoto State Police Command on Monday confirmed eight deaths in a clash that ensued between armed bandits and local vigilante members in Isa Local Government Area of Sokoto State. The Command’s Public Relations Officer, DSP Cordelia Nwawe, told newsmen that at… In "News" By Habibu Harisu Goronyo (Sokoto state) - Gov. Aminu Tambuwal of Sokoto State on Friday cautioned local vigilantes against harrassment and killing of innocent Fulani over bandits attacks in the state. The governor gave the warning while commiserating with families of the 29 people killed by bandits in Kamitau, Malafaru… In "News" Kidnappers and gunmen have sustained attacks in different parts of the country abducting 75 persons and killing 18 others. In Niger State, no fewer than 50 persons were abducted in the early hours of Thursday when bandits attacked Bassa community in the Shiroro Local Government Area of the state. Nine… In "News"