By Chibuike Nwabuko  According to the statement signed by the Director (Press & PR), Anastasia Ogbonna, the Minister disclosed this when the Belgium Ambassador to Nigeria paid him a courtesy visit in Abuja Today. He said “the Crisis in the Maritime Sector is the maritime Insecurity and its more complex than the world knows” but the Federal Government has come up with a solution and it is ready to take off. The Navy, Police, Army and State Security Service are involved. According to the Minister, if it is successful, in the near future there will be improvement in the Maritime security, then other countries in the Gulf of the Guinea can adopt it, adding that “75% or 65% of crime comes from our water and if we are able to eliminate it then we will be making a lot of progress”. “If you are in the air, you see what is happening in the water, you are inside the water, you will be able to respond, the helicopter has the capacity to drop in the Naval men when they see anything suspicious”, He said. Speaking further, he stated that he will be glad to partner and share information with anyone who wants information for the purpose of securing the Gulf of the Guinea. Earlier, the Belgium Ambassador to Nigeria, Daniel Bertrand officially presented a letter to the Minister requesting for the support of the Nigerian government for the Belgium candidate for the position at the International Maritime Organization. Bertrand also mentioned that they have observed with keen interest what is happening in the Gulf of Guinea and would like to be of assistance and give support to the implementation of the maritime security in the Gulf of Guinea.  • Explains Why Secure Anchorage Was Stopped• Dakuku Says 80% of Deep Blue Assets Ready by June In an effort to comprehensively tackle insecurity on Nigeria’s territorial waters and exclusive economic zone, the Federal Government says it is set to deploy its integrated maritime security infrastructure. The Minister of Transportation,… In "NIMASA & Maritime" · Defence Minister, Amaechi, CNS inspect Deep Blue Project facilities · Buhari fulfilling long national dream – transport minister · It’s a new dawn for maritime – Jamoh As Nigeria gets set to deploy maritime security assets acquired under the Integrated National Security and Waterways Protection Infrastructure, members of the… In "NIMASA & Maritime" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Minister of Transportation, Rt Hon Chibuike Rotimi Amaechi has hailed President Muhammadu Buhari’s strides in the transportation sector as key to unlocking Nigeria’s economic development potentials. Amaechi said, linking different transportation infrastructure like rails to seaports and roads as is being done by… In "News"