The Edo Government has begun desilting of drainages across the state to prevent flooding as the rains set in, Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Environment, Lucky Wasa, has said.  Wasa told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Benin on Tuesday that residents were also being sensitised as part of efforts to prevent flooding. He said that government would collaborate with relevant stakeholders, especially local council areas in this regard. “We are quite aware of the warning that has been given as regards the states that will likely experience flooding in 2021. ‘’We are working to prevent and mitigate the impact it will have on our people. “We have started massive desilting of drains across the state and we are going to carry out this action across the 18 local government areas. “We are working in concert with the council areas, focusing on the councils that are prone to flooding in the state,’’ Wasa explained. The permanent secretary said that people in affected areas had been advised to move to higher grounds. NAN reports that the Nigeria Meteorological Agency had predicted that 28 states would experience substantial flooding in 2021.  (NAN) By Mujidat Oyewole Ilorin - The Kwara Ministry of Environment and Forestry has warned residents against indiscriminate refuse dump to prevent flood. The government said such acts ,could cause blockage of roads, environmental health hazards and destruction of properties. The state Commissioner for Environment, Mr Aliyu Sherifdeen, gave the advice… In "News" Lagos -The Lagos State Deputy Governor, Dr Idiat Adebule on Saturday urged residents to desist from dumping refuse in canals and drainage systems around the state to prevent flooding. Adebule made the plea when she led some top government officials of the State to monitor the monthly environmental sanitation exercise… In "News" By Bosede Olufunmi Kano - Kano State Government says it has paid a counterpart fund of N500 million to the Nigerian Erosion and Watershed Management Project (NEWMAP) for erosion control in some parts of the state. This was contained in a statement signed and issued to newsmen in Kano on… In "News"