The leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) Nnamdi Kanu might have taken his agitation for a Biafra nation to another level as he is said to have hired an American firm with a whooping sum of US$750,000  (N300,000,000) three hundred million naira in our local currency to lobby the US government to win their support. According to a reliable source the deal is supposed to last for one-year. Kanu personally signed the deal with the BW Global Group (BWGG LLC), co-owned by Jeffrey Birrel and Alan White, and is registered in Washington D.C, the U.S. capital in February,. The firm is said to have top government officials, lawmakers and opinion leaders that the proscribed Igbo group is exploiting to achieve its aim. The agreement we gathered actually  commenced  from March 1, 2021. However, confirming the report, Media and Publicity Secretary of IPOB, Emma Powerful in a statement to that effect said  “Yes, it’s true we hired another lobbying group in USA to facilitate the coming and recognition of Biafra independence. We engaged them with the wholesome amount of 300m naira about 750,000 dollars to lobby for Biafra freedom in America and the whole world.” (Daily Sun) •President Muhammadu Buhari and IPOB leader, Nnamdi Kanu ABUJA - The leader of the outlawed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, declared on Monday that every kobo contributed by members of the group worldwide was being invested into “dismantling Nigeria and restoring the state of Biafra.” Kanu was… In "News" •Nnamdi Kanu ABUJA - The Indigenous People of Biafra on Saturday commended the leadership of the Republican Party in Iowa, United States, for inviting its leader, Nnamdi Kanu, to President Donald Trump’s campaign rally at Des Moines Iowa. The group claimed that Kanu was a special guest at the rally… In "Top Stories" The federal government has been called out for trying to create disunity among Ndigbo. According to the Indigenous People of Biafra, the federal government created a fake Igbo group and used it to call for the repatriation of its leader, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu. Recall that there were reports that an… In "News"