By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – President Muhammadu Buhari on Sunday spoke with the wife of the late Chief of Army Staff (COAS), Mrs Fati Ibrahim Attahiru, saying late Army Chief was an outstanding soldier and an institution builder. The President who also opokr with the spouses of the other deceased officers (through her) and consoled them over the death of their loved ones. In the telephone conversation with Mrs Attahiru, the president hailed the sacrifices of the military men who lost their lives and the Armed Forces in general. He said Nigerians would continue to ”appreciate and support the fearlessness with which our courageous soldiers are confronting the threats facing the nation”. He described Attahiru as an outstanding soldier and an institution builder, who fought valiantly for Nigeria until he breathed his last. The president gave the grieving families assurances that the nation would never forget the supreme sacrifice of their spouses. He urged them to take solace in the surge of extraordinary feelings of emotions across regions, religions and tribes all over the country in appreciation of their sacrifices. The president had earlier given directives to the Defence Headquarters and the Ministry of Defence to do everything a government could do to provide comfort and ease the hardships of the families of the deceased. He prayed to almighty God to repose their souls and grant their families the fortitude to bear the losses. Mrs Attahiru, on behalf of the rest of the families, thanked the president for the love and care he has shown to them. Recall that the late Attahiru and 10 other officers died in a plane crash in Kaduna on Friday evening.(NAN) By Johnson Eyiangho and Ahmed Ubandoma Abuja -  The Chief of Army of Staff, Lt.-Gen. Tukur Buratai, wept on Monday as he read the funeral oration at the graveside of the seven military men killed by the Boko Haram terrorists. They are: late Lt.-Col. Muhammad Abu-Ali, Seargents Muazu Ibrahim, Bassey… In "Top Stories" The absence of President Muhammadu Buhari and his Vice Yemi Osinbajo at the funeral ceremony of Late Chief of Army Staff, Lt. Gen. Ibrahim Attahiru, has drawn the ire of Nigerians. Many Nigerians, who condemned the action, described it as ‘lack of empathy.’ Others criticised some Governors, Ministers and lawmakers… In "Features" •Late Ibrahim Attahiru By sumaila Ogbaje ABUJA - Immediate past Chief of Army Staff and ambassador designate, retired Lt.-Gen. Tukur Buratai, says the late Chief of Army Staff was at the verge of making the nation proud before his tragic end. Buratai in his tribute to late Lt.-Gen. Ibrahim Attahiru,… In "News"