It has been revealed that Governor Nasir El-Rufai lied when he said that the oxygen mask of a child was disconnected by protesting workers at Barau Dikko Hospital.  According to PeoplesGazette, one of the parents told NTA that the baby was hale and hearty. “Even then, the oxygen was not in her mouth because they said she was stable at that moment. We were the ones that emphasised that we have to carry our baby to another hospital,” the father said. Mr El-Rufai’s government on Tuesday said it had forwarded names of three nurses involved in the purported oxygen mask removal to the Ministry of Justice. Labour unions in the state on Monday began a five-day warning strike over the mass sacking of local government workers. Commercial banks, transporters, traders, petrol station attendants, and others also withdrew their services to join the protest. Major parts of Kaduna are experiencing a power outage due to the strike. Airports have also been grounded, with hospitals, schools, and other sectors on lockdown. The governor on Tuesday declared the president of the Nigeria Labour Congress Ayuba Wabba and other executives wanted for alleged economic sabotage. Mr El-Rufai also ordered the Ministry of Health to compile names of nurses below grade level 14 participating in the ongoing strike for dismissal.   Source Kaduna State Governor, Nasir El-Rufai, has sacked all nurses below grade level 14 in the state for embarking on strike in solidarity with the Nigeria Labour Congress. The governor directed the Ministry of Health in the state to immediately advertise vacancies for the replacement of the dismissed nurses. Kaduna State… In "News" The President of Nigeria Labour Congress, Ayuba Wabba, has faulted Kaduna State Governor, Nasir El-Rufai, for describing workers as ‘micro minority’. While appearing as a guest on Channels TV’s Sunrise Daily, Wabba accused governors of paying illegitimate salaries to political appointees. El-Rufai, had on Monday, April 12, made known his… In "News" The Coalition of Northern Groups has warned the Governor of Kaduna State, Nasir El-Rufai, against abusing the rights of members of the Nigeria Labour Congress. It also expressed solidarity with the NLC in the ongoing strike to checkmate what it called the state government’s growing excesses and abuse of privilege.… In "News"