Abuja –  Governors on the platform of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) will any moment from now begin a meeting in Ibadan, the Oyo state Capital. The meeting is to take place at the conference hall of the International Institute of Tropical Agriculture (IITA). It was gathered that the Governors are expected to deliberate on issues affecting the country, particularly insecurity, governance, restructuring, among others. Although, the governors are yet to arrive the IITA venue of the meeting as at the time of filing this report, it was gathered that the visitors were hosted to a dinner by the host governor Seyi Makinde at the Government House, Ibadan on Sunday. Unconfirmed source said the National Chairman of the party Chief Uche Secondus might present a keynote speech at the meeting. The information however could not be confirmed as at the time of this report. The 15 PDP governors across the country expected at the meeting include: Dr. Okezie Ikpeazu (Abia), Ahmadu Umaru Fintiri (Adamawa), Mr. Udom Emmanuel (Akwa Ibom), Senator Bala Muhammed (Bauchi) and Senator Duoye Diri (Bayelsa). Others are Dr. Samuel Ortom (Benue), Senator Benedict Ayade (Cross Rivers), Dr. Ifeanyi Okowa (Delta), Dr. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi (Enugu), Mr. Godwin Obaseki (Edo) and Seyi Makinde (Oyo) The list also include: Nyesom Wike (Rivers), Aminu Waziri Tambuwal (Sokoto), Darius Ishaku (Taraba) and Dr. Bello Matawalle (Zamfara). After two months of intrigues, more members of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Oyo State have embraced the reconciliation efforts of the committee led by former Governor Adebayo Alao-Akala. The Nation gathered that the former governor will be part of a collegiate leadership that will eventually evolve for the… In "Politics" ABAKALIKI - Not less than eight lawmakers out of the 24 members of the Ebonyi State House of Assembly have refused to decamp from the Peoples Democratic Party to the All Progressives Congress (APC).   This came barely 48 hours after the news of the state governor, David Umahi… In "Politics" Finance Minister Lauds IITA, AfDB For Agric Programmes In "Business"