The Nigerian Army has disclosed that the suspect arrested for allegedly kidnaping and murdering his neighbour’s child in Kaduna was a dismissed soldier.  The Army in a statement, signed by Brig. Gen Mohammed Yerima, Director Army Public Relations, said its attention was drawn to a video which has gone viral on the social media alleging that a soldier, Lance Corporal Adamu Galadima, was involved in an alleged case of kidnap and murder of his neighbour’s child after collecting the sum of N5m as ransom. “The Nigerian Army wishes to state that the information contained in the video is not true.” “Contrary to the claim, Lance Corporal Adamu Galadima was duly dismissed from the Nigerian Army in 2013 after a General Court Marshal that held in Kaduna had found him guilty.” “His last unit was 2 Provost Group where he was involved in a case of attempted murder leading to his arrest and prosecution before the General Court Marshal in Kaduna.” “After his dismissal, Adamu found his way to Kaduna State Environmental Services where he secured a job as a cleaner.” “He is therefore, not a personnel of Nigerian Army as at April 2021 when he committed the alleged crime.” “The Nigerian Army remains a disciplined organisation that will not condone any unprofessional conduct on the part of its officers and soldiers.” “The general public is therefore urged to ignore the misleading story currently being shared in the social media.’ Source ABUJA - The House of Representatives has begun the process to rescue a soldier, Lance Corporal Martins Idakpein, who was detained for criticising the service chiefs over the rising spate of insecurity in Nigeria. At the plenary on Thursday, the minority leader, Ndudi Elumelu, moved a motion to call for… In "News" Support have started coming for the soldier who took out time to make a damning video criticising Chief of Army Staff (COS) Tukur Buratai and Chief of Defence Staff, Abayomi Olanisakin with former deputy national publicity secretary of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Timi Frank, joining in the fray. The… In "News" A Nigerian soldier has been dismissed and arraigned for killing a motorcyclist in Abia state.   The Nigeria Police Force on Wednesday arraigned in court a former Army officer that reportedly killed a motorcyclist in Obingwa, Abia State, a report by Punch has revealed. The now dismissed former Corporal Johnson Ajayi is… In "Metro"