By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Peoples Democratic Party is alarmed by the invasion of Aso Presidential Villa by bandits and armed robbers, saying the development further points to the collapse of security command structure under President Muhammadu Buhari’s incompetent watch. The party maintained that the reported bandit assault on the residence of the Chief of Staff to Mr. President, Prof. Ibrahim Gambari, within the precinct of the Presidential villa, is too close to home and has heightened apprehensions over the capacity of the Muhammadu Buhari Presidency to secure the nation. The party stated this in a statement signed by the National Publicity Secretary, Kola Ologbondiyan released via it’s twitter handle. The Peoples Democratic Party said it’s alarmed by the invasion of Aso Presidential Villa by bandits and armed robbers, saying the development further points to the collapse of security command structure under President Muhammadu Buhari’s incompetent watch. All over the world, the Presidential Villa, as the seat of power and national sovereignty, is the fortress of the nation that ought to have impregnable security. As such, any breach of security, particularly by outlaws and in sequence, sends a clear danger signal to the overall security of the nation. It is imperative to state that such security infraction, that gave way for outlaws to invade the Presidential villa in sequence, inspite of its perceptibly secured ambience, can only happen under an absentee President, who have not demonstrated the required capacity expected of his office. The PDP also recalls the security breaches in June last year, involving shooting, violent combats, raids and free use of firearms within the precinct of the Presidential Villa, arising from a bitter squabble between members of President Muhammadu Buhari’s family and some security aides. Our party is worried that if President Buhari cannot guarantee the security of the Presidential villa, then his capacity to secure the entire country is no longer assured. The PDP therefore urges President Muhammadu Buhari to wake up from slumber, review his security architecture and take decisive steps, beyond his lethargic body language, to secure our nation. The Peoples Democratic Party has attacked President Muhammadu Buhari over an attempted robbery incident at the Aso Rock. The party says the robbery attack on Monday shows that the President Muhammadu Buhari lacked the capacity to secure Nigeria. The opposition party said this in a press statement on Tuesday titled,… In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Peoples Democratic Party has said that the latest exploits by the U.S and Chadian Predident on our soil only go to show that the bandits, vandals, kidnappers, insurgents are not invincible but have been allowed to take hold of our nation due… In "Top Stories" •Kaduna protest ABUJA (SundiataPost) - The main opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has questioned the arrest, by the All Progressives Congress (APC) government, of organisers of a peaceful protest against the unchecked mass killing by bandits and insurgents in Katsina State and other parts of the country, particularly in the… In "Politics"