By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  The Minister of Sports and Youth Development, Sunday Dare has debunked the news making rounds that the NYSC scheme will be scrapped. Dare who stated the federal government’s position has assured that the NYSC scheme remains one of the greatest tools for National development for our youth and as such, the commitment of the government to sustaining the NYSC scheme remains. The minister added that dynamic reforms and initiatives towards current realities are ongoing and that Nigeria will stand with her youth. The Sports Minister made this clarification via his twitter handle as the Bill to scrap NYSC is at second reading in House of Representatives. Recall that some Online media yesterday reported that following calls for the discontinuation of the National Youth Service Corps, NYSC, the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria Alteration Bill, 2020, which is seeking to repeal the NYSC Act, has been billed for the second reading in the House of Representatives. The sponsor, Mr Awaji-Inombek Abiante, in the explanatory memorandum of the proposal, rolled out the various reasons the NYSC should be scrapped. The statement read partly; “This bill seeks to repeal Section 315(5)(a) of the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, 1999, (as amended) on the following grounds: “Incessant killing of innocent corps members in some parts of the country due to banditry, religious extremism and ethnic violence; incessant kidnapping of innocent corps members across the country; “Public and private agencies/departments are no longer recruiting able and qualified Nigerian youths, thus relying heavily on the availability of corps members who are not being well remunerated and get discarded with impunity at the end of their service year without any hope of being gainfully employed; “Due to insecurity across the country, the National Youth Service Corps management now gives considerations to posting corps members to their geopolitical zone, thus defeating one of the objectives of setting up the service corps, i.e. developing common ties among the Nigerian youths and promote national unity and integration. The minister who reacted via his twitter handle account said: Sunday Dare, the Minister of Youths and Sports Development, has dismissed reports claiming the NYSC scheme is set to be scrapped. Two days ago, it was widely speculated that the one-year mandatory scheme for all graduates will be scrapped following the second reading of a bill in the House of… In "News" By Aderogba George Abuja - The Federal Government has called on sports clubs, federations and corporate organisations to beam their searchlights on the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) scheme for talents. Mr Sunday Dare, Minister of Youths and Sports, made the call on Saturday at the closing ceremony of the… In "News" Abuja - The Minister of Federal Capital Territory (FCT), Malam Muhammad Bello, on Tuesday, restated commitment to the welfare of members of the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) in the FCT. He gave the assurance in Abuja at the opening ceremony of the 2019 NYSC Sports and Cultural Festival with… In "News"