The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) says it is still assessing the extent of damage on its State Office in Anambra after some hoodlums set the facility ablaze on Sunday.  Dr Nkwachukwu Orji, the Resident Electoral Commissioner (REC) in the state, told newsmen in Awka on Monday that he could not speak with certainty for now on the extent of damage done to the facility. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the INEC state office was attacked by armed men at about 8.30 p.m. on Sunday. Orji, however, confirmed that the Collation Centre and store block were razed down. He also confirmed that six operational vehicles were burnt by the attackers, while the administrative block remains intact. “I cannot address you now. I need to fix things first but you can see everything here for yourselves. “Our Collation Centre was burnt, part of our store and about six operational vehicles were also burnt. “We don’t know the level of damage yet, that is why I say you should give us time. It is not a major damage. Thank God, the police did a good job,’’ he said. On the governorship election in the state scheduled for Nov. 6, Orji said that he would not comment on it because he was not in a position to do that. “I can’t speak on that (election), the commission will assess it (the situation) and decide on that.’’ NAN reports that the Commissioner of Police in Anambra, Mr Chris Owolabi, confirmed the attack but added that the arsonists were successfully repelled. Owolabi said that the hoodlums had attacked the nearby B Division of the Nigeria Police, where they were fiercely resisted. He said that the hoodlums managed to set the charge room on fire with Improvised Explosive Device (IED). He said that three vehicles used by the hoodlums for the attack were intercepted while nine rifles, ammunition and other items were recovered from them.  (NAN) Barely one week after the headquarters of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) was set ablaze in Enugu, the capital of Enugu State, another office of the commission in Igboeze South council area of the state, has been razed by hoodlums. It was learnt that the office situated at Ibeagwa… In "News" •Says no excuse to postpone July 30 rerun elections •Directs immediate reconstruction of the building PORT HARCOURT (Sundiata Post) - Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike has stated that those who burnt the Bori office of the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, are the same politicians who wrote to INEC seeking… In "News" The office of the Independent National Electoral Commission in Ohafia Local Government Area of Abia State has been set ablaze. This happened on Sunday night days after the Commission’s office in Akwa Ibom was set ablaze by unknown men. The incident was confirmed by the Resident Electoral Commissioner for the… In "News"