Yakubu Shehu Abdullahi has been suspended by the Bauchi Emirate Council as the traditional title holder of Wakilin Birnin, for disrespecting the Emir of Bauchi, Dr. Rilwanu Suleiman Adamu by his choice of outfit.  The suspension which was contained in a three-paragraph letter dated May 16, 2021, and signed by Nasiru Musa Maidala for Secretary of the Emirate, said the member representing Bauchi Federal Constituency in the House of Reps, appeared in Alkebba (a kind of regal robe) and Kandiri (a staff) before the Emir, which is disrespectful. According to the letter written in Hausa, the “unbecoming behaviour” of the lawmaker amounted to disrespect not only to the Emir of Bauchi but also to District, village heads and other traditional title holders in the Emirate. “The emirate council under the chairmanship of Emir of Bauchi, has carefully deliberated on your actions, which are disrespect to the emir, political leaders, members of the council, district heads and emirs,” the letter reads. The letter cited an incident that happened at the Government House on Saturday during the annual Sallah Hawan Daushe held to pay homage to the governor by the Emir of Bauchi and all the traditional rulers in the Emirate. “The council cited examples of how you appeared before emirs in Alkebba (a kind of regal robe) and Kandiri (a kind of staff), despite being cautioned against this. What happened on Saturday May 15, 2021 at Government House showed how you disrespect the emir, the traditional institution and the governor.” “After thorough deliberation by the Emirate Council on your actions which are disrespectful to the Emir of Bauchi, Dr Rilwanu Suleiman Adamu, you are hereby suspended as the Wakilin Birnin Bauchi indefinitely until further notice.”  Source The Emir of Shinkafi, Alhaji Muhammad Makwashe has been given 24-hour ultimatum to withdraw the traditional title he conferred on former aviation minister Femi Fani-Kayode, DailyTrust has reported. This comes after two traditional titleholders in the emirate resigned their positions in protest against the conferment of Sadaukin Shinkafi on Fani… In "News" Uneasy calm currently reigns around the Kano Emirate under the headship of the Emir of Kano, Muhammadu Sanusi II, over his unending feud with Governor Abdullahi Umar Ganduje. This is just as Sanusi has accepted his appointment as the Chairman, Kano State Council of Chiefs after Ganduje gave him a… In "News" By Muhammad Nur Tijani Kano - The Kano State Governor, Dr. Abdullahi Ganduje on Saturday presented appointment letters to the four newly appointed Emirs in the state. Those presented the letters were Alhaji Aminu Ado Bayero as Emir of Bichi, Dr Ibrahim Abubakar II, Emir of Karaye; Alhaji Tafida Abubakar,… In "News"