The Peoples Democratic Party has slammed Imo State Governor, Hope Uzodinma, for opposing the creation of state police for effective management of the security challenges in the country.  The PDP revealed this in a statement signed by its National Publicity Secretary, Kola Ologbondiyan, on Thursday. It recalled that the governor during an interview with Channels Television on Wednesday kicked against the creation of state police, and saw nothing wrong with the present federal-controlled policing structure. “The Peoples Democratic Party alerts that the frenzy by Imo State Governor, Senator Hope Uzodimma, against demands by the PDP and other well-meaning Nigerians for the establishment of state police, exposes his sympathy for terrorists and bandits who are killing, kidnapping and ravaging our nation. Read AlsoBuhari has surrendered to terrorists —PDPImo: Secondus cautions Uzodinma against witch-huntACF, Ohanaeze, PDP slam Buhari as Presidency alleges coup plot“The party asserts that Governor Uzodimma’s anti-people stance against efforts to establish state policing system also exposes his insensitivity to the plight of Nigerians in the face of manifest failure by the All Progressives Congress-controlled federal security apparatus to protect the people,” the statement partly read. The party cautioned Uzodinma against “politicising the current security crisis in Imo state which is occasioned by his mismanagement of the sensibilities of the citizens”. The PDP also called on the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), to “wake up” to his responsibility to secure the citizens. “Against this backdrop, any well-meaning leader ought to be lending his or her voice to the call by Nigerians on President Buhari to wake up to his statutory responsibilities as well as initiating the required executive instrument to accelerate legislative actions towards the amendment of relevant sections of the constitution to establish a desirable state police system,” the statement added.  Source The leader of the INRI Evangelical Spiritual Church, Primate Elijah Ayodele has told Governor of Imo State, Hope Uzodinma to prepare for the worst as the legal battle to remove him is not over yet. Primate Ayodele predicted that the Supreme Court may review and reverse its judgment, which pronounced… In "News" The Imo State chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has told Governor Hope Uzodinma that he has no power to stop them from protesting against the injustices against them. The party also insisted that it would continue to protest over the outcome of the Supreme Court judgment which removed… In "News" A senior source at the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has expressed concern that the Supreme Court may have relied on uncertified results from some polling units in its judgment declaring Senator Hope Uzodinma of the All Progressives Congress (APC) governor of Imo State. The judgment given on Tuesday terminated… In "Politics"