Abuja – A combined team of security operatives on Thursday night killed at least eight suspected militants of the Independent People of Biafra (IPOB) while repelling an attack on the Orlu Divisional Police headquarters in Imo State. The security operatives also recovered seven vehicles the attackers came in for the operation. Hadiza Bala Usman Suspended As NPA MDGumi: We’ve convinced bandits not to kill Greenfield varsity studentsThe incident is coming less than 24 hours after Abutu Yaro, the new police commissioner, assumed duty. The gun duel between security operatives and the attackers lasted several hours as the military sent reinforcement from the 34 artillery brigade, Obinze, in Owerri, the state capital. Residents of Orlu and its environs were in panic mode while the gun duel lasted. “We slept with our hearts in our hands last night,” a resident of the area, who preferred not to be mentioned, told our correspondent. The gunmen allegedly set ablaze an Armoured Personnel Carrier at Umuna junction in Orlu town. The Police Spokesperson in the state, Orlando Ikeokwu, could not be reached but a police source confirmed the incident. He said the corpses of the hoodlums and their vehicles had been brought to the state police headquarters in Owerri. Armed men overran the police headquarters in April and set many detainees free. Source ORLU - Many people are feared dead while several properties as well as the Orlu Stadium have been destroyed as members of the Indigenous Peoples of Biafra (IPOB) clashed with security men in Orlu, Imo State on Monday. It was gathered that the crisis started last week when IPOB members,… In "News" In what appeared to be a well-planned attack, about a dozen men armed with AK 47 and grenades on Saturday killed about eight people, including three security personnel, and set the country home of Governor Hope Uzodinma of Imo State at Omuma, Oru East Local Government Area of the state… In "News" There was mayhem in Ogboro, Orlu, Imo State, on Monday when the hostilities between the Eastern Security Network (ESN) and soldiers became worsened. Ten residents were reportedly killed, while over 13 buildings and shops were burnt. The soldiers, who were initially deployed to dismantle the formations of the ESN, were… In "News"