By Segun Oye, IBADAN  A chieftain of the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Olabode George, has vowed to cease to be a Nigerian should the National Leader of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), Bola Ahmed Tinubu, becomes Nigeria’s President in 2023.  Prompt News reports that Mr. Tinubu is believed to be nursing ambition to succeed the incumbent, President Muhammadu Buhari, who is running out his second term in office. But Mr. George, a retired Commodore of the Nigerian Navy, said Tinubu has corruption cases hanging on his neck, calling on the EFCC to carry out an investigation into how the former Lagos Governor, allegedly stole over N34 billion through his company, Alpha Beta Consulting. He spoke today (Friday) as a guest on Arise News ‘The Morning Show’ anchored by the trio of Dr. Reuben Abati, Tundun Abiola and Rufai Oseni and monitored by Prompt News. The PDP chieftain, who once served as Military Governor of Ondo State, charged the EFCC Boss, Abdulrasheed Bawa, to be bold enough to reopen investigation into the Alpha Beta matter since the former managing director of the company, Oladapo Apara, had petitioned the anti-graft agency. When reminded that he was making unsubstantiated allegations against the APC national leader and could be sued, the PDP chieftain retorted: “Let us go to court so we both will be talking under oath. I am saying these allegations we have documents. EFCC has been investigating. “The former managing director of Alpha Beta himself stated black and white how they have been siphoning the money of the Lagos state treasury…let him take me to court. “We will go there, I will say my own and the papers will be there and let him defend himself. First of all, we want the original certificate of the University he claims he attended and exactly what is his own real name. “Look, you want to get a clown to be your head, what you would breed would be a pool of clowns. We need people and there are people in this country. I am ready if he wants to take me to court. “Bola Tinubu is an ‘Emperor’, God bless you if you are not part of his own line. You know what happened in the last election. Have you ever heard anywhere in the world where you have a bullion van on the day of election? “Were they carrying food to his house? He was not arrested, he was not cocooned, he was not containerised and taken to the cooler. “These are not things he had done in the dark..openly. So, why are you saying Bode George is this and all that, it is absolute nonsense,” he said. Former Zamfara State governor, Sani Ahmed Yarima, has sounded a note of warning to the national leader of the All Progressives Congress, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, saying that President Muhammadu Buhari will not support his 2023 presidential ambition. Giving reason, Yarima said President Buhari lacks the power to handover to any… In "Politics" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has insisted that the All Progressives Congress (APC) national leader, Bola Tinubu, begged late military ruler, Sani Abacha, for appointment. In an interview with The Sun, George provided more details and said people like former Osun governor, Olagunsoye Oyinlola,… In "Politics" An elder statesman, Chief Reuben Fasoranti, on Tuesday declared his support for the national leader of the All Progressives Congress, Asiwaju Ahmed Tinubu, ahead of the 2023 presidential election. He described Tinubu as a qualified Nigerian who has all it takes to govern the country. Fasoranti spoke when Tinubu supporters… In "News"