The Police in Imo said that Mr Ahmed Gulak an All Progressives Congress (APC) chieftain killed in the state on Sunday by unidentified gunmen left his hotel without security escort.  The Commissioner of Police in Imo, Abutu Yaro made the disclosure in a statement issued in Owerri on Sunday by the command’s spokesperson, SP Bala Alkana. Gulak, ex political adviser to former President Goodluck Jonathan was shot and killed on Ngor-Okpala Road on his way to the Sam Mbakwe Airport in Imo State to catch a flight. “On the 30/5/2021, at about 07:20hrs, armed bandits intercepted and attacked a Toyota Camry cab carrying Ahmed Gulak and two others who were on their way to Sam Mbakwe Airport to catch a flight. “Ahmed Gulak left his room at Protea Hotel without informing the Police or sister agencies in view of the fragile security situation in the South East and Imo in particular. “He left without any security escorts while the cab driver took irregular route to the airport, six armed bandits who rode in a Toyota Sienna intercepted, identified and shot at Ahmed Gulak at around Umueze Obiangwu in Ngor-Okpala Local Government Area close to the Airport,” he said. He said the force had directed a discreet investigations into the matter as Tactical and Special forces had been deployed to cordone the area and arrest perpetrators. The development has caused serious panic in Imo with some churches hurriedly dismissing members from Sunday services.  Source •The late Ahmed Gulak OWERRI - The Imo State Police Command has said the slain Ahmed Gulak,  ex-aide of ex-President GoodluckJonathan,  left his room in Protea Hotel,  Owerri on Sunday morning (today) without informing the Imo State Police Command or any other security agency and headed to the Sam Mbakwe… In "Top Stories" A former presidential aide, Ahmed Gulak, has been shot dead in Imo State on Sunday. Sources said that he was ambushed while on his way to Sam Mbakwe International Cargo airport. His motorcade was attacked at a place called Obiagwa, close to the Airport. The former aide to ex-president Goodluck… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Special Adviser on Political Matters to the erstwhile President of Nigeria, Ahmed Ali Gulak has been assassinated. It was gathered that he was killed in his Hotel room in Owerri, Imo State by a yet to be identified gunmen. Source said he… In "Top Stories"