The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB) has given two weeks’ extension to candidates genuinely unable to complete their registration for the 2021 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME).  The deadline for registration was May 29, 2021. A statement by JAMB’s head of information and protocol, Dr. Fabian Benjamin, noted that such candidates have between May 31 and June 15 to complete their registration if they were not able to by last Saturday because of NIN verification issues using a new guideline. The statement reads: “All prospective candidates with genuine proof(s) of failed efforts to register before the closing date, are to, between Monday May 31 and June 15, 2021, visit any of the Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board offices (including JAMB-owned professional test centres, PTCs) across the nation to: “(I) obtain at no cost and complete a form which is being made available to candidates with genuine reasons for missing the registration; “(ii) submit (for the reading test and application), a certified bank draft of N4,000 in favour of the Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (and obtain a signed duplicate copy from the office); “(iii) submit the completed form with a recent passport photograph at the same office of collection; “(iv) collect a copy of the reading test; “(v) await further directives through the registered phone number and public service announcement as soon as the screening is completed.” The board noted that registration for the UTME is still not possible without the National Identification Number while warning candidates against double registration.   Source The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB) says it will no longer extend the closing date for candidates registering for the 2021 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME) and the Direct Entry (DE) applications. The board made this known in its Weekly Bulletin, published by the office of the Registrar and… In "Education" The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board has fixed June 5 for the commencement of the 2021 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination. JAMB in a statement, on Wednesday, by its Head, Public Affairs and Protocols, Dr Fabian Benjamin, said 2021 UTME examination will end Saturday, June 19, 2021. The examination body also… In "Education" inability of candidates for the 2021 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME) and Direct Entry (DE) to create their profile yesterday forced the Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB) to put registration for the examination on hold. The registration was expected to hold from April 8 to May 15, 2021. But… In "News"