Nollywood star, Ify Onwuemene, famed for her role in the popular sitcom ‘Everyday People’, has died of cancer.  It was gathered that the actress, who died on Tuesday, had been battling endometrial cancer.  Her colleague in the film industry, Gloria Anozie-Young, broke the news of her death via her Facebook page. Giving details about the death of the actress, Anozie-Young wrote, “With a deep sense of loss but total submission to God Almighty, we regret to announce that IFEY ONWUEMENE has gone to be with the Lord. “IFEY ONWUEME was diagnosed with endometrial cancer. Her womb was removed, but she has been battling the ailment for many years now. “In 2019, even after eight sessions of chemotherapy, the doctors told her she had reached stage 4. However, we are not sure if she was given the wrong diagnosis or being treated with the wrong chemo, because she still felt pains on her upper abdomen and her tummy bloated. “Ify spent more than N10m, being helped with donations by her fellow actors and other Nigerians. A GoFundme account was opened for her, but it did not yield much. She had to go for draining every two weeks at a cost of N280,000, but only 3 litres of liquid can be removed at a time so that her heart is not affected. “IFEY has finally gone to rest, today 25th May 2021. May her soul rest in perfect peace. Amen.” Anozie-Young stated that burial arrangements would be released by the family of the deceased.  Source Nollywood actress, Halima Abubakar, has called out a troll who slammed her for using a waist trainer. The 33-year-old movie star called out the troll via Instagram on Monday. In her words: “I HOPE YOU NOT FASTING! Only if I offend you dear,you do this every time and I just… In "Entertainment" Nigerian actress, Annie Idibia, one of Nollywood's popular actresses, has lost her father to the cold hands of death. The mother of two who is also the wife to famous Nigerian musician, 2face Idibia, took to Instagram to announce the passing of her father. She revealed that the he died… In "Entertainment" By Romanus Ugwu and Fred Ezeh         For the sick, health is, indeed, wealth. For the critically ill, helplessly lying inhospital or at home, wealth means regaining their health. But for the terminally sick, without medical solution; life  has lost its sweet taste. For the last category,… In "Features"