Unknown gunmen stormed the staff quarters of Taraba state university and abducted Umar Buba, the Head of the Department of Forestry and Wildlife Management (Faculty of Agriculture).  Professor Vincent Ado-Tenebe who is the Vice-Chancellor of the university, said the lecturer was kidnapped in the early hours of Sunday May 30. Tenebe disclosed that the assailants fired sporadic gunshots to displace the security officials attached to the staff quarters during the attack. He Said; “This is a very sad story, and it has not happened in the past two to three years ago when we had our Director of Information kidnapped after which we put so many strategies on the ground to prevent ugly situations in the future. “I am so surprised that this happened again, and I know that we have police personnel, that of NSCDC, our security outfit, and vigilante group members hired by the institution to keep the place safe and despite all of these, the former Dean of Students Affair has been kidnapped.” The Vice Chancellor also said that the management of the institution would engage concerned authorities to grant licences for staff to have their guns for their protection and that of the students, as they can’t fight gunmen with bare hands. Tenebe Added; “If you have a licensed gun and you are trained, then you will be able to defend your family and the immediate community of students. “We have grown past this, and I don’t think there is going to be any other solution than for us to apply for licencing of arms so that these bandits will know that we are equal to the task to defend the defenceless.” Buba’s wife, Samira who recalled how he was abducted, said it occurred shortly after they switched off their generator at about 12:15am. Samira disclosed they heard a noise which they believed was a windstorm. She Said; “When I met one of them, he asked me where my husband was, and I understood immediately that they were kidnappers. After I understood their plan, I offered myself to be taken as their target instead of my husband and I pleaded that I have a little baby whom I needed to go with and they rejected my offer, insisting that my husband was the target. “When they gained access … they struggled to go with him (the victim) because he resisted. We have never heard that kind of gunshot in our entire lives.” Samira revealed that when security operatives arrived at the scene and went after the kidnappers through the bush paths, they found nothing but charms, alcoholic drinks, and some clothes abandoned by the gunmen. She disclosed that the abductors of her husband have not made any contact with the family to know what their demands were. Taraba police spokesperson, David Misal confirmed the incident and said the police were on the trail of the kidnappers to rescue the lecturer. He also called on the residents to provide the police with useful information that would aid the rescue of the abducted lecturer.   According to The PUNCH, some gunmen attacked the University of Jos Staff Quarters on Friday night shot dead a lecturer identified as Dr Nendi Drengkat. It was learnt that the gunmen also kidnapped Drengkat’s six-year-old daughter in the attack. Chairman of the institution’s branch of the Academic Staff Union of… In "News" The Academic Staff Union of Universities at the Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile Ife, Osun State, has called for the unconditional release of Dr. Femi Omisore of the Department of Urban and Regional Planning, who was abducted by some gunmen in Ado Ekiti on Friday. The Chairman of ASUU, OAU chapter,… In "News" Justin Tyopuusu Jalingo Unknown gunmen on Sunday abducted the Permanent Secretary in the Taraba State Ministry of Water Resources, Mrs. Susana Jonathan. Mrs. Jonathan was kidnapped in her house around the ATC area of Jalingo at about 2:17am on Sunday, local residents told our correspondent. This is coming barely five… In "News"