Peter Obi, a former governor of Anambra state has raised alarm that some prominent Nigerians have been plotting to link him to the sponsorship of the Biafran movement and also tarnish his reputation.  The alarm was raised in a statement signed by his media aide, Mr. Valentine Obienyem. According to Obi, five prominent Nigerians including a present Governor in the South-East were invited to a meeting on how to nail him so that his ‘rising profile will be dimmed for good’. He however added that some of them are not comfortable on the way the tide is moving and may finally opt out. The statement read; “The present effort to blackmail Mr. Obi is by some prominent Nigerians, including a present Governor in the South-East. Our informant, whom we have no reason to doubt, revealed how five of them were invited to a meeting on how to nail Mr. Peter Obi so that, according to him, his ‘rising profile will be dimmed for good’. “Watch out; soon you will see a group call a world press conference, speak of the insecurity in the land, appeal to anybody with information on the causes to help the Government solve it and finally drop the bomb by linking Mr. Peter Obi to the sponsorship of the Biafran movement through offer of money to sustain the agitation and use of Biafran boys for selfish end, including winning of elections. “Though our informant refused to disclose the name of the Governor behind this and the main person he is using. “In the fullness of time, the plot will unfold and the characters will become apparent on its own. “Most of the previous efforts to blackmail Mr. Obi by some prominent people through hired hands backfired, because the truth eventually prevailed. The present plot to make trouble for an innocent man will similarly come to nought as far as Almighty God remains on the throne.”  Source By Peter Okolie   Awka    -      Mr Peter Obi, the Vice Presidential Candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), says there is no division in the party in the South-East geo-political zone. Obi said this on Sunday in Awka, while addressing party faithful at an interdenominational church service and reception… In "News" ONITSHA -  The former Governor of Anambra, Mr. Peter Obi, On Tuesday formally defected to the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) from the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA). Obi declared his defection while hosting some top notchers of the PDP in the South-East, led by the Deputy Senate President, Sen. Ike… In "News" The Vice-Presidential candidate of the PDP in the 2019 elections, Mr. Peter Obi, has again appealed to the youth across the country, including the youth from the South-East, particularly those from Anambra State, to go off the streets in order not to allow their well-thought-out protest which has been supported… In "Politics"