The Lagos State Commissioner of Police, CP Hakeem Odumosu, has said that the state Police Command is investigating the separatist group, Oodua Republic, and also the threat by the Indigenous People of Biafra to attack soft targets in the state.  Odumosu made this known during a security summit chaired by the Lagos State Governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu. According to the CP, “The Command has taken notice of agitators for Oodua Republic by some Yoruba separatist groups and the threats to disrupt law and order in the state. 24 of these groups have been identified and being closely monitored. Don’t sell weapons to Nigeria, IPOB writes US President Biden“Similarly, the threat of IPOB to attack soft targets in Lagos is equally being put on the radar of the command intelligence gathering and other security services in the state. Strategies are being put in place to neutralise their activities. “The Command is using this medium to solicit for the support of all and sundry to be vigilant at all times and report any suspicious person or movement to security agencies. Let us adopt the slogan of “when you see something, say something.”” Speaking further, the Commissioner advised the state government to immediately take urgent measures against commercial motorcycles, popularly known as Okada riders in the state.  Source By Stanley Nwanosike Enugu  -Commissioner of Police, Enugu State, CP Ahmad Abdurrahman, on Thursday said the police was treating the detained Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) member with bullet wound to make him fit to face trial. Abdurrahman said this in a statement signed by the Command’s Public Relations Officer,… In "News" By Oladapo Udom Lagos - The Lagos State Commissioner of Police, Mr Hakeem Odumosu,  on Wednesday said  that 114 armed robbery suspects were arrested within the first 55 days of his assumption of office. Odumosu stated this while giving his stewardship in the last 55 as the incumbent Commissioner of… In "Metro" •NBA wants operation manual published as SANs back govs•It’s a good move to protect their people, says IPOB•Northern youths kick, insist it’s military wing of OPC Tobi Soniyi in Lagos, David-Chyddy Eleke in Awka and Kemi Olaitan in Ibadan Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Following controversies that have greeted the setting… In "Top Stories"