….Hails his efforts towards National Development …As Danbatta receives recognition award By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post)  – Traditional rulers in Kano state and some concerned community leaders have commended the Executive Vice Chairman of the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC), Prof. Garba Danbatta for being at the forefront of supporting the community in the area of security by sponsoring vigilante groups and financing all aspects of security planning in the local government area. The leaders also thanked him for his role in boosting security and supporting other initiatives aimed at developing Danbatta Local Government Area, Kano State and its environs, as well as his efforts toward national development. The traditional rulers and the community leaders gave the commendation at an event organised by Danbatta (Community) Charity Foundation (DCF) in conjunction with four other organisations including Zauren Tuntuba, a non-for-profit organisation; Danbatta Academic Forum (DAF); Danbatta Reporters and Duniya Ba Hutu, in Danbatta community, Kano at the weekend. The Deputy Manager, NCC, Kunle Azeez who disclosed this on Friday in a statement made available to Sundiata Post, also informed that Prof. Danbatta was also conferred with a special recognition award for his immense contribution to the security of Danbatta community, among other community development initiatives. According to the statement, the event was the graduation ceremony of 10 female students from Muslim Community College of Health Sciences and Technology, Funtua and another 20 empowered females in vocational training focused on tailoring and fashion, all of whom were sponsored by Prof. Danbatta. The event, featured the distribution of sewing machines and other fashion tools to the two sets of graduands. Speaking for traditional rulers, the Sarkin Bai of Bichi Emirate and District Head of Danbatta, Alhaji Isiyaku Wada Waziri, stated that, “one of the most important things anybody can give to Nigerians presently is security because without security, no business will prosper and people will not live in peace,” adding that “That is why, among all the efforts that Prof Danbatta has made to support the community, his support in the areas of security is valued the highest.” He emphasised that the local community had witnessed improvement in its security efforts following personal security support received from Prof. Danbatta. Waziri further urged Prof. Danbatta not to relent in his philanthropic gesture of helping the community and acknowledged the critical role which the Danbatta-led NCC is playing in leveraging the use of Information and Communication Technology (ICT), through the Emergency Communication Centres (ECCs) which NCC is implementing across the country, in enhancing security of lives and property in the country. In the same vein, one of the leaders of the community and Chairman of DCF, Alhaji Nasiru Danguda, spoke glowingly by reeling out various initiatives by Prof. Danbatta towards contributing to the overall development of the community. In his remarks, the EVC thanked the Foundation, its partners as well as the community leaders for recognizing his modest contributions to the development of the Danbatta and neighbouring community, saying “this gesture can only encourage us to do more for our community.”  ABUJA - The Executive Vice Chairman of the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC), Prof. Umar Garba Danbatta, has been commended for his role in community and national development through his Danbatta Charity Foundation (DCF), a non-profit organisation. The Sarki Bai of Bichi and District Head of Danbatta, Alhaji Isyaku Wada Waziri… In "News" Abuja, Nov.27, 2014(NAN) The Supervising Minister of State for Health, Dr. Khaliru Alhassan, on Thursday said Federal Government had successfully confined the spread of wild polio virus to Kano and Yobe. Alhassan made this known when he gave update on the success being recorded by government towards total eradication of… In "Health" Olukayode Babalola Nasarawa-Eggon (Lafia) - Gov. Abdullahi Sule of Nasarawa state has reiterated his administration’s commitment to supporting the federal government and security agencies in the fight against crime and criminality in the state.The governor stated this during the inauguration of the Police Mobile Force Training College, Endehu Hills in… In "News"