Gunmen on Thursday killed two Inspectors in Obosi Police station, Idemili North local government area of Anambra State during an attack.  They also razed the station and two operational vehicles. Though it was rumoured more than four policemen may have been killed, the Police Command said only two died. Anambra Police spokesman, Ikenga Tochukwu, said the two died during a gun duel with the attackers. He also confirmed two operational vehicles of the Command were burnt with sections of the building. Tochukwu said the new Commissioner of Police, Chris Owolabi, had detailed crack team to apprehend the perpetrators. He said the Police Crack team, led by Assistant Commissioner of Police in-charge of Operations, had visited the scene and conduct on-the-spot assessment of the incidence. Tochukwu said: “During the gun duel, two police operatives paid the supreme price. “The hoodlums in a bid trying to escape set part of police building on fire and two operational vehicles. “Meanwhile Investigations are ongoing to identify the perpetrators of this heinous crime.”  Source It was a bloody day on Wednesday as gunmen went on the rampage in various parts of the country. They killed two policemen in an attack on the Adani divisional headquarters in Enugu State. In Kaduna State, bandits killed a worker and abducted a yet-to-be specified number of students from… In "News" The Obowo Divisional Police Headquarters, located at Umulowe autonomous community area of Imo State was on Friday attacked by gunmen. Two policemen who were on duty were killed in the attack. The hoodlums also injured three other cops who resisted them from gaining access into the headquarters. The PUNCH reports… In "News" As many as three Nigerian police officers have been confirmed dead after an attack by gunmen. They died after the attack by gunmen on Onueke police station in Ezza south local government area of Ebonyi state. Two other officers were said to have sustained bullet wounds during the attack which… In "News"