The Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, and a pro-independence movement in western Cameroon, ‘Ambazonia Governing Council’ (AGovC), have agreed to exchange weapons and personnel to help them achieve their common goals “Freedom”. Created in 2012 by Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, IPOB had over the years condemned the Nigerian government for its poor investment, inequitable resource distribution, marginalization, and heavy military presence in the region. The group therefore demanded for the restoration of an independent state of Biafra in the South East through an independence referendum. On its part, AGovC, fights to carve out Cameroon’s English-speaking Northwest and Southwest regions into a breakaway state called Ambazonia. Grievances of Anglophone Cameroonians date back to 1961, when the region was granted independence from Britain. However, forming alliance with each other, Foreign Policy, an American news publication, said: “The scope of the alliance will include joint operations and training bases, Capo Daniel, the deputy defense chief of the Ambazonia Defense Forces, the military wing of the Ambazonia Governing Council said. “The groups will work to secure their shared border and ensure an open exchange of weapons and personnel, representatives of both the Ambazonia and IPOB movements said.” When contacted to react, Emma Powerful, said: “It’s true. We are growing day by day. We need to strengthen ourselves”. Sundiata Post had 21 May 2021 reported that Nigerian and Cameroonian separatist movements were beginning to join forces.  By Jess Craig Escalating pro-independence movements by Anglophone Cameroonians and Biafrans are igniting ethnic tensions and could threaten regional stability. Immigration officers walk on a suspension bridge built in 1948 that connects Nigeria with Cameroon at Mfum border station in Cross Rivers State, southeast Nigeria on February 1, 2018. The… In "Features" •IPOB leader, Nnamdi Kanu By STEVE OKO, Aba The Leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Mazi Nnamdi Kanu; and the leader of Ambazonia independence movement, Dr Cho. L. Ayaba, will on Friday, April 9, 2021 address a joint world press conference. This is contained in a press statement by IPOB Media… In "Top Stories" The Biafra Nations Youth League, BNYL, has formed an alliance with Southern Cameroon’s separatist group, Ambazonia, in pursuant to secession from their respective countries to become independent nations.   Arising from BNYL’s convention in Enugu, during the weekend, attended by representatives of Cameroon’s Ambazonia, BNYL leader, Princewill Chimezie said that… In "News"