Another headquarters of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has been razed in Enugu on Sunday.  The office is located at number 1 Achi Street by Agric Bank Bus stop in Independence Layout, Enugu. Recall that the INEC office in Obollo-Afor, Udenu was razed by fire a few days ago. Preliminary investigation had suggested that the fire may have been caused by power surge due to sudden power supply to the building. Police Commissioner in the state, Mr Mohammed Aliyu, who confirmed the incident to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) said that he was still at the scene of the incident as of the time of filing this report. He said he was there to save the office from the disaster. NAN, however, gathered at the time of filing this report, that the Enugu State Fire Service, as well as the Federal Fire Service were also doing everything possible to quench the fire. Several calls made to INEC officials, especially the state’s Resident Electoral Commissioner (REC), Dr Emeka Ononamadu and the Public Relations Officer by NAN were not picked.  Source The Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, has once again announced that one of its offices Enugu State, South East Nigeria has been set ablaze. Barrister Festus Okoye, national commissioner & chairman, information and voter education committee, who disclosed this in a statement Friday morning said, “the spate of fire incidents… In "News" The Commissioner of Police in Enugu State, Mr Mohammed Aliyu, has ordered investigation of fire outbreak at the Obollo-Afor office of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) in the state. Aliyu also directed the cordoning off of the scene for the thorough probe to further ascertain the actual cause of… In "News" The Commissioner of Police in Enugu State, Mr Mohammed Aliyu, has ordered investigation into the fire incident at Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) headquarters in the state. Aliyu also directed a total cordon off of the premises to allow for proper investigation of the incident. The Police Public Relations Officer,… In "News"