Minister of Information and Culture Alhaji Lai Mohammed has said the calls for secession in some quarters in Nigeria were unacceptable.  He spoke while delivering a speech virtually at the opening of the 2021 Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Nigerian Institute of Public Relations (NIPR) in Bauchi State. Mohammed, however, said it was rational and ideal for citizens to call for restructuring and true federalism, adding that whatever challenges facing the country can be overcome. According to the minister, “while it is alright for citizens to call for restructuring and true federalism, what is not acceptable is the call in certain quarters for secession. “Whatever challenges we have today as a nation, can and will be surmounted. In fact, the Federal Government had set in motion the necessary machinery to tackle the challenge of insecurity. “We should, therefore, not allow today’s challenges, whether in the area of economy or security, to jeopardise our unity.” The information minister, who apologised for not being able to be physically present in Bauchi for the event, however, appealed to NIPR to use its platform to work for the unity of Nigeria. “That task has never been more urgent than now against the background of discordant voices in the country and calls for separation. “I see NIPR as a capable partner in government’s effort to douse the tension in the land and beat the drum of unity rather than the drum of war. “May I also repeat my call to NIPR to raise voice against those fanning the embers of disunity and discord in the country. Without a country that is peaceful and secured, there can be no development. “This administration is doing everything possible to return peace and security across the country,” the minister said. He urged the NIPR to partner with the Federal Government in the fight against fake news, misinformation as well as hate speech. National President, NIPR, Mallam Mukhtar Suraju, said the event was coming at a time when public relations was solely needed to redirect the compass of the country. He observed that all promises the country held were bedevilled by so many challenges, many of which he said were ordinarily avoidable and unnecessary. Suraju said the challenges ranged from insecurity to social tension occasioned by mutual mistrust and suspicion among leaders of various components of the country. He, however, added that NIPR believed in Nigeria and its continued corporate existence. Bauchi State Governor Bala Mohammed, who was represented by his deputy, Alhaji Baba Tela, appreciated NIPR for allowing the state to be the host of the AGM.  Source According to the minister, the strength of Nigeria is its diversity and so secession is not an option. Alhaji Lai Mohammed, the Minister of Information and Culture has reacted to those calling for the secession of the country on Monday, April 26 during an interview with Channels TV. Responding to… In "News" Alhaji Lai Mohammed, the Minister of Information and Culture, on Sunday said that the Federal Government was working hard to improve national security and prevent all secession tendencies. Mohammed, who spoke on Sunday in Lagos when he appeared on Bond FM radio programme, “Ibi Abasede”, urged Nigerians not to listen… In "News" …Says Presidency, APC Desperately Seeking Public Acceptance By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The People’s Democratic Party (PDP) has charged President Muhammadu Buhari and the All Progressives Congress (APC) to stop posturing as if they truly have the mandate of Nigerians for a second tenure in the Presidency after… In "Politics"