Real Madrid have confirmed that Zinedine Zidane has decided to step down as the club’s manager despite still having 12 months left to run on his contract.  The Frenchman’s desire to walk away from the most demanding of coaching posts in mid-May, with it now revealed that ties will be severed in the Spanish capital. Zidane is bidding farewell to the Blancos’ dugout for a second time but leaves behind many happy memories after securing major silverware across both of his stints at the helm. The Liga giants have said in a statement on their official website: “Real Madrid CF announces that Zinedine Zidane has decided to end his current spell as coach of our club. “It is now time to respect his decision and show him our appreciation for his professionalism, dedication and passion in all “Zidane is one of the great myths of Real Madrid and his legend goes beyond what he has been as a coach and player of our club. “He knows that he is at the heart of Real Madrid and that Real Madrid is and will always be his home.” Goal.   Source Madrid - Real Madrid coach Zinedine Zidane says he will back his La Liga club captain Sergio Ramos if he decides to represent Spain at the Olympic Games later this year. The defender who turns 34 next month has been chosen in Spain’s preliminary squad for the tournament. Ramos is… In "Sports" Madrid   -     Real Madrid Coach Zinedine Zidane has warned Liverpool that his side are as hungry as ever to win the Champions League. Zidane rejected claims that the Spanish giants might have lost their edge ahead of Saturday’s final in Kiev, Ukraine. There have been some suggestions that Real, having… In "Sports" MADRID - Real Madrid reappointed Zinedine Zidane as coach on a three-year contract on Monday following the sacking of Santiago Solari with the Frenchman promising wholesale changes after the deposed European champions saw their season collapse inside a week. Zidane won an unprecedented three consecutive Champions League titles with the… In "Sports"