Benin –  Former Niger Delta agitators, said on Saturday in Benin that they were willing to cooperate with the Federal Government toward the overall development of the region. The agitators, under the `Third Phase Presidential Amnesty Programme’, made the pledge at an enlarged meeting of stakeholders. Mr Tonye Bobo, leader of the Third Phase Presidential Amnesty Programme and member of the Special Committee of the Presidential Amnesty Programme (PAP) made the pledge. He said the dawn of a new era had come in the Niger Delta and that the people had decided to embrace peace for the socio-economic development of the entire region. “We are already getting it right. As peace Ambassadors, we have to change the narrative in the Niger Delta. “We want the public to know that Niger Delta is now a region where people can do business without any molestation,” he stated. Bobo disclosed that all necessary measures had been put in place to stop incessant protests and the blockade of highways to press home certain demands. According to him, there is talk toward sustainable peace in the area ongoing with the Interim Administrator, Presidential Amnesty Programme, Col. Milland Dikio, who he described as an upright man and one with the interest of the people at heart. He spoke of the need to support Dikio so that he would be able to achieve the set objectives for the people. “Today’s meeting is very powerful, looking at the calibre of persons present. “Some of the stakeholders that could not make it to the meeting sent a word of support and appreciation for the effort we are making for the needful to be done in the office,” he said. The spokesman for the group, Mr Godstime Ogidigba, said one of the decisions taken during the meeting was the confirmation of the executive committee led by Bobo for two years, after which election of the group’s leadership would be conducted. He also said it was decided that the chairmanship position would be rotational. (NAN) Port Harcourt - The Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) said on Monday that it would partner the Presidential Amnesty Office to re-integrate over 30,000 ex-agitators in the Niger Delta. The Acting Managing Director of the Commission, Mrs Ibim Semenitari, said this in Port Harcourt during the visit of the Coordinator… In "News" Yenagoa -  Mr Piriye Kiyaramo, Liaison Officer, Presidential Amnesty Programme in Bayelsa, has said that the programme is on course to ensure enduring peace in the Niger-Delta region. Kiyaramo made the statement when he paid courtesy visit to the Executive Director, Bayelsa Social Media in Yenagoa on Tuesday. Kiyaramo appealed… In "News" By Jacinta Nwachukwu Abuja - The Coordinator, Presidential Amnesty Programme (PAP), Prof Charles Dokubo has urged leaders of Niger Delta ex-agitators to work towards the success of the programme for people in the region to enjoy its gains. A statement issued on Tuesday in Abuja by his Special Assistant on… In "News"