Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  Presidential Candidate of the People’s Democratic Party in the 2019 election, Atiku Abubakar, ex-Adamawa Acting Governor James Barka, and residents have hailed governor Ahmadu Fintiri, for the completion of the first over head bridge in the North East. The overhead bridge inaugurated by the former Vice President Atiku, has an eight lane dual carriage way expansion approaching the bridge, from the popular Maidoki roundabout and terminates at Bishop street junction. Atiku hailed Fintiri for his foresight sayig, “ It is to the credit of this project that Jimeta is now wearing a new look. My spirit is always uplifted, energised by seeing elected government officials working to transform lives and change societies.” There were praises equally from the electorates and others in the state that included the state ex-acting governor, Ambassador James Barka; and the Esele of Edo in the state, Chief Henry Okobiz, proprietor of Okobiz ventures, who commended Fintiri for his foresight. . Earlier, Fintiri at the inauguration, which climaxed the activities marking his second year anniversary in office, said the people had every reason to celebrate the presence of the infrastructures, his administration had put in place, which they can see and touch. Punch Acting Governor of Adamawa state, Alhaji Ahmadu Fintiri, says the administration of ex-Governor Murtala Nyako left behind a debt of about N12.8b without any infrastructure to show for it. The Acting Governor stated this when former members of the Adamawa state House of Assembly led by Ambassador James Barka paid… In "News" Following his failure to honour the invitation of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), the anti-graft agency has disclosed that it will, any moment from now, declare former Borno State governor Ali Modu Sheriff wanted over alleged misappropriation, embezzlement of funds and abuse of office while he was governor… In "News" By Femi Adesina The seeming advantage that the All Progressives Congress (APC) had in Adamawa State was wiped out in July when Governor Murtala Nyako got impeached by the state House of Assembly. Nyako was one of the five governors who had decamped last year from the Peoples Democratic Party… In "Opinion"