Confronted by the ravages of the COVID-19 pandemic and amid reports of thousands of fatalities being recorded daily, Indians have, in disappointment, turned their back on their gods for failing to protect and preserve them in a time of affliction.  A video of a truck disposing thousands of idols of gods lying on a river bank in India has been doing the rounds on the social media. In the video (watch it hereunder), which has since gone viral, a truck is seen disposing the idols on a river bank, which were apparently discarded by their worshippers who didn’t properly dispose them.. According to a Shia World News presenter, the idols were thrown away by their worshippers because the gods that they sacrificed themselves for could not protect them from the coronavirus. The presenter said: “A large number of Indians have thrown the idols of the gods they worship on the streets as the numbers of coronavirus virus infections and that skyrocket in the country. “Indians have expressed their anger towards the gods that they worship and sacrificed themselves for but the idols can not protect them from the coronavirus. “They pray to the idols because they believe that it could save them but they finally discovered that it could not do anything and hence they destroyed it. “The number of virus in India has be reaching a record of 3,780 and the total number of infection has exceeded 20 million. “Indians health system has struggled to cope with the recent wave of COVID-19 with patients dying in hospital and parking lots from lack of oxygen.” Watch Video here: New Delhi - The number of COVID-19 cases, the respiratory disease caused by the new coronavirus, in India crossed 40,000 marks on Sunday evening. The death toll due to the pandemic meanwhile has reached 1,306. With 2,487 positive cases and 83 fatalities due to COVID-19 since Sunday morning, the total… In "Foreign" ABUJA - Seventy-six Nigerians died of COVID-19 in the last week, data from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) have shown. Also, 273 patients died of the disease in the country between May 20 and June 18, 2020. By the close of work on Friday, 12 June 2020, the… In "News" •Boss Mustapha, Chairman, PTF on COVID-19 The week of 7th (Monday) to 13th (Sunday) December, 2020 (i.e. last week) is an unforgettable week of bad and sad news. Prior to this remarkably sad week, the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) had observed that "since the beginning of September to… In "column - Friday"