The All Progressives Congress has urged Nigerians to support President Muhammadu Buhari as he works towards tackling the rising insecurity in the nation.  This appeal was contained in a statement titled, ‘APC Welcomes Release of 29 Kaduna College Students’, which was signed by the party’s National Secretary, Sen. John Akpanudoeudehe, in Abuja, on Thursday. According to him, the APC was delighted about the release and safe return of 29 students abducted from the Federal College of Forestry Mechanisation, Afaka, in Kaduna State. He said, “It is truly heart-warming that the students have been reunited with their family, friends and other loved ones. We deeply appreciate all stakeholders involved in the student’s release. “While the party and government share concerns of well-meaning Nigerians on the security incidents in the country, we reiterate our call to Nigerians for continued support of ongoing efforts by the President Muhammadu Buhari government at a quick and permanent solution to the security challenges.”  Source The President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), on Wednesday, welcomed the release of the 27 students of the Federal College of Forestry Mechanization, Afaka, Kaduna State. He also congratulated their friends, families, the government and the people of Kaduna State on the development. Buhari’s position was contained in a statement… In "News" The ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) has alleged the worsening security challenges across the nation may be the handiworks of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and other opposition elements to weaken the Federal Government ahead of the 2023 general elections. It however assured Nigerians of the capacity and commitment of… In "Politics" The Northern Patriots, a northern political group, has identified regional injustice and imbalance in major federal appointments, particularly in the security sector, as some of the drivers of insecurity in the country. The group added that the clamour for cessation, restructuring and other issues fueling disunity in the country have… In "News"