The General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God, Pastor Enoch Adeboye has spoken about his late son, Dare.  Speaking on Tuesday, Adeboye described his late son, Dare, as a “champion”. It was the first time Adeboye would speak on his son’s death. He spoke on Tuesday in a pre-recorded message played during the Farewell Service in honour of his late son at the Youth Centre, Redemption Camp, along the Lagos-Ibadan Expressway The PUNCH had earlier reported that Dare died last Wednesday in Eket, Akwa Ibom State, where he was based with his family. The 42-year-old was the Assistant Pastor in charge of Region (Youth) 35 before his death. He was father to three daughters. Dare was later buried in the presence of friends, family and church members on Tuesday afternoon. Speaking at the farewell service, his 79-year-old father said, “Cry if you wish but don’t cry for pastor Dee (as Dare is fondly called) because he is resting in glory. Cry because you are the one still fighting the battle. Anyone who has caught a glimpse of heaven will not be crying for Pastor Dee because there is no comparison between heaven and earth. But then fight courageously because, on the resurrection morning, we shall meet again.” “I want you to know that God who knows the end from the beginning knew long before the foundations of the world that what has happened was going to happen. And because his word is forever settled, he said all things work together for good to them that love God. We may not understand now, but what has happened is going to work out for our good. “In one of his sermons, Dare himself said God does not need a visa to pay you a visit or to do whatever he wants to do in your life. “And I have told you before, death is not a function of age. Young people die, old people die, children die. And it is not about how long you live it is how well. Even Jesus Christ himself died at the age of 33. John the Baptist never lived to be 34 and yet he was the greatest. “We have lost a champion. You would agree with me on that. Let us consider him a seed that we have sown and let’s get ready for a special harvest. I want us to join our forces together and produce many champions like Damilare that would go round the whole world and shake the world for the Lord Jesus. That is how we can honour his memory,” he added. The general overseer stated, “The church of God is marching on. It doesn’t matter what the devil is thinking now. The devil was rejoicing the day the Lord Jesus Christ died on the Cross but he never knew what was coming. The devil was rejoicing when Job lost all his children but if only he knew what was coming.” Adeboye also urged Christians globally to pray for his wife, Pastor Folu Adeboye, his children, grandchildren and the entire family.   Source THE President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), and the Senate President, Ahmad Lawal, were among prominent Nigerians who took turns on Thursday to express their condolences to the General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God, Pastor Enoch Adeboye, his family and members of his church over the death… In "News" •Late Pastor Dare Adeboye The family of the General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG), Pastor Enoch Adejare Adeboye, has released a programme for Pastor Dare Adeboye, who went to be with the Lord on Wednesday in Eket, Akwa Ibom State where he was based. Late Pastor… In "Metro" The General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God, Pastor Enoch Adeboye, on Thursday evening, made his first public appearance after the death of his 42-year-old son, Pastor Dare Adeboye. The general overseer featured at the Holy Communion Service of the May Edition of the church’s Holy Ghost Service.… In "News"