Abuja (Sundiata Post) –   Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, NNPC, has launched a bidding process for the provision of operations and maintenance (O&M) services at three petroleum refineries in Nigeria. The select refineries are Port Harcourt Refining Company (PHRC), Warri Refining & Petrochemical Company (WRPC), and Kaduna Refining and Petrochemical Company (KRPC). According to NNPC, interested parties must have experience in such maintenance jobs in Africa and/or in Nigeria, and must provide at least three specific examples of O&M services and/or Engineering, Procurement, Construction (EPC) experience on refinery, gas processing, LNG and other processes. They must also provide evidence of compliance with the provisions of the Industrial Training Fund (ITF) Amendment Act 2011, and comply with the Nigeria Social Insurance Trust Fund (NSITF) Act by the inclusion of a current copy of a compliance certificate expiring on 31st December this year as well as evidence of compliance with PENCOM Reform Act 2004 by the inclusion of valid pension clearance certificate expiring on the aforementioned date. The organizations must as well not be in receivership, nor subject to any form of insolvency or bankruptcy proceeding, and definitely not a tax defaulting company. It should also not have any director convicted in any country for a criminal offense relating to fraud or any financial impropriety or criminal misrepresentation or falsification of facts relating to any matter. In addition, the company must have audited accounts for the past four years, provide evidence of the latest credit ratings and the name of the rating agency, with a demonstration of a minimum average annual turnover of US$ 2bn at the least, for the financial year ending 2020 and provide evidence of compliance with the local content Act. The scope of work shall cover long-term as well as short-term production/operations planning, production & operations execution, monitoring, reporting & optimization of operations. The selected contractors will be expected to engage in the process and control engineering, quality control, quality assurance and laboratory, environmental management as well as turn-around maintenance planning and execution among others. By SKC Ogbonnia ‎ The politics of fuel ignited the downfall of President Goodluck Ebele Jonathan. The politics of fuel will ultimately ignite the success or failure of the second coming of Gen. Muhammadu Buhari (rtd). Perhaps the defeat of Jonathan in the March 28, 2015 presidential election has continued… In "Opinion" By Edith Ike-Eboh Abuja - The Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) says the country’s refineries are not too old for effective refining operations. Mr Kragha Anibor, NNPC Chief Operating Officer, Refineries disclosed this at a panel session at the ongoing Nigerian International Petroleum summit (NIPS), on Wednesday, in Abuja. The… In "Business" While refining zero crude oil, the Nigeria National Petroleum Corporation spent a staggering N81.41 billion on its refineries between January and August, 2020, according to its data. According to a summary of the report by Punch, the expenses were accumulated by Kaduna Refining and Petrochemical Company, Port Harcourt Refining Company… In "Business"