The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission has been described by the Federal Bureau of Investigation as a critical partner in the global fight against organized crime and corruption.  This is according to the Legal Attaché of the Bureau, Uche Ahamdi, who stressed that the Commission needed to be commended for its professionalism. He said this on Thursday, May 6, 2021, when he led a delegation on a courtesy visit to the office of the Enugu Zonal Head of the Commission, Oshodi Johnson, at Independence Layout, Enugu. “EFCC is a critical partner to the FBI and they have certain capacities in this fight against crime and are doing very well and we believe that if more values are added to their work, they would do even more. So, our visit is to strengthen our collaborative information sharing between,” he said. Read AlsoWe are not offering N1m to ‘Yahoo Yahoo’ informants —EFCCReps summon NNPC, CBN, FIRS, EFCC, probe illicit financial flowsEFCC arrests human organs trafficker in Port HarcourtAccording to a statement on EFCC’s website, Ahamdi “further stated that EFCC was on the right track and that FBI was ready to support the Commission in getting things done considering that the two organizations have a common mandate which is fighting all forms of cross border crimes.” On his own part, Oshodi observed that both organizations have a very cordial and symbiotic relationship. “FBI is a very important asset to us here at EFCC as we are to them and I wish to thank you for your usual cooperation especially in the area of sharing intelligence,” he said.  Source ￼Joseph Oyediran, one of the internet fraudsters wanted by USA’s Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) as part of an international crackdown on a syndicate of cyber criminals, has been arrested by operatives of Nigeria’s anti-graft agency, the Economic Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Ilorin Zonal Office in Kwara State. This was… In "Top Stories" Days after the Economic Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, vowed to fish out Nigerians indicted in the recent United States wire scam, Saturday Sun has learnt that most of the young men with questionable source of living are currently on the run. While many have gone underground, those with the means… In "News" By Mujidat Oyewole Ilorin - The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has arrested a 36-year-old in Ilorin for alleged N60 million fraud. The Zonal Head of the EFCC in Ilorin, Mr Isyaka Sharu, stated this in Ilorin at a press briefing on Friday. He said that the commission had… In "News"