Following allegations of diverting N9 billion, men of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission have arrested Abdulfatah Ahmed, the former governor of Kwara state.  According to Channels Television, the former governor is being questioned by a crack team of operatives at the EFCC headquarters in Abuja The 57-year-old was said to have arrived at the EFCC headquarters at about 10 am on Monday, in response to the invitation sent to him by the agency. Following his arrival at the anti-graft agency’s office, Mr. Ahmed was reportedly in the interrogation room for about seven hours, writing statements. Sources told Channels that his arrest was in connection with how funds to the tune of about N9 billion were allegedly diverted from the coffers of the Kwara State government. The money was alleged to have been diverted during Mr. Ahmed’s tenure as governor of the state, and when he served as the Commissioner for Finance in the administration of former Governor Bukola Saraki. Spokesman for the EFCC, Wilson Uwujaren, confirmed to Channels that the former governor responded to the commission’s invitation.  Source By Eniola Akinkuotu Ahead of May 29, 2019, handover date to newly-elected states helmsmen, the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission has set up teams to probe some governors accused of perpetrating acts of corruption, SUNDAY PUNCHPUNCH has learnt. At least 12 states will have new governors on May 29 after the… In "News" • EFCC Acting Chairman, Ibrahim Magu ABUJA - After securing the conviction of former Abia State governor, Orji Uzor Kalu, the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has stepped up the investigation of three incumbent governors and eight others who have completed their tenures. The sitting governors under investigation by… In "Top Stories" The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission has refused to comment on the case of alleged fraud involving a former governor of Akwa Ibom State, Godswill Akpabio. Akpabio first came under investigation in 2015 following accusations that he diverted over N100bn from the oil-rich state between 2007 and 2015, an allegation… In "Politics"