Chairman, Code of Conduct Tribunal, CCT, Danladi Umar on Tuesday appeared before the senate over allegations of assaulting a security guard.  He has now been given two weeks to defend a petition against him. The Chairman of the Senate Committee on Ethics, Privileges and Public Petitions, Sen. Ayo Akinyelure, issued the directive when Mr Umar appeared before the committee on Tuesday in Abuja to answer allegations of assault by a security guard, Clement Sagwak. Mr Sagwak, a security guard had through his Counsel, Timzing Ramnap, petitioned the Senate, accusing Umar of alleged assault. Mr Sagwak, 22, and an employee of Jul Reliable Guards Services Limited, told the Senate in his petition that he was assaulted by Umar and a policeman attached to him after he informed him (Umar) that his car was not properly parked. He said the CCT boss slapped him several times and forced him to kneel down in the presence of people while performing his lawful duties. Senator representing Plateau North, Sen. Istifanus Gyang, laid the petition before the Senate on April 29. Mr Umar, who appeared before the committee asked the panel to give him one week to study the detailed petition which was served on him at the session to enable him respond appropriately. Chairman of the Committee, Akinyelure said even though the Senate would proceed on a two-week break on Thursday, the Committee was prepared to reconvene during the break to hear the respondent, Umar. A viral five-minute video had captured Umar and the guard having an altercation at the Banex Plaza, in Abuja. Umar had in a statement denied the allegation and claimed that contrary to the content of a circulated video, he was a victim of an assault by people who chanted “secessionist and sectional slogans”.  Source The Senate on Tuesday referred a petition against chairman of the Code of Conduct Tribunal (CCT) Danladi Umar over alleged assault on a guard, Clement Sagwak, at Banex Plaza, Wuse 2, Abuja. The incident occurred on March 29, 2021. Sagwak had also petitioned the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) to… In "Features" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Senate on Tuesday, waded into assault allegations leveled against the Chairman of the Code of Conduct Tribunal, Danladi Umar in a petition received to that effect. The Petition was brought to the floor by Senator Istifanus Gyang (PDP, Plateau North).  Accordingly, the Senate… In "Top Stories" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - In what appeared to be a move to get even with the chairman of the Code of Conduct Tribunal (CCT), Mr. Danladi Umar, for trying the Senate President, Senator Abubakar Bukola Saraki, on alleged false declaration of assets, the Senate on Thursday commenced the process of… In "News"