The Economic and Financial Crime Commission (EFCC) has invited officials of People’s Democratic Party (PDP) for questioning over alleged criminal conspiracy, abuse of office, diversion of funds and fraud.  This is coming barely a month after a chieftain in the PDP, Kazeem Afegbua, petitioned the anti-graft agency to scrutinise the Secondus-led National Working Committee on financial misappropriation. In the letter of invitation dated May 17, 2021, and addressed to the Prince Uche Secondus, the EFCC said the need to obtain certain clarification from the party has become imperative. The agency, however, requested the party’s National chairman to release the National Auditor, National Organising Secretary and Director of Finance to report at the EFCC headquarters from May 19th to 21st 2021. The agency also requested the national officers to honor the invitation with relevant documents relating to sole of forms into the party’s elective positions from January 2017 to date. Kazeem had in his petition alleged that much of the financial transactions of the PDP under Prince Uche Secondus has been shrouded in mystery, accusing the leadership of deliberate attempt to shortchange the party in the build up to the 2023 general elections. However, Secondus had since denied the allegation and filed a N1 billion suit against the petitioner, Kazeem Afegbua.  Text from Daily Trust ABUJA - The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has invited Ali Modu Sheriff, former national chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), for questioning. Sheriff was invited in connection with the 2015 PDP presidential campaign funds, for which Femi Fani-Kayode, former aviation minister, is being investigated. If Sheriff honours… In "News" Abuja - The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) on Thursday challenged the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) to also go after the corrupt leaders and members of the All Progressive Congress (APC). The Acting National Chairman of PDP, Prince Uche Secondus, gave the challenge when he received a delegation of… In "News" ABUJA - The former acting chairman of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP), Prince Uche Secondus has been arrested by the Economic and Financial Crimes (EFCC).‎ Although details of his arrest are still sketchy, a source said that Secondus was arrested on Tuesday over allegations of money used to buy some… In "News"