….Atiku says it’s a dark day for the nation By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja – The Nigerian Army has announced the death of its Chief of Army Staff, Lieutenant General Ibrahim Attahiru in a plane crash on Friday evening. The Army disclosed this in a statement signed by the Director Army Public Relations, Brigadier General Mohammed Yerima released via it’s official twitter handle. According to the tweet,  the sad event occurred following an air crash in Kaduna which also claimed the lives of 10 other officers including the crew. “The COAS was enroute Kaduna from Abuja on Friday, 21 May, 2021 when the unfortunate incident happened’. The Army said details of the sad incident and burial arrangements will be communicated soon. Similarly, the former Vice President Atiku Abubakar has reacted to the death of the Chief of Army Staff, Ibrahim Attahiru and ten other officers, saying it’s a dark day for the nation. Atiku who said the death of the army officers sends a rude shock across Nigeria and our friends worldwide, stated this via his twitter handle and said: “It is a dark day for the nation. The loss of COAS Major Gen. Ibrahim Attahiru and others today sends a rude shock across Nigeria and our friends worldwide. “I sympathise with the Commander-in-Chief and our armed forces on this sad development. May the Attahiru family and other affected families be comforted, and their memories be a blessing. •Lt. Gen Ibrahim Attahiru By Sumaila Ogbaje ABUJA - The Nigerian Army has confirmed death of its Chief, Lt.-Gen. Ibrahim Attahiru and 10 others, in an ill-fated NAF aircraft near Kaduna International Airport on Friday, saying he was a highly decorated officer. The Director, Army Public Relations, Brig.-Gen. Mohammed Yerima,… In "Top Stories" •Late Chief of Army Staff, Lt.-Gen Ibrahim Attahiru By Lizzy Okoji ABUJA - The Kogi State Governor, Yahaya Bello has described as ‘shocking’ the death of the Chief of Army Staff, Lt.- Gen. Ibrahim Attahiru who died in an ill-fated plane crash on Friday. Bello made this known in a… In "Top Stories" Abuja - The ill fated military jet that crashed on Friday in Kaduna has top military officers in the entourage of the General Ibrahim Attahiru on board. The plane crashed close to Kaduna airport where the late Chief of Army Staff was billed to commission a project in one of… In "Top Stories"