The Management of Kaduna Electric has said that the current total power blackout in Kaduna State was due to the ongoing five-day warning strike embarked by labour unions in the state.  Abdulazeez Abdullahi, Head of Corporate Communication of the company made the announcement in a statement issued on Sunday in Kaduna. “In compliance with the NLC directive, the Transmission Company of Nigeria, TCN has knocked off all our 33KV lines in Kaduna State. “Consequently, we are appealing to all communities, security agencies and vigilante groups to be vigilant so that men of underworld will not cash in on the situation to vandalise power supply installations. “Any suspicious movement around distribution sub-stations (transformers) should be reported to the relevant security agency”, he said. He stated that it is the collective responsibility of citizens to protect critical national assets in their neighborhood. Abdullahi added that the company appeals to both labour unions and Kaduna State Government “to strive at an amicable resolution for normalcy to return”. (NAN) •NLC President Ayuba Wabba leading out workers on a protest By JOAN NWAGWU The Nigeria Labour Congress says it will withdraw services from both public and private organisations in Kaduna State for five days to protest mass sack of workers by the state government. The NLC President, Mr Ayuba Wabba… In "News" Abuja -  The Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) said on Monday that it would not relent in its agitation for a reverse of the increase in electricity tariff until government listened and acted. The Chairman of NLC, Sokoto state chapter, Mr Aminu Muhammad stated this during the nationwide peaceful protest against… In "Top Stories" Abuja- As workers in Borno State urged full implementation of all their demands, their counterparts in Plateau have threatened to go on strike, if the state government failed to meet their ultimatum. These demands come against the background of the 2015 Workers Day celebration across the country. Mr Titus Abana, the… In "News"