The minority caucus in the House of Representatives has said it is alarmed by the gruesome killing of Adamawa State-born Ahmed Gulak, a former Special Adviser on Political Matters to former President Goodluck Jonathan, by gunmen in Owerri, the Imo State capital on Sunday.  According to the caucus, insecurity is now worse in Imo State after the All Progressives Congress began to govern the state. The caucus, in a statement issued by the Minority Leader of the House, Ndudi Elumelu, described the assassination of Gulak as “wicked and barbaric”, urging the police and other security agencies to fish out the assailants. The statement was titled ‘Reps Minority Caucus Alarmed, Condemns Gulak’s Killing…Demands Justice.’ The opposition lawmakers said, “We urge that those behind this assassination be immediately made to face the full wrath of the law. Moreover, the minority caucus is heavily disturbed by the worsening insecurity, violence and killings in Imo, particularly since the All Progressives Congress administration took over the state. “As representatives of the people, our caucus believes that the situation has gone beyond the capacity of the government of Imo State, especially given its failure to gain control since inception. “The Minority caucus, therefore, urges urgent security and constitutional steps to check rising violent activities, restore law and order and bring the tense situation in the state under control. “Our caucus condoles with the Gulak family over the sad incident and further urges Nigerians to remain alert and continue to pray for God’s divine intervention for our nation at this trying time.”  Source •Late Ahmed Gulak ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The Northern Youth Council of Nigeria (NYCN) has warned that it will declare Imo State Governor, Senator Hope Uzodinma, a persona non grata in the entire northern soil, if killers of a former presidential aide, Ahmed Gulak, are not brought to book. It… In "Top Stories" By EricJames Ochigbo Abuja - Minority parties in the House of Representatives have condoled with the Inspector-General of Police over the alleged killing of three intelligence officers by military personnel in Taraba State. In a statement by the Minority Leader of the house, Rep. Ndudi Elumelu in Abuja on Friday,… In "News" The Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, has said it has no hands in the death of a former presidential aide, Ahmed Gulak. Gulak was assassinated by gunmen whilst on his way to Sam Mbakwe Airport in Owerri, Imo State, yesterday. Shortly after the news broke, Bala Elkana, the spokesman of… In "Features"