Fiery priest and Spiritual Director of Adoration ministry Enugu, Rev. Fr. Ejike Mbaka has announced a one-month close down over his suspension.  This decision may not be unconnected to the order given to him by the Catholic Bishop of Enugu Diocese, Bishop Calistus Onaga. The ministry sent out a Tuesday morning alerting members that Fr. Mbaka was proceeding on a one-month private prayer retreat. It read: “Our Spiritual Director, Rev Fr Ejike Mbaka wishes to inform his beloved adorers that he has embarked on a private prayer retreat that will end on 10th June 2021. “Consequently, no ministry activities shall be held in the ministry ground pending his return. “He directs that members of the ministry are to observe this period of his retreat as they used to do during the usual January breaks of the ministry, by praying at their homes, being charitable and fasting according to their ability. Adoration! Holy Spirit is our Power.” facebook sharing buttontwitter sharing buttonpinterest sharing buttonemail sharing buttonlinkedin sharing buttonwhatsapp sharing button   News Express The Spiritual Director of the Adoration Ministry Enugu Nigeria, Rev. Fr. Ejike Mbaka, has disclosed that he was held hostage by the authorities of the Enugu Catholic Diocese for the two days he went incommunicado. Mbaka disclosed this when he spoke with his parishioners on Wednesday at the Adoration Ground,… In "News" According to a report by Punch Metro, the Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Rev. Fr. Ejike Mbaka, on Tuesday, said he spent an average of $2m monthly on charity. The Catholic priest disclosed this while presenting N18.8m bank draft to the management of the Annunciation Specialist Hospital, Enugu, on… In "News" The Catholic Diocese of Enugu has finally broken its silence on the controversy surrounding the disappearance of Rev. Fr. Ejike Mbaka. According to the diocese, followers of Mbaka invaded the Bishop’s Court and the Holy Ghost Cathedral Church destroying valuable properties. The church therefore called for prayers and cleansing. Recall… In "Features"