Lai Mohammed, the Minister of Information and Culture, on Tuesday, has stated that the prosecution of bandits is not the responsibility of the Federal Government because it is not a federal offence.  Mohammed said this at a press conference in Abuja. He was responding to statements credited to the opposition Peoples Democratic Party on the security challenges facing the country. The minister said, “The PDP alleged that kidnappers and bandits are not being brought to justice. This is apparently aimed at the Federal Government. “It is shocking that a party that ruled this nation for all of 16 years does not know that kidnapping and banditry are not federal offences. “The PDP should therefore call out the states, including those being controlled by it, to ensure a rigorous prosecution of arrested kidnappers and bandits. “Meanwhile, PDP conveniently forgot that as far as terrorism, a federal offence, is concerned, this Federal Government has successfully prosecuted thousands of Boko Haram members in Kainji, as part of a continuing exercise. We are now seeking the cooperation of the judiciary to continue with the trial of arrested terrorists.”  Source The Federal Government has accused the International Criminal Court, ICC, and Amnesty International, AI, of becoming part of the country’s security challenges by attacking the country’s security forces and threatening them with prosecution. The Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, made the accusation in his a parley with… In "News" Abuja {Sundiata Post} -  Federal Government on Monday assured that the gale of defection in the nation’s party politics will not shield any corrupt politician from investigation and prosecution.   The Minister of Information and Culture, Lai Mohammed, gave the assurance when he paid an official visit to the Abuja… In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The opposition Peoples Democrat­ic Party (PDP) has told the All Progress­ives Congress (APC)-­led Federal Governme­nt that it would alwa­ys reply its lies wi­th facts and continue to be firm on the side of the people as always. The party also told the Minister of Information and… In "Local News"