Lagos –  National Chairman, Nigeria Football Supporters’ Club (NFSC), Samuel Ikpea, on Saturday congratulated the Minister of Youth and Sports Development, Chief Sunday Dare, on his 55th birthday. In a statement made available to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos, Ikpea congratulated the minister, saying that members of the foremost supporters club in the country are happy to identify with him. According to the NFSC chairman, the club joined other well-wishers and admirers to felicitateDare for his sterling qualities and exploits in the sports arena. “Since you became the youth and sports minister, your foray into sportsadministration in the nation is outstanding, and your achievements so far have been remarkable. “You have proven that you are an uncommon administrator and a true lover of sports no doubt. “May this birthday usher you into greater achievements for our nation as we pray that God grants you good health, prosperity and wisdom to do more exploits in Jesus name,” said. (NAN) By Millicent Ifeanyichukwu Lagos - The Nigerian Football Supporters Club (NFSC) has called on President Muhammadu Buhari to give more attention to the sports sector, to promote unity in the country. Samuel Ikpea, the NFSC chairman made the call in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in… In "Sports" By Millicent Ifeanyichukwu Lagos - Samuel Ikpea, the National Chairman of the Nigeria Football Supporters Club (NFSC), has praised ex-international football star, Osaze Odemwingie, as he retires from active football. Ikpea said that Odemwingie, a former Super Eagles attacking midfielder, took the right step, adding that he knew when to… In "Sports" Lagos - Rev. Samuel Ikpea, the Secretary, Nigeria Football Supporters Club (NFSC), on Tuesday urged Nigerians to insist that the incumbent executive of Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) be sacked over what he called ``non-performance''. ``If Nigerians do not insist on his resignation now, missing out of 2018 World Cup is… In "Sports"