Abuja –  The Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) has appointed Nigeria’s former president Goodluck Jonathan as chairman of the ECOWAS Council of the Wise. ECOWAS disclosed the appointments in a statement published on its website after a two-day meeting which ended on May 25, 2021, in Ghana. As special envoy, Jonathan had helped ECOWAS to facilitate dialogue with all principal stakeholders in Mali’s leadership crisis. According to Jonathan’s media office, the former president’s mediation efforts led to the release of the interim President of Mali, Bah Ndaw and Prime Minister, Moctar Ouane, by the country’s military. While Jonathan was appointed chairman, former Executive Secretary of the Mano River Union of Guinea, Madam Hadja Saran Daraba was named vice-chairman of the ECOWAS Council of the Wise – a supportive organ with a mandate to bring peace and stability among member states. According to ECOWAS, the council which was established in 1999 had been lying dormant for years, but was reconstituted lately due to the recent socio-political crisis across the region. Among the topical challenges bedeviling the West Africa region including Nigeria are terrorism and social unrest. On her part, the Minister of Foreign Affairs and Regional Integration of Ghana, Ms Shirley Ayorkor Botchway, urged the new leadership of the council to “assist ECOWAS in delivering on its peace and stability mandate as a necessary condition for continuous development and regional integration efforts.” Source The newly sworn in President of Mali’s transition government Mr. Bah N’daw has heaped encomiums on the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) mediator and former President Dr. Goodluck Ebele Jonathan for the roles he played towards restoring normalcy in Mali, following a protracted socio-political crisis in the country.… In "Top Stories" •Dr Goodluck Jonathan BAMAKO - Leaders of Mali’s military have released interim president Bah Ndaw and Prime Minister Moctar Ouane from detention following intervention from former President Goodluck Jonathan who is the mediator of the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS)  in Mali. The former President had travelled to… In "Top Stories" President Muhammadu Buhari has disclosed that Heads of State and Government of the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) might be meeting soon over developments in the Republic of Mali. Buhari disclosed this on Monday at the State House after receiving briefing from ECOWAS Special Envoy to Mali, former… In "News"