A sense of normalcy was regained in France and Austria on Wednesday as the two countries took big steps to turn the page on the pandemic by rolling back a slew of COVID-19 restrictions.  Austrian Chancellor Sebastian Kurz described his country’s moves as the starting point for “our fight back to normal”. “Starting from May 19, we must rediscover our French way of life”, French President Emmanuel Macron, who locked down the country in October as a second wave of cases grew, said recently of the changes. France’s famed restaurant terraces and outdoor cafes could open again with capacity restrictions in place. Non-essential shops, cultural venues and cinemas can also now welcome a limited number of patrons. A greater freedom of movement was also allowed with France’s Coronavirus evening curfew now starting by 9 pm instead of 7 pm. Austria’s lockdown has been tightened and loosened at various points over the past six months, but starting from Wednesday, bars and hotels are allowed to reopen a move that should help jump-start the country’s key tourism sector. Theatres, cinemas, museums and gyms will also be able to receive visitors again. Many non-essential shops and services had been open since February. For many of the venues reopening, however, patrons must provide evidence they have been vaccinated, tested negative or recovered from the virus. There are also still capacity restrictions and limits to the number of people who can gather. “The curve of those infected with Coronavirus points steeply downwards, the curve of those who have been vaccinated steeply upwards,’’ Kurz said about why Austria was able to ease up.  (dpa/NAN) Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The United States marked the New Year on Friday by passing the extraordinary milestone of 20 million Covid-19 cases, after global celebrations welcoming in 2021 were largely muted by the pandemic. The US has floundered in its efforts to quell the virus, which is spreading rapidly… In "Top Stories" •A group of police and soldiers patrol the Docklands area of Melbourne on August 2, 2020, after the announcement of new restrictions to curb the spread of the COVID-19 coronavirus.   AFP Australia imposed an overnight curfew on its second-biggest city Sunday and banned people from moving more than five kilometres… In "Foreign" As the Federal Government begins the second phase of the four weeks easing of the lockdown to open up some economic and social activities, the evacuation of Nigerians abroad has been suspended until a new policy on mandatory supervised isolation of persons arriving the country is completed. Also, prior arrangements… In "News"