Yoruba Nation agitator, Sunday Adeyemo popularly known as Sunday Igboho, has arrived Osogbo, the capital of Osun State, to join other agitators who had stormed the streets at the early hours of Saturday. “Igboho stormed the capital city with many of his supporters in his convoy. “He arrived around 1:40 pm,” says a report by The Nation. As earlier reported, scores of youths under the aegis of Omo Oduduwa United have stormed the streets of Osogbo capital of Osun State to agitate for the Yoruba nation. The protesters converged on November 27 bridge in the Africa area, Osogbo for the protest. They marched from the November 27 bridge through Ogo-Oluwa, Aregbe junction, Fakunle, Ola-Iya and Odi Olowo areas. The protesters carried placards, banners chanting secession songs and distributing handbills to people along the streets. They are heading to Nelson Mandela Freedom Park, Old Garage. The Nation had reported there was heavy security presence in major junctions of Osogbo as men of DSS, Police, JTF, Amotekun and other local operatives were on the ground. Alhaji Saliu Abdulkadir, the Seriki Fulani of Oyo State, on Saturday said none of his children was killed in the alleged attack by youths on his Igangan settlement, SaharaReporters reports. SaharaReporters also learnt on Saturday evening that the attack on the Seriki's house happened shortly after a pro-Oodua Republic agitator,… In "News" Right Yoruba activist Sunday Adeyemo aka Sunday Igboho has declared he has 100 percent confidence in former Minister of Aviation Femi Fani-Kayode. His comment may not unconnected with the exchange of words between Fani-Kayode and the Oodua Peoples Congress(OPC) over whether or not the suspected Fulani warlord Iskilu Wakili in… In "News" •Photo courtesy of The Nation  One of the houses of Yoruba rights activist, Chief Sunday Adeyemo a.k.a Sunday Igboho in Soka, Ibadan, capital of Oyo State, has been burnt down by suspected arsonists, according to a breaking news by The Nation. The incident was said to have occurred in the… In "Top Stories"