Top socialite, businessman, and nightlife connoisseur, Hon. Shina Abiola Peller is not your regular lawmaker.  During his campaigning for his current office, where he represents Iseyin/Itesiwaju/Kajola/Iwajowa federal constituency in Oyo State at the House of Representatives, he went with the mantle of making a difference and bringing a change to the political atmosphere in Nigeria while fostering the inclusion of youth in politics. Since assuming his current position, Peller has remained a fresh gust of summer wind in the green chambers, constantly bursting with progressive ideas laced with unrelenting energy to proportionate and firing those ideas for the betterment of lives in the country. The son of foremost magician Professor Peller seems to have come of age in celebration of his 45th birthday which would be devoid of the normal attention and fanfare. Those who know him years back before delving into politics would attest to the fact that his birthday is always like a movie with many scenes, suspense, and catharsis. His friends would have been getting set for a mother of all birthday shindig, most especially, today being a weekend. He would be getting set to shut the city of Lagos down and his nightclub Quliox on Victoria Island would have been a rendezvous point for the top artists, socialites, and heavy spenders. However, this year seems different as the lawmaker would not be throwing the regular soiree or any party for that matter. Instead, he has chosen to focus on the ills militating against the society, using the occasion of his birthday as a solution-finding exploration for the issues facing Nigeria, with a symposium themed: “National Security and Peace: Roles of Government, Citizens, and Institutions”, holding today in Ibadan, Oyo State. The event would gather everyone, who matters in society from the political class to the private sector, the traditional institution, and the media who will all come together to mull options and proffer solutions for the country.  Source Lagos state - House of Representatives member and owner of popular Lagos nightclub Quilox, Shina Peller has broken silence on his arrest by the Lagos state police command. It was reported that Peller was granted bail few hours after his case was transferred to the State Criminal Investigation and Intelligence… In "News" Lagos State - The Lagos State Police Command has given reasons why it arrested and detained a House of Representatives member, Shina Peller. The state Police Public Relations Officer, Bala Elkana, said Peller’s club, Quilox, was fond of obstructing free flow of traffic.  He explained that the lawmaker had been warned many… In "News" Ibrahim Abdulazeez Iseyin (Oyo state) - A member of the House of Representatives, Mr Shina Peller, on Friday, urged the leadership of the National Assembly to call for an emergency session to address the challenges of attacks on Nigerians in some parts of South Africa. The lawmaker, who spoke in… In "Politics"