A former member of the Senate, who represented Kogi West, Dino Melaye, has called on the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), to address Nigerians, especially on the issue of security in the nation.  Melaye spoke Friday while featuring on AIT Focus Nigeria programme monitored by The PUNCH. He stated, “In terms of interaction, we voted for President Muhammadu Buhari, not Garba Shehu. We want to hear ‘president said’ not ‘presidency said’. “President Buhari needs to speak to us directly, he needs to commune with Nigeria, he needs to converse with the media.” The former senator stated that the solution to Nigeria’s insecurity is for the National Assembly to become “born again” and impeach the President. He said, “The solution to this problem is simple, either the National Assembly become born again and impeach the President or the President agree that he is medically, physically, and politically incapacitated and then hand in the towel.” Melaye, who is also a chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party, believed that after the impeachment of the President, the country could go on to reform its security architecture, hold conferences, and start finding ways to get out of the security crisis.  Source ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - Senator Dino Melaye, on Saturday in Abuja opened a new chapter in the trial of the Senate President, Dr. Bukola Saraki, at the Code of Conduct Tribunal over alleged falsification in his assets declaration, saying it would end in the Supreme Court. According to him, the… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) Senate has called on President Muhammadu Buhari to rescind his position in withholding assent on the bill establishing the Peace Corps of Nigeria.   The call followed the adoption of a Point of Order raised by Sen. Dino Melaye during plenary on Wednesday.  … In "Top Stories" By Ikenna Uwadileke   Abuja   -      The Senate on Wednesday urged President Muhammadu Buhari to review his position in withholding assent on the bill to establish Peace Corps of Nigeria. This followed the adoption of a Point of Order raised by Sen. Dino Melaye during plenary. Relying… In "News"