The Nigerian Army has said it neutralised 11 members of the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra, who launched an attack on the police command of the Orlu Local Government Area of Imo State on Thursday night.  Director Army Public Relations, Brigadier General, Mohammed Yerima, in a statement on Friday, said the assailants were members of IPOB’s Eastern Security Network. The statement was titled, ‘Security Forces Foil Another Attack On Police Area Command In Imo State…Eleven IPOB/ESN Terrorists Neutralised, Arms, Ammunition, Operational Vehicles Recovered’. It read, “A gang of IPOB/ESN terrorists mounted in vehicles on Thursday, 6 May 2021, stormed Orlu town with intention to attack the compound housing the Area Command and Police Station in Orlu LGA of Imo State. “The attackers were resisted by vigilant police personnel at the Area Command and were completely obliterated when a reinforcement team of the Nigerian Army and Nigerian Air Force arrived the scene. “The assailants who have been on the radar of the Joint Technical Intelligence Team were said to have come from a Forest Camp in Ideato North LGA of Imo State from where they mobilised and planned the failed attack. Attacks: Army begins show of force in Imo“Following the encounter, eleven IPOB/ESN Terrorists were neutralised while four AK47, one G3 and one pump action rifles as well as a berretta pistol, charms and assorted ammunitions were recovered. All the seven operational vehicles used for the attack were demobilised and as such the remaining terrorists escaped on foot with fatal injuries. “There were no casualties on the side of the security forces. “Law abiding citizens in the area are advised to look out for strange persons with gunshot injuries and report same to the nearest security agency for the safety of their communities. “The Nigerian Army remains committed to a united Nigeria that is safe for all law abiding citizens and will continue to support the Police in maintaining internal security. “The general public is once again enjoined to support the security forces with useful and timely information that will help eliminate the security threats in their communities.” The Federal Government had in 2017 outlawed IPOB, a secessionist group from the South-East led by Nnamdi Kanu, as a terrorist group.  Source THE proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) on Tuesday justified the clash between its security outfit – the Eastern Security Network (ESN) – and the military. It also claimed that five residents of Okporo community in Orlu Local Government Area of Imo State were killed when ESN men clashed with… In "Features" In what appeared to be a well-planned attack, about a dozen men armed with AK 47 and grenades on Saturday killed about eight people, including three security personnel, and set the country home of Governor Hope Uzodinma of Imo State at Omuma, Oru East Local Government Area of the state… In "News" The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has denied that its outfit, the Eastern Security Network (ESN) attacked the Imo State police headquarters and the Correctional Centre in Owerri on Monday as well as the killing of the 4 northern traders in Umuaka, Orlu. In a statement by the media and… In "News"