The Federal Government has kicked against the bill seeking to scrap the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC), saying it has commenced moves to reform the scheme.  The Nation reports the scheme has come under heavy criticism of late because of the deteriorating security situation in the country. The bill, sponsored by Awaji Abiante, a lawmaker from Rivers State last week has reached the second reading in the House of Representatives. Abiante seeks to use the bill to amend section 315 (1)(a) of the 1999 constitution. He argued that NYSC should be scrapped because the scheme has failed to address the essence of its establishment. Read Also; Mixed reactions as bill seeking to scrap NYSC reaches second readingBut reacting, Minister of Youth and Sports Development, Sunday Dare, in a post on his official Twitter page said NYSC is one of the greatest tools for National development for Nigerian youths. Dare stated that dynamic reforms and initiatives towards the current realities are ongoing, adding that the Buhari-led administration is committed to sustaining the scheme. “The NYSC scheme remains one of the greatest tools for National development for our youth. “The commitment of the government to sustaining the NYSC scheme remains. Dynamic Reforms and Initiatives towards current realities are ongoing. Nigeria will stand with her youth,” he tweeted. The bill, which is a constitution alteration bill, will have to go through second reading, committee stage, the committee of the whole, third reading, concurrence with Senate and passage by two-third of the Houses of Assembly in states before a final assent by the President.  Source By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Minister of Sports and Youth Development, Sunday Dare has debunked the news making rounds that the NYSC scheme will be scrapped. Dare who stated the federal government’s position has assured that the NYSC scheme remains one of the greatest tools for National… In "Top Stories" Sunday Dare, the Minister of Youths and Sports Development, has dismissed reports claiming the NYSC scheme is set to be scrapped. Two days ago, it was widely speculated that the one-year mandatory scheme for all graduates will be scrapped following the second reading of a bill in the House of… In "News" ABUJA - The House of Representatives on Thursday in Abuja passed for second reading a bill seeking an improved welfare package for members of the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC). The bill seeks to amend the NYSC Act No 51 of 1993 by making provisions to enhance the welfare of… In "News"