President Muhammadu Buhari is chairing a security meeting at the State House, Abuja.  The meeting, which started at 10am, is taking place at the Conference Hall of the Office of the First Lady. It is expected the meeting would review the current security situation in the country and proffer solutions. The briefing is a follow up on the previous other meetings on Friday, April 30th and Monday, 4th of May. Among those who attended the meeting were the Vice President Yemi Osinbajo; the Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF), Mr Boss Mustapha; the Chief of Staff to the President, Professor Ibrahim Gambari; and the National Security Adviser (NSA), Major-General Babagana Monguno. Attorney-General and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami; Minister of Foreign Affairs, Geoffrey Onyema; Minister of Defense, Major-General Bashir Salihi Magashi (Rtd.) and Minister of Interior, Ogbeni Rauf Aregbesola were also at the meeting. Others were the Chief of Defense Staff, General Lucky Irabor; Chief of Army Staff, Lieutenant-General Ibrahim Attahiru; Chief of Naval Staff, Vice Admiral Awwal Zubairu; and the Chief of Air Staff, Air Marshal Ishiaka Oladayo Amoo. The acting Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Usman Alkali Baba; Director-General of the Department of State Services (DSS), Yusuf Magaji Bichi; Director-General of the National Intelligence Agency (NIA), Ahmed Rufai Abubakar; and Chief of Defence Intelligence, Major-General Samuel Adebayo, were also in attendance. Details shortly…  Source President Muhammadu Buhari has ordered the reengineering of the nation’s entire security apparatus. This is according to the National Security Adviser (NSA), Babagana Monguno. Mr. Monguno briefed journalists on Tuesday after the third National Security Council meeting in 2020 chaired by President Buhari at the Presidential Villa in Abuja. The… In "Top Stories" Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  President Muhammadu Buhari is presiding over the 10th virtual Federal Executive Council (FEC) meeting at the State House in Abuja. The meeting, which started at 10am with rendition of the national anthem, also observed a minute silence in honour of the father of Kwara Governor, Abdulganiyu… In "News" President Muhammadu Buhari is presiding over the continuation of a security meeting at the Presidential Villa, Abuja. The meeting, which was summoned by Buhari last Friday, was adjourned to Tuesday Those at the meeting are Vice President Yemi Osinbajo; Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Boss Mustapha and Chief… In "Top Stories"