Gas explosion on Thursday rocked the sprawling Olusegun Obasanjo Presidential Library (OOPL), Abeokuta, Ogun State, with two persons feared dead and tens of others panic-stricken.  This is coming about 48 hours after a similar gas explosion occurred in former governor Gbenga Daniel’s Conference Hotel, Abeokuta, located opposite OOPL and leaving two persons, including 300Level student of Tai Solarin University of Education, Olamide Bakare dead. The Nation learnt that the explosion in OOPL occurred around 11am at the Macque event centre within the Presidential Library. One of the gas cylinders kept in the event centre exploded, throwing the staff into shock and pandemonium. Unauthorized person who said he witnessed the incident, said rescuers dashed to the scene shortly after the explosion and evacuated both the dead and the living. The gates leading to the OOPL facility were seen under lock and key and no official source to confirm or disprove the explosion despite attempts to get such reaction. However, sources close to the OOPL say the Management will issue a statement soon. Source Former President, Olusegun Obasanjo and the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, National Caretaker Chairman, Ahmed Makarfi, are currently in a closed-door meeting. The meeting is said to be holding in Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. The parley whose agenda is unknown is taking place at the Green Legacy Hotel and Resort,… In "Politics" An infant and two other persons yesterday died in Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital, when a gas component of a faulty refrigerator exploded. The blast resulted in a fire which burnt the three persons to death. A technician was repairing the fridge when the accident occurred, it was learnt. The… In "News" By Olawale Jokotoye Abeokuta - Former President Olusegun Obasanjo on Saturday held a closed-door meeting with chieftains of political parties and security agencies ahead of the general elections in Ogun. The meeting,  which was held at the Olusegun Obasanjo Presidential Library (OOPL) in Abeokuta,  lasted about two hours and was… In "News"