The Nigerian Army has dismissed reports about Boko Haram terrorists distributing Ramadan gifts and cash to residents of Yobe and Borno States respectively.  It described the reports propaganda, coined to mislead the public. It insisted that the report was directed at playing down on the recent defeats suffered by the terrorists, adding that, “it is a notorious fact that the terrorists at various times have made several attempts to make the lives of the residents of these states miserable through the Ramadan season which were met with overwhelming response from the troops of Operation Hadin Kai.” Director Army Public Relations Brigadier General Mohammed Yerima, in a statement, observed that after critical analysis of the report by experts, it was discovered that there was no substance in the publication. According to the statement, “the attention of the Nigerian Army (NA) has been drawn to an ill-informed publication by an online news medium Sahara Reporters of 11 May, 2021 where it was alleged that Boko Haram, the Islamic State West Africa Province had distributed Ramadan welfare packages to some residents of Borno and Yobe States. “The article went on to give breakdown of the food items distributed including cash which the publisher alleged was meant to entice the locals to join the terrorists ranks. The article then switched to speak on the 2019 report of International Crisis Group which tended to pour encomiums on the terrorists recruitment system since breaking away from the Abubakar Shekau’s faction. Unfortunately the article did not mention any specific location where the alleged distribution took place. “The NA being a professional organisation decided to look at the article with every seriousness with a view to making intelligence out of it. However, our analysis established that there was nothing substantial about the claim except that it was a hurriedly packaged piece of propaganda that was meant to distract the populace from the recent defeats being suffered by the terrorists.  “It is a notorious fact that the terrorists at various times have made several attempts to make the lives of the residents of these states miserable through the Ramadan season which were met with overwhelming response from the troops of Operation Hadin Kai. The most recent of such being their failure to sneak into Maiduguri on 11 May, 2021 same day this ill-conceived article was published. The fate of the terrorists that made that audacious attempt is already a public knowledge.”  Source Abuja -  The Nigerian Army on Saturday, confirmed the arrest of another suspected Boko Haram terrorist, whose picture was released alongside 99 others on the Army’s wanted list of terrorists. This is contained in a statement made available to newsmen on Saturday in Abuja by the acting Army spokesman, Col.… In "Top Stories" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The Nigerian Army has announced plans for an indefinite closure of identified markets alleged to be trading and aiding Boko Haram terrorists with logistic supplies in Borno and Yobe States. This was announced on Tuesday in a statement by the Director of Army Public Relations (DAPR),… In "Top Stories" Multiple attacks by insurgents in Dikwa and Marte towns in Dikwa and Marte local government areas of Borno State forced over 100 troops to desert the Nigerian Army, THISDAY checks have revealed. The insurgents have attacked Dikwa four times since the beginning of the year, on January 30, February 20,… In "Top Stories"