Israel’s escalating conflict with the Palestinians saw several airlines on Thursday suspend services to the Jewish state amid global alarm and diplomatic efforts to halt the spiralling violence. – KLM – Dutch airline KLM has halted flights to Israel for the time being, Dutch public broadcaster NOS said. A flight from Amsterdam’s Schiphol airport that was postponed earlier in the week due to the violence has been cancelled for good and KLM is deciding whether a flight due on Sunday can go ahead, NOS said. – BA, Virgin – British Airways cancelled its service to and from Tel Aviv on Thursday and Virgin Atlantic also did the same for Thursday and Friday. Both airlines said they are monitoring the situation closely. – Lufthansa – Germany’s flag carrier cancelled flights for Thursday and Friday, adding: “Lufthansa expects to resume its flight operations to Israel beginning Saturday, May 15.” – Aeroflot – Aeroflot cancelled its Moscow-Tel Aviv flight for Friday but did not specify if others would be cancelled in the coming days. – Iberia – The Spanish airline cancelled its flight Madrid to Tel Aviv for Thursday and Friday-Saturday’s return leg. An Iberia spokeswoman told AFP: “We will take further decisions based on the evolution of the situation.” – US airlines – United, which operates 18 flight weekly to Israel, said it was suspending operations. Delta and American Airlines also confirmed they have suspended services between New York and Tel Aviv. – LOT – The Polish airline said it had “suspended flights to Israel for the moment”. Spokesman Krzysztof Moczulski added: “I suppose that we will not be flying there in the coming days”. AFP KLM Royal Dutch Airlines (KLM) says it is pulling out of Zimbabwe and Zambia citing difficult operating environment in the two southern African nations. “We think the fees are too high for an economical and profitable operation, we think they can come down,” said KLM’s vice president Pieter Bootsma. “Recent… In "Business" LAGOS - Airlines using the Murtala Muhammed Airport, Lagos, as operational hub have resumed flight services to various degrees following the ease up of violence in certain areas of the country during the hijacked #EndSARS peaceful protest.   Airlines using Lagos as their hub points on Wednesday and Thursday announced… In "Top Stories" Washington - A host of major airlines said on Friday that their planes are no longer flying over the Strait of Hormuz, after Iranian forces shot down a U.S. drone in the area. Lufthansa, Germany’s largest airline, said the re-routing began on Thursday with a decision to have the planes… In "Foreign"