Governor Hope Uzodimma of Imo State has said that the reason behind the renovation on some integrated farms in Imo was not for Rural Grazing Area (RUGA) purposes.  Contrary to speculations that the Imo State Government was planning to use the so-called farms for RUGA, the Governor said those behind such insinuations are simply enemies of the people who do not want the government to take steps to tackle the mounting youth employment facing Imo. Recently, Governor Uzodimma moved to revive some integrated farms in the state such as Achara-Ubo Farm in Emekukwu, Songhai Farm in Nekede and the Avutu Poultry farm in Obowo. But no sooner did a government contractor move into one of the farms than speculation became rife that the government had started RUGA implementation in the state for Fulani herdsmen settlement. At Achara-Ubo Farm in Emekukwu, for instance, youths and other Ubowalla Community members had taken to the streets to protest the cleaning of the Farm by the contractor and even ended up locking the place. However, in dispelling the rumour, Governor Uzodimma said he was not only concerned about the youths who needed to be properly engaged, but the potentials inherit in renovating, rehabilitating and reviving the now prostrate Achara-Ubo Farm. The Governor therefore advised Imo indigenes to dwell less on rumour-mongering, particularly when the channels to obtain accurate information on government intentions are available. He said that the army of youths in Imo State who roam about the streets as a result of not being properly engaged was enough to worry any responsible government, noting that what is required now is a government that thinks outside the box to fix our problems. Governor Uzodimma further admonished Imolites – Traditional Rulers, Town Unions, Youths, market men and women, religious leaders – to join hands with his government to make Imo State a better place for all. He regretted that recourse to rumour-mongering and idle speculations has caused more harm to Imo, noting before now, the state was peaceful. He urged all and sundry to join hands with his administration to return Imo State to that status and even lift it higher on development.  Source Traditional rulers in the three local governments in Mbaise – Abboh, Ahiazu and Ezinihitte Mbaise – have appealed to Imo State Governor Hope Uzodimma to repair Okpala-Ahiara-Abba Branch Road and other local roads. The monarchs, operating under the auspices of Mbaise Council of Traditional Rulers, urged the Federal Government to… In "News" ABUJA - The tension raised by the plot of both the Federal government and the Imo State government to forcefully appropriate an expanse of land in Nwangele local government area of Imo state is far from dying down.  This is as an Imo State Diasporan community, Isu Na Eliligbarogu, USA,… In "News" THE proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) on Tuesday justified the clash between its security outfit – the Eastern Security Network (ESN) – and the military. It also claimed that five residents of Okporo community in Orlu Local Government Area of Imo State were killed when ESN men clashed with… In "Features"