All motor fuel prices in Germany saw above-average price increases and were up 23.3 per cent in April compared to those in 2020, the Federal Statistical Office (Destatis) announced on Wednesday.  Consumer prices as a whole and inflation in Germany only grew 2.0 per cent during the same time, according to Destatis. “The end of the temporary reduction of value-added tax and the introduction of the CO2 charge have had an upward effect on motor fuel prices,’’ Destatis said. Since January, fossil fuels in Germany is charged 25 euros ($30.60) per ton of CO2. The development of crude oil prices on the global markets also had a strong impact on the price development of fuels in Germany. According to Destatis, import prices for crude oil in March more than doubled compared to the same month in 2020 and already reached pre-crisis levels. At the beginning of the pandemic, crude oil prices had fallen sharply due to low demand across global markets. Destatis noted that low fuel prices in 2020 would lead to very high year-on-year rates of price increases for crude oil at present and in the coming months to (1 euro = $1.22). (Xinhua/NAN) Berlin - Industrial production in Germany, Europe’s largest economy, increased by 8.9 per cent in June compared to the previous month, according to provisional figures published by the Federal Statistical Office (Destatis) on Friday. Also, Malaysian industrial production and manufacturing sales rose by 26.2 per cent and 30.4 per cent,… In "Foreign" Berlin  - Germany clawed back more of its crucial export business in July following the coronavirus crisis, with 4.7 per cent more goods sold abroad than in the previous month, according to government data. The Federal Statistical Office (Destatis) reported on Tuesday that the exports, valued at 102.3 billion euros… In "Foreign" Berlin - Germany on Friday said China remains its most important trading partner for the fourth year in a row in 2019, according to government data released. Goods valuing 205.7 billion euros (or 231 billion dollars) were traded between the two countries in 2019, the Federal Statistical Office (Destatis) reported,… In "Foreign"