Social and economic activities were grounded across Nigeria’s South-East this Monday morning, May 31, 2021, following the sit-at-home order given by the proscribed Biafra agitators, the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB).  The group said it declared a sit-at-home order in remembrance of more than five million Igbo people who died during the three years of civil war between the defunct Biafra and Nigeria. IPOB said May 31 is being observed as special day to remember the dead Igbos. IPOB leader, Nnamdi Kanu, said the usual date is May 30, the shift to May 31, was to allow the Sunday worshippers to go to church and take part in the Remembrance Day. Reports indicate that streets and roads were deserted and business premises securely locked across the south-eastern states of Anambra, Enugu, Ebonyi, Imo and Abia. The city of Awka, Anambra State capital, can best be described as a ghost town following total compliance of the sit-at home order. As at the time of filing this report, only goats, fouls, lizards and the likes were out on the roads and streets. The same scenario is playing out in Onitsha, the commercial nerve centre of the state. A resident of Awka, the Anambra State capital, Mrs Ngozi Nwosu, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Monday that she decided to stay at home in order to play safe. “I do not want to go anywhere and thank God that my children’s schools are on break so all of us are indoors to avoid problem,” she said. Another resident, Mr Ogochi Ezeike, said that the leadership of Eke Awka Market, the major market in the state capital, told NAN that the market will not open for business due to the IPOB order. “As you can see, everywhere is totally shutdown, even if one is in the market who will buy from the person?” he queried. Most of the shops at the popular Aroma junction, Awka, Zik’s Avenue, Unizik junction and other popular places are not open for business.   By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Onitsha, the commercial hub and busy city of Anambra is as quiet as a grave yard and shadow of itself on Thursday morning in compliance with the Sit-at-home order issued by the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB). Recall that the IPOB had declared… In "News" Private and missionary schools have shut down in Imo State as a result of the sit-at-home ordered by the Indigenous People of Biafra on Monday, May 31, 2021, throughout the South-East region. Residents of Owerri also resorted to panic buying on Thursday in order to prepare for the possible fallout… In "Features" Owerri - Economic and social activities have halted in Imo over the Sit-At Home order by the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) for fear of possible attacks. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reporter who monitored the development on Saturday in Owerri, reports that residents of the state have… In "Top Stories"