By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja –  The Accident Investigation Bureau on Saturday revealed that the Flight Data Recorder (FDR) and the Cockpit Voice Recorder (CVR) from the crashed Beechcraft 350 aircraft that led to the deaths of the Chief of Army Staff, Lieutenant-General Ibrahim Attahiru and 10 other officers, have been recovered. In a statement signed by the AIB’s General Manager of Public Affairs, Tunji Oketunbi, the agency has been mandated by the Nigerian Air Force to “lead the Investigation into the crash” of the military aircraft on Friday. “The Flight Data Recorder (FDR) and the Cockpit Voice Recorder (CVR) from the accidented Beechcraft 350 aircraft have been recovered and investigation has commenced,” the statement said. “Investigators will download and analyse vital information contained in the recorders at the AIB-N’s world class Flight Safety Laboratory, in Abuja. “The mandate given to AIB-N is based on the Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) signed between the two agencies on July 1, 2020 covering areas of mutual assistance.” Military authorities have suggested that the flight crashed due to adverse weather conditions. Earlier on Saturday, the late COAS and the other 10 officers were buried at the National Military Cemetery in Abuja. Ikeja - The Commissioner, Accident Investigation Bureau (AIB), Dr Felix Abali on Friday said that full investigation to unravel the cause of the Bristow helicopter crash would now get underway with the recovery of its Black box. Abali spoke with aviation correspondents while displaying the device at the bureau’s headquarters… In "News" The Accident Investigation Bureau Nigeria (AIB-N) has reversed itself after earlier claiming that the tyre of a Boeing 737-300 with registration number 5N-BUQ belonging to Air Peace burst on landing at Runway 18 of the Murtala Muhammed International Airport, Lagos. The airline had disputed AIB’s initial report, insisting that while… In "News" By Adekunle Williams and Solomon Asowata Lagos  -   The Accident Investigation Bureau (AIB) on Tuesday said it had resuscitated its $5.8 million unserviceable Flight Safety Laboratory equipment at the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport (NAIA), Abuja. AIB’s spokesman, Mr Tunji Oketunbi, said in a statement that the bureau’s Commissioner, Mr Akin… In "News"