By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  The entire Board, Management and staff of the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) grief over the untimely death of Miss Feranmi Fasunle – daughter of the Chairman, Board of Commissioners of NCC, Prof. Adeolu Akande. The Commission, in a statement signed by the Director, Public Affairs, Dr. Ikechukwu Adinde, condoled with Prof Adeolu and his family at this grieving period and said that their solemn and collective prayer is that God grants late Feranmi eternal peace and give the entire family of our Chairman the grace and fortitude to bear the irreparable loss. “Miss Fasunle, aged 19, was a promising 200-Level student of Political Science at the Adekunle Ajasin University, Akungba Akoko, Ondo State, who dreamt of reading Law as a second degree.” She died in the early hours of Thursday, May 13, 2021 at the Federal Medical Centre, Owo, Ondo State, following spirited efforts to save her. The Commission, therefore, expressed the heartfelt condolences of its Board, Management and entire staff over the sad development, the statement added. OWERRI (Sundiata Post) - Prof. Umar Garba Danbatta, Executive Vice Chairman/CEO of the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC), has disclosed that over 1,500 COVID-19-related calls were received and processed through the Commission's Emergency Communications Centres (ECCs) in the peak of the pandemic in Nigeria.   The EVC made this disclosure during… In "Technology" The Nigerian Senate has confirmed the appointment of Professor Adeolu Akande as Chairman, and Uche Onwude as Member of the Governing Board of the Nigerian Communication Commission (NCC) on Wednesday during Plenary. President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan pronounced the confirmation after considering the report of the Committee on Communications… In "News" Yahaya Ibrahim Zimit, elder brother to the deceased (left) and Prof. Umar Danbatta, Executive Vice Chairman/CEO, Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC), during the condolence visit led by the EVC to the family of late Mukhtari Zimit, a former NCC Board member in Kano at the weekend The Federal Government at the… In "News"