Agency Reporter  Mr Babatunde Akinbiyi, the Spokesman, Ogun Traffic Compliance and Enforcement Corps (TRACE), confirmed the incident to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) Akinbiyi explained that the accident occurred at 8pm. The TRACE spokesman stated that the rider of the motorcycle was trying to overtake the truck from the right, saying that in the process, it collided with another speeding motorcycle which threw them under the truck. Read Also; Truck crushes three relatives to death in Ondo“We gathered from eyewitness that the motorcycle was trying to overtake a Dangote truck from the right, unfortunately another speeding bike collided with the victims’ bike from the rear throwing them underneath moving truck on the fast lane,. “The three of them on the motorcycle were crushed to death in the process. “A phone retrieved at scene was used to connect the relations of the deceased and the corpses were taken away by their family,” he said. Akinbiyi, however, said that the truck was still at the accident scene, saying that hoodlums used the opportunity to loot the truck after chasing away police and TRACE officials from the scene. (NAN)  A commercial motorcycle operator and his two passengers were crushed to death on Saturday morning at Onibukun stretch of Sango – Idiroko road, Ogun State by a truck, leaving a heart wrenching sight. The accident which involved an Iveco truck marked EKY 644 WH and Bajaj Boxer motorcycle with registration… In "Metro" By Abiodun Lawal Abeokuta - Two motorcyclists were on Friday night crushed to death in an accident involving two motorcycles and a Leyland truck opposite Forte Oil filling station around Kotopo on the Abeokuta-lbadan road. Mr Babatunde Akinbiyi, the Spokesperson, Traffic Compliance and Enforcement Corps (TRACE), confirmed the incident to… In "Top Stories" ABEOKUTA -Police have arrested a man identified as Azeez Agboola for allegedly parading himself as a legal practitioner in Ogun State.Mr Abimbola Oyeyemi, the Police Public Relations Officer in the state, confirmed the arrest of the suspect in a statement on Thursday.The 50-year-old suspect, a resident of Oko Afor area… In "News"