In a further demonstration of the stark contrast between the evil ideology of the Boko Haram terror group and the aspirations of modern young people, a Nigerian schoolgirl terror survivor, Zion Umar, is making history in America with a double masters degree as Christian heroine hostage, Leah Sharibu turns 18. Ironically Leah Sharibu, who was abducted by Boko Haram/ISWAP in February 2018 is attaining the legal age of adulthood under Nigerian law in captivity. This will be her fourth birthday as a hostage since she was taken at age 14. However a schoolgirl who survived Boko Haram’s terrorism and is now in the US is graduating the day after Leah’s birthday in captivity with a Masters degree. Ms Zion Umar, who arrived America five years ago started from high school, quickly transitioned to community college, graduated and enrolled in a postgraduate institution. Zion Umar is graduating in Los Angeles, California on May 15, 2021 (today) with her Masters in Business Administration (MBA), one of the most prized post graduate degrees in the US and a Masters. International human rights lawyer, Emmanuel Ogebe, who sponsored Zion like his adoptive daughter rode on a motor bike for two hours in the rain to catch his flight back to America to attend her graduation due to bad traffic jam in Nairobi, Kenya. In a statement made available to Sundiata Post on Thursday, he said: “I arrived at Jomo Kenyatta Airport completely drenched but mercifully I didn’t miss my flight. I had to leave colleagues behind as I couldn’t miss this crowning achievement of this beloved young woman who embodies the talent, resilience, hard work and true grit Nigerians are renowned for. I can say I was probably the only passenger who went to such extreme length to board that flight. I flew eight hours to Amsterdam, eight hours to Washington then six hours to Los Angeles. Zion is totally worth my traveling over 11 time zones in 48 hours.” He continued, “I want to invite all Nigerians and all well-meaning people to attend the graduation virtually by going to the links online. Her father, who was killed in the deadly attack eight years ago today which she survived will be watching from heaven and those of us on earth should be there for her too. “We cannot bring Leah back but we can stand with the other Leahs of the genocide. We can’t war with arms but we can arm with education and war with self-improvement. “Leah is still alive. Ironically while Zion earned a double Masters degree, Leah reportedly delivered two bouncing baby boys. God will intervene on her behalf where the government has failed.” The Master’s graduation ceremony for Zion Umar can be viewed at the following links: Saturday May 15, 2021(6PM NIGERIA, 1PM WASHINGTON & 10AM CALIFORNIA TIME)https://youtu.be/nXZp0vQZOno or here:https://www.facebook.com/events/503031784153640/permalink/503031790820306/ By Prudence Arobani New York - The Nigerians In Diaspora Organisation Americas (NIDOA) USA, has appealed for the release of Miss Leah Sharibu who was abducted in 2018 by a faction of the Boko Haram terrorists group. NIDO, in a statement by its Board Chairman, Ms Patience Key, said it… In "News" — A British member of parliament has launched a protest outside the Nigerian embassy in London to help free kidnapped school girl Leah Sharibu, who friends say is being held by terror group Boko Haram for refusing to renounce her Christian faith. Liberal Democrat MP Tom Brake is staging a sit-in… In "Security" Fredrick Nwabufo In the evening of February 19, 2018, 110 schoolgirls of Government Girls’ Science Secondary School, Dapchi in Yunusari local government of area of Yobe state were abducted by Boko Haram and taken into grisly captivity. Five of the girls died in the hands of their captors. But after… In "Opinion"