Abuja –  The ill fated military jet that crashed on Friday in Kaduna has top military officers in the entourage of the General Ibrahim Attahiru on board. The plane crashed close to Kaduna airport where the late Chief of Army Staff was billed to commission a project in one of the military formations in Kaduna State. It was gathered that the plane crashed as it touched down the runway and caught fire which the Federal fire Service from the station at the Kaduna airport battled to put off to no avail. The incident has since been confirmed by the Director Public Relations and Information, Nigerian Air Force, Commodore Edward Gabkwet. Gabkwet in a tweet said:“An air crash involving a @NigAirForce aircraft occurred this evening near the Kaduna International Airport. “The immediate cause of the crash is still being ascertained. More details to follow soon,” the NAF spokesman tweeted. Though, the military authority was yet to officially reveal the identity of those killed in the crash, unconfirmed sources has the following top military officers on the late Chief of Army Staff’s entourage. Crew The tranquility that characterises Nassau Village in the Federal Capital Territory, Abuja, was on Sunday disturbed when a jet belonging to the Nigerian Air Force crash landed in the area. Noise from aircraft is not strange to residents of the village, being one of the settlements that bordered the Nnamdi… In "Features" Jakarta, - officials confirmed on Wednesday that there were already 142 body bags at the site of the Indonesian military plane crash in North Sumatra capital, Medan. Report says as the body bags may contain only parts of the bodies, it was yet unclear exactly how many bodies have been… In "Foreign" •Scene of the plane crash... PHOTO: Reuters A plane with 100 people on board has crashed in Kazakhstan, killing at least nine people, officials say. They say the Bek Air aircraft went down shortly after taking off at Almaty airport on Friday morning local time. A Reuters reporter close to… In "Top Stories"