Abuja –  Gunmen have razed down a magistrate court, high court and a divisional police station in Atta community, Njaba local government area of Imo State. According to sources in the community who spoke to Channels Television, the attack took place in the late hours of Friday when people had gone to bed. The attack was accompanied by long hours of sporadic gunshots in the community, generating panic among residents. Community members said they noticed that the courts and police station had been set ablaze on Saturday morning. The police station was still under construction and no lives were reportedly lost. Some calm have returned to the community with the presence of security operatives, residents said. Efforts to get a reaction from the police proved abortive as calls made to the police spokesperson in the state, Bala Elkana, were unanswered as at the time of filing this report. Sit-at-home Late Friday’s act of violence is the latest in a series of attacks targeted at government facilities in Imo state and in the south-east region generally. The region is home to a secession movement championed by the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), which has been proscribed by a Nigerian court. IPOB, which is seeking to create a Biafra nation, has ordered a sit-at-home directive on Sunday in respect of south-easterners which died in Nigeria’s deadly civil war. The civil war ended in 1970. Major streets in Owerri, the Imo State capital, recorded very low vehicular and human movement, as of Saturday morning. Markets and businesses have also been mostly shut as Imo state residents fear an outbreak of violence. The Imo state government and the police have urged residents to disregard the sit-at-home directive and go about their lawful duties, as all measures have been put in place to ensure the adequate protection of lives and property. (Channels TV) Less than 24 hours after gunmen attacked the Imo State Police Command headquarters and the Nigerian Correctional Service at Owerri, the immediate past Inspector General of Police, Muhammed Adamu, on Tuesday, visited the state. During the visit, the ex-IG insisted that members of the Indigenous People of Biafra carried out… In "News" •Governor Uzodimma’s house after Saturday’s attack Facts have emerged on why gunmen numbering about 30 in the early hours of yesterday, Saturday, April 24, 2021, invaded the Omuma in Oru East Local Government Area country home of Imo State Governor, Senator Hope Uzodimma, and set it on fire. The gunmen… In "Top Stories" Abuja - A combined team of security operatives on Thursday night killed at least eight suspected militants of the Independent People of Biafra (IPOB) while repelling an attack on the Orlu Divisional Police headquarters in Imo State. The security operatives also recovered seven vehicles the attackers came in for the… In "Top Stories"