Gov. Abdullahi Sule of Nasarawa State on Wednesday inaugurated flood early warning equipment at Umaisha community in Toto Local Government Area (LGA) of the state.  The governor said that the equipment was to alert the flood-prone community to possible flooding in order to avert loss of lives and property. He urged the residents to protect the equipment in the best interest of the community. Sule also said that the inauguration of the project was part of activities to mark his second year in office. “I am here as part of activities to mark my second year in office and to meet you and hear from you in order to take the state to the next level of development. “It is important that I speak with the community who are directly involved in the project. “The project looks like a small one to you. But it is an expensive project because of the amount of money we have invested in it. “I call on you to do the best you can to protect the equipment. By the time that there is going to be flood, the equipment will give warning,’’ he said. Earlier, Sule paid a visit to the traditional ruler of the area “Ohimege Opanda” Alhaji Abdullahi Usman, to kick start his ‘meet the people tour’ of the state begining with Umaisha community. He lauded the traditional ruler for promoting peace in his domain. “I am here to inaugurate the equipment, thank the people and to hear from them in the efforts to move the state to the next level of development,’’ Sule said. Responding, the royal father appealed for the deployment of security troops to tackle banditry, kidnapping and other forms of criminality in the area. “I also want to appeal for the establishment of tertiary institution such as College of Education or College of Agriculture in Toto LGA, as well as the rehabilitation of the Toto-Umaisha road,’’ he said.  (NAN) By Awayi Kuje Karu (Nasarawa State) - Gov. Abdullahi Sule of Nasarawa State says the N1.9 billion Karu mega bus terminal, when completed, will ease traffic congestion on the Mararaba- Abuja corridor. Sule, who congestion spoke on Monday after inspecting ongoing work at the site of the project at Mararaba… In "Politics" By Stephen AdeleyeLokoja - The Nigeria Hydrological Services Agency (NIHSA) says theft and outright vandalisation of its equipment have been hampering its efforts to disseminate accurate data and information on flooding. The Director-General of NIHSA, Mr Clement Nze, stated this on Thursday in Lokoja at a sensitisation workshop on security… In "News" By Ismaila Chafe Abuja -President Muhammadu Buhari has received an update from Gov. Abdullahi Sule of Nasarawa State on political and security developments in the state. Speaking to State House correspondents after a closed door meeting with the president in Abuja on Tuesday, Sule said he briefed the president on… In "Politics"