ABUJA – The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), on Thursday, said it has recovered over N1 billion from a civil servant. The Chairman of the anti-graft agency, Abdulrasheed Bawa, disclosed this while appearing before the Senate Committee on Finance investigating the Internally Generated Revenue (IGR) of government agencies and payment of 1 per cent stamp duty by contractors on all contracts awarded by MDAs between 2014- 2020. There was, however, no mention of the name of the individual civil servant. “There are a lot of leakages we need to block; it is not about generating revenue. We have recovered over a billion sitting in an account from a civil servant last week,” Bawa told the Senate panel. He, however, applauded the committee for its investigations, saying “After observing the proceedings and the process of investigation of the committee, I am happy with what is happening here. It is a good development that the committee is working towards blocking revenue leakages. “At this point in the nation’s history, it is not only about generating revenue but also blocking leakages of revenue generated and still being generated by all these agencies of government,” he said. Bawa said the EFCC would be willing to get the report of the committee upon completion of the investigation for further action. (Daily Trust) •EFCC Chairman-nominee, Abdulrasheed Bawa  ABUJA - The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has promoted its Chairman-nominee, Abdulrasheed Ahmed Bawa, and 88 others. They were promoted from Grade Level 13 Principal Detective Superintendent (PDS) to grade level 14 Deputy Chief Detective Superintendent (DCDS) Grade Level 14, effective from January 1,… In "Top Stories" ‌By Olalekan Adetayo,Eniola Akinkuotu and Sunday Aborisade. The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission on Tuesday absolved its new Chairman, Abdulrasheed Bawa, of allegations of corruption. A few hours after President Muhammadu Buhari appointed him as the EFCC chairman on Tuesday, there were reports of his involvement in corruption. But the… In "News" ....I'm eminently qualified to be EFCC Chairman By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate has screened and confirmed Abdulrasheed Bawa as the substantive Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC). This is also as Bawa has said that he is eminently qualified to occupy the position… In "Top Stories"