Fiery Catholic priest, Rev. Fr. Ejike Mbaka, has reportedly returned to Enugu. The news of his return was being spread by his Adoration Ministry faithful who took to the streets demonstrating against his alleged arrest. Details of his arrest and release are yet not clear just as Mbaka is expected to make a public appearance at the Emene Adoration ground this afternoon. The Department of State Services had earlier said that Rev. Fr. Ejike Mbaka, was not in its custody. Spokesperson for DSS, Peter Afunnaya, was quoted to have sent the DSS position to a media house in Lagos, Wednesday. “He (Mbaka) is not with the DSS, please,” Afunnaya wrote in response to an inquiry by the media house. Controversy trailed the whereabouts of the fiery cleric on Wednesday as protesters took over the manor streets of Enugu over Mbaka’s alleged arrest by yet-to-be-identified security operative. When officials of the Diocese of Enugu, to which Fr. Mbaka belongs, were contacted, some of them said he was not missing while others said they couldn’t confirm his whereabouts. The Department of State Services says the Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry Enugu Nigeria, Rev. Fr. Ejike Mbaka, is not in its custody. Spokesperson for DSS, Peter Afunnaya, made this known in a text message sent to The PUNCH on Wednesday. “He (Mbaka) is not with the DSS, please,” Afunnaya… In "News" There is tension in Enugu over the whereabouts of Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry, Rev Fr Ejike Mbaka. Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council, on Wednesday, raised the alarm over his whereabouts, saying the cleric was missing. President-General of OYC, Mazi Okwu Nnabuike, alleged Mbaka was last seen on Tuesday, adding that… In "News" •Fr. Mbaka and President Buhari The Catholic Diocesan Director of Communication, Enugu State, Fr. Benjamin Achi, has reacted to the outburst of the Spiritual Director of the Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Rev. Fr. Ejike Mbaka, against President Muhammadu Buhari over the spate of insecurity in Nigeria. Achi said though the diocese… In "Top Stories"