The Northern Elders Forum has accused the Presidency of scaring Nigerians with the rhetoric of subversion with its continuous claim of an alleged attempt to overthrow President Muhammadu Buhari.  Director of Publicity and Advocacy of the Forum, Dr Hakeem Baba-Ahmed in a statement he released, asked the Presidency what it wants Nigerians to do with such information. Challenging the Presidency to mention the plotters it claimed were recruiting some leaders of ethnic groups and the alleged ethnic groups, Ahmed further told the current administration to deal with the problems facing the country as it is already showing it can’t use the mechanism available to it to deal with the situation. He Said; “Subversion is a crime, sedition is a crime and treason is a crime. Why is the Presidency or DSS telling us that there are people who are involved in these activities? What do they want the public to do with the information? They are failing twice; first of all, they are failing to eliminate the ground which gives these kinds of elements if they do exist, the reason to do what they are doing and then they are failing in enforcing the law. “I can say we talk with other groups, we discuss national issues. That is our right; there is nothing illegal in that and I am sure other groups do the same thing. But when you throw this kind of blanket accusations that somebody that you haven’t told us, someone, that you are in opposition today with, you haven’t dealt with is engaging and recruiting sociocultural groups, you have to wonder are you just using words to scare citizens?”   Source The Speaker of the House of Representatives, Femi Gbajabiamila, on Wednesday said ethnic groups must respect each other’s geographical space and culture to reduce rising tension in the country. Gbajabiamila gave the advice while commenting on killings and kidnappings in the country during an interview State House correspondents after a… In "News" THE North will support the presidential candidate with genuine commitment to deal with its problems and meet the region’s aspirations in 2023, the Northern Elders’ Forum (NEF) said on Sunday. Its convener Prof. Ango Abdullahi said: “The forum has observed that political maneuvres around the 2023 elections are targeting the… In "News" The Northern Elders Forum (NEF) has alleged that there are plans to disrupt the peaceful protests embarked upon by a coalition of Northern youth groups across the region. The elders noted that barely three days after peaceful protests by members of the Coalition of Northern Groups (CNG) over the state… In "News"