. . . Gives 5 days grace for submission of illegal weapons Abuja –  The Imo State Government has urged the predominantly Christian community to ignore the sit-at-home order by Biafra separatists and attend Sunday services tomorrow, May 30, 2021. It noted that as predominantly Christians, nobody has the right to stop them from worshipping God or even abridging their rights to freedom of worship and movement. The government in a statement issued on Friday by the Commissioner for Information and Strategy, Hon. Declan Emelumba, assured the citizens of their safety as they go about their legitimate businesses. Hon. Emelumba said it was sacrilegious for any group to bar people from worshipping God and from seeking means of feeding themselves under the guise of sit-at-home order. The commissioner disclosed that “the government has put adequate security measures in place to checkmate those who may attempt to harass or intimidate law abiding citizens on legitimate means”. According to Emelumba, the government “has detailed security agents to deal decisively with anyone who foments trouble in the name the enforcement of a sit-at-home order”. The commissioner further announced that the government has decided to mop up illegal weapons from the system as part of checking the violence unleashed by hoodlums. He urged “those in possession of illegal arms to submit them to the nearest police station within the next five days”. Emelumba assured that “those who comply with the directive within the five days grace would be granted amnesty while those who refuse to do so will suffer the consequences of their indiscretions. Imo government on Thursday urged residents of the state to ignore a sit-at-home order by the proscribed Indigenious People of Biafra (IPOB) on May 29 and May 30. The Commissioner for Information and Strategy of the state, Mr Declan Emelumba, said this while briefing newsmen in Owerri on Thursday. Emelumba… In "News" •Imo State Governor, Hope Uzodinma OWERRI - The Imo State Government has urged the people of the state to ignore the sit-at-home order issued by the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) and planned to hold on 29th, 30th and 31st of May, 2021 in the five states in the South-East.… In "News" Private and missionary schools have shut down in Imo State as a result of the sit-at-home ordered by the Indigenous People of Biafra on Monday, May 31, 2021, throughout the South-East region. Residents of Owerri also resorted to panic buying on Thursday in order to prepare for the possible fallout… In "Features"