Kano State government directed on Sunday that pupils and students should return to school on Monday, May 17 since the Eid el-Fitri holiday is over.  The directive did not cover the 36 boarding schools government ordered closed early in the year on security grounds. Commissioner for Education, Malam Muhammad Sanusi-Kiru said in a statement issued by the ministry’s spokesman, Mr Aliyu Yusuf, that defaulting pupils and students would be sanctioned. Sanusi-Kiru added that the ministry had made adequate arrangements for monitoring to ensure compliance. He warned that government would not fold its arms and look the other way while students and parents chose the day convenient for the children to return to school. “All boarding school students are to return to their schools on Sunday May 16, while Day schools students are to return to their schools on May 17,’’ the commissioner was quoted as saying. “Government is committing lots of resources to facilitate good learning and teaching environment. “There is, therefore, the need for a reciprocating gesture by parents and students to return to school on stipulated dates,’’ the commissioner stressed. (NAN) John Shiklam in Kaduna, Ibrahim Shuaibu in Kano, Francis Sardauna in Katsina, and Laleye Dipo in Minna No fewer than 618 schools have remained closed in six northern states over the fear of attack and abduction of pupils and members of staff, according to a tally by THISDAY. Also, barely… In "News" •Governor Abdullahi Ganduje of Kano State KANO - The Kano State Government has on Friday ordered immediate shutting down of boarding schools in the state. This was as a result of the abduction of about 317 female boarding students of Government Girls Secondary School in Jangebe, Talata Mafara Local Government… In "Top Stories" The Kano State Commissioner of Education, Sanusi Kiru, who disclosed this to Channels Television on Tuesday evening, said the state government also closed down “all public and private health training institutions, including schools of basic/postbasic nursing and midwifery, schools of health technology and school of hygiene with immediate effect.” The… In "News"