Alhaji Yahaya Bello, the Kogi State Governor, has appointed a speech-impaired young man and former cleaner under the Geemoney Cleaning Scheme, Mr Peter Aliyu, as his Senior Special Assistant on Sanitation, according to The PUNCH.  This was made known in a statement issued by the governor’s Chief Press Secretary, Onogwu Muhammed, on Sunday in Abuja. The appointment, Muhammed said, was part of Bello’s efforts to foster inclusion in governance. According to Muhammed, the appointment of Aliyu, a former cleaner under the Geemoney Cleaning Scheme of the governor, further illustrates his compassionate attribute. “His appointment was announced on Wednesday alongside other new government appointees of government in a press release signed by the Secretary to the State Government, Dr Folashade Arike Ayoade. “The young man’s appointment came on the heels of his excellency’s observation of the man’s consistency, diligence and dedication which also endeared the new appointee to many other individuals who have hailed his appointment. “Governor Bello has always been known for his non-discrimination approach to leadership and how he has ensured that individuals of different class, group and even social strata were meted equal treatment across board. “The governor in his usual disposition did not consider Mr Aliyu’s disability as an hindrance for him to effectively serve but rather as a means to enlist him and prove to the world that in disabilities lie abilities as well,” he said. He said the gesture by the governor was not the first of its kind as he had in the past given special consideration to people with disabilities. This, he said, was by engaging them actively in his government and even signing bills that would enhance their welfare.  Source By Stephen Adeleye Lokoja - Gov. Yahaya Bello of Kogi, on Thursday, sent a list of his nominees as members of the State Independent Electoral Commission (SIEC) to the state Assembly for confirmation. In a statement by his Chief Press Secretary, Mr Onogwu Muhammed in Lokoja, Bello named the former… In "Politics" By Kola Adeyemi Lokoja -  The Kogi State Government has approved the appointment of Prince Solomon Owoniyi, as the new Obaro of Kabba. The Director -General, Media and Publicity to the Kogi governor, Mr Kingsley Fanwo, confirmed the development in a statement issued in Lokoja on Thursday. He said that… In "News" By Chinwe Ugwu There is a Nigerian saying that if you do not go under the belly of an elephant, you can never know that it has a flat tummy. Similarly, many public office holders especially politicians are often judged based on the outer appearance. One of the most talked… In "Opinion"