By Felicia Imohimi ABUJA – The Nigeria Young Farmers Network says an emergency national food security plan that actively engages the private sector is crucial to forestall the nation’s imminent food crisis. The Director General (DG) of the network, Mr Promise Amahah, made the assertion while speaking with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja on Saturday. Amahah spoke against the backdrop of the relentless increase in prices of food and agricultural produce in Nigerian markets which he warned might lead to a national food crisis very soon. He said that government alone could not achieve reasonable progress in this regard adding that more intensive action was required to address the challenge. Amahah said the Federal Government needed to provide the enabling environment for companies and startups providing solutions like storage facilities, logistics, payments, among others. The DG explained that such enabling environment could be through giving them tax breaks, and off takers agreements among others, to enable them deploy their offerings effectively. According to him, such measures will immediately reduce the impact of food shortages and cost of foodstuffs which will in turn strengthen the efforts towards addressing food insecurity in Nigeria. Amahah noted that so far, efforts had been made by the Federal Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development to ensure the nation’s grains reserve was restored to full capacity through the grains buyback process. He said there had been focus on the Anchor Borrowers’ Programme to make it more efficient while recently, rice pyramids in Kebbi and maize pyramids in Katsina had become prominent. According to Amahah, these are emergency measures put in place by the government to enable poor Nigerians survive hunger during food crises. “However, I am yet to see proactive national awareness and sensitisation directed towards public enlightenment on the current food crisis and providing an inclusive strategy thrust to address the issue,” he said. (NAN) By Mustapha Sumaila Abuja - Nigerian Young Farmers Network (NYFN) has urged government at all levels to support youth in businesses to grow the economy following the recent borders closure. Mr Promise Amahah, the national coordinator made the appeal in an interview with News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja… In "News" By Kingsley Okoye Abuja - The Senate on Tuesday passed for second reading, a Bill to establish the National Food Reserve Agency designed to avert any form of emergency food crisis in the future. The Bill is sponsored by Sen. Abdullahi Adamu (APC Nasarawa -West). Adamu, while underscoring the need… In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Senate, on Wednesday, passed a bill seeking to establish the National Food Reserve Agency (NFRA). The passage of the bill followed the consideration of the report of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development. In his presentation, Chairman of the Committee, Senator Abdullahi… In "Top Stories"