By Monday Ijeh Abuja –   The Acting Inspector General of Police (I-G), Mr Usman Baba, has ordered the deployment of Mr Christopher Owolabi, as the new Commissioner of Police (CP) in charge of the Police Command in Anambra. The Force Public Relations Officer (FPRO), Mr Frank Mba, disclosed this in a statement on Friday in Abuja. The I-G also approved the deployment of other strategic and tactical commanders within the zones, two Deputy Commissioners of Police (DCPs), 14 Assistant Commissioners of Police (ACPs) and other mid-level officers. Baba said the deployment of the new CP is part of the ongoing efforts to re-order, overhaul and strengthen the security and policing architecture in Anambra and other States in the South-East and South-South. He said this is designed to improve the operational efficiency of the commands and enhance public safety and security. Baba said Owolabi took over from Mr Monday Kuryas, who had been redeployed to the Anti-Fraud Section of the Force Headquarters Annex, Lagos. The I-G urged the new CP in Anambra to take adequate measures in consolidating and improving on the gains of his predecessor. He also called on the new CP to rejig the security apparatus of the State and harness the full potentials of the command, its workforce, assets and stakeholders to advance the safety of citizens. Baba enjoined the people of South-East and South-South to cooperate with the Police and other security agencies to enable them succeed in their responsibilities. Source ABUJA - Acting Inspector-General of Police, Suleiman Abba, on Monday named Commissioners of Police for the FCT, Borno, Adamawa and 18 other state police commands across the nation. This is contained in a statement issued by Acting Commissioner of Police, Emmanuel Ojukwu, the Force Public Relations Officer. The statement said… In "News" By Joseph Edeh Abuja - The Inspector-General of Police ( I-G), Mr Ibrahim Idris, has ordered the immediate withdrawal of all policemen attached to Very Important Personalities (VIPs), political and public office holders in the country. Idris gave the order at the monthly meeting with Commissioners of Police and above… In "Metro" ABUJA - The Inspector-General of Police, Mr Suleiman Abba, has ordered a nationwide deployment of all police strike units for a water-tight security throughout the Christmas and New Year celebrations. This is contained in a statement issued by the force spokesman, Mr Emmanuel Ojukwu, on Monday in Abuja. The affected… In "News"