Soldiers on Wednesday threatened to shoot officials of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission that came to mark properties seized from Brig. Gen Jafaru Mohammed, the Director of Finance and Administration at the Office of the National Security Adviser.  The EFCC had obtained an interim forfeiture from a Federal High Court in Abuja on March 11, 2021, and proceeded to mark eight properties belonging to the NSA’s aide. Our correspondent, who visited Sun City in the Lokogoma area of Abuja on Wednesday, reported that after a team of EFCC officials began marking General Mohammed’s building located on 52 Main Street, Sun City, in red paint, armed soldiers arrived in a white Hilux marked GWA481EA and chased the EFCC officials away. The soldiers took a bucket of water and soap and quickly cleaned off the markings which read, ‘EFCC Under Investigation, Keep Off!” Our correspondent, who visited other properties linked to the general, observed that soldiers were on guard to prevent EFCC officials from marking them. Justice Folashade Ogunbanjo had in a suit marked FHC/ABJ/CS/007/2021 ordered the interim forfeiture of eight properties linked to General Mohammed who is a trusted aide to the NSA, Major General Babagana Moguno (retd.). The investigation of Mohammed is part of a wider probe into the finances of the Office of the NSA. Other properties affected include: A house at 7 God’s Own Estate, Road 1, Wamba District, a fenced plot at 1 Jubril Aminu Crescent, Katampe Extension, a plot at Kubwa Express Road directly opposite Abuja Model City Gate, A house at Block SD 22, Road 5, Kabusa Garden Estate, Abuja; Plot 15, 21st Crescent, Second Avenue, Gwarinpa, 3 Liverpool Close, Sun City Estate and 25 Osaka Street, Sun City. The properties are believed to be worth billions of naira which far exceed the income of a brigadier general. The PUNCH reports that this is not the first time that EFCC officials would be harassed for trying to enforce court orders. In November 2017, masked operatives attached to a former Director-General of the Department of State Services, Ekpenyong Ita, prevented EFCC officials from arresting him and even threatened to shoot journalists who attempted to take photographs. The Spokesman for the EFCC, Mr Wilson Uwujaren, said he was not aware but promised to call back.  Source ABUJA - Armed men guarding the residence of the immediate past Acting Director General of the National Intelligence Agency, NIA, Ambassador Mohammed Dauda are currently in an armed face off with officers of the DSS and the NIA, following attempts to forcefully evict the former NIA boss from his official… In "Local News" Magu: Osinbajo Is On His Own, Attorney General Malami Says In "Top Stories" •Hamisu Wadume By Molly Kilete ABUJA - The Nigerian Army authorities have arrested an officer and nine soldiers in connection with the killing of five officers of the IGP Intelligence Response Team (IRT), on August 6, in Taraba State Daily Sun, can authoritatively report.The policemen were killed on the road after they… In "Top Stories"