Fiery man of God and founder of Adoration Ministry Enugu State, Father Ejike Mbaka, has issued a warning to President Muhammadu Buhari.  According to him, Buhari will suffer if he doesn’t show that he is not part of those causing insecurity in the country. Mbaka made this statement during Sunday service at the Adoration Ministry premises. He said despite that former Chief of Staff, Abba Kyari was flown abroad for treatment, he later died. Mbaka said, “Start preparing where to run to, trouble is coming, Nigeria has collapsed and Abuja will no longer be a safe zone for politicians. “President Buhari has not shown that he is not part of the insecurity ravaging the country, you have to show that you are not part of the insecurity. “President Buhari will suffer if he doesn’t change his ways. Was Abba Kyari not sent abroad for treatment? But what happened? He died.” Mbaka had called for President Buhari’s resignation or impeachment over his handling of the security challenges in the country. He said Buhari has failed Nigeria woefully and that he should resign now. He explained that Nigerians are crying because they don’t have a shepherd. He emphasised that the nation cannot continue like this so he asked God to change its leaders. He said, “God will ask Nigerians: Nigerians why are you crying? We are crying because our leaders have failed us woefully. If it was in a civilised country, by now, President Buhari would have resigned. Quote me anywhere and let the whole world hear it. By now, with what is happening, President Buhari should honourably resign. “What is the matter? Nigerians are crying, why? Because there is no security in this country. The House of Representatives and the Senate should impeach the President if he doesn’t want to resign. “If the members of these two Houses do not want to impeach him and they want to begin to fight Fr Mbaka, something worse than what they ever imagined will happen to the members of the Senate and members of the House of Representatives. Disaster is coming! Until the government of this country finds something useful for our youths, they are going to face disaster, a time is coming when, if you are asked to be a governor, senator, house of a representative member, you will begin to run because I’m trying to tell you that we cannot continue like this. “The leaders have made the youth suffer; it is time for the civilians to make the leaders suffer. Enough of this rubbish, most of the reasons why you come here for prayers are not prayer projects, these are things the government should supply. To feed, pay for house rent, even to import products from abroad, taxation has doubled, the international community cannot come to Nigeria to invest anymore. Are we living or dying? “God is asking what is the matter, I am telling God now, let him change our leaders.”  Source •Fr. Ejike Mba In 2015, when Reverend Father Camilus Ejike Mbaka, Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministries Enugu, Nigeria, (AMEN), predicted that President Goodluck Jonathan would not return to Aso Rock, that Muhammadu Buhari would win the 2015 Presidential Election, it was like most members of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP),… In "Opinion" Nigerians are not happy with Catholic Priest and Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Fr Ejike Mbaka. This comes after he called for President Muhammadu Buhari’s impeachment over the high level of insecurity in the country. Nigerians are not happy that he's suddenly making a u-turn. Mbaka had said Buhari… In "News" •Fr. Mbaka and President Buhari The Catholic Diocesan Director of Communication, Enugu State, Fr. Benjamin Achi, has reacted to the outburst of the Spiritual Director of the Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Rev. Fr. Ejike Mbaka, against President Muhammadu Buhari over the spate of insecurity in Nigeria. Achi said though the diocese… In "Top Stories"