The Nigerian Air Force (NAF) said it has acquired enough armament in the last 57 years to stave off any external aggression against Nigeria’s sovereignty.  Briefing journalists as part of activities to mark NAF 57 anniversary, Air Vice Marshal Hassan Abubakar, prided that in the last five years, the Nigerian Air Force has inducted 25 aircrafts to boost it air capabilities. Another platform, JF-17! Thunder aircraft will also be inducted to expand NAF’s airpower in commemoration of the anniversary. He said this year’s anniversary with the theme ‘Enhancing Nigerian Air Force Airpower Capabilities for Effective Joint Operations in Response to Contemporary National Security Challenges’ is aimed at “emphasizing the renewed focus on cooperation and collaboration among the Services in military operations.” Abubakar also informed that the theme is in tandem with the vision of the Chief of Air Staff’s vision to “enhance and sustain critical airpower capabilities required for joint Force employment in pursuit of national security imperatives”. According to him, “you will agree with me that the Nigerian Air Force has grown over the years into a formidable Force within the West African sub-region and it is only rational to celebrate its existence as well as the laudable achievements recorded over the years”. Abubakar disclosed further that “one unique activity that will be carried out during this year’s anniversary is the launching of the Nigerian Air Force tele-medicine facility in Abuja. “The aim of establishing the facility is to enhance provision of excellent medicare to personnel and their dependants as well as civilian beneficiaries at the lowest cost”. This year’s anniversary according to Abubakar will be a low key event “but structured to enlighten Nigerians of the efforts of the NAF in the fight against insurgency.”  Source By Doris Esa Abuja - The Nigerian Air Force (NAF) is to acquire additional 18 aircraft by 2020 to boost its air assets.Air Commodore Nnamdi Ananaba, the Chairman, Organising Committee for the 2019 NAF Day Celebration, disclosed this at a news conference on Tuesday in Abuja.The brands of the aircraft,… In "News" By Temitope Ponle Abuja - Chairman of the House of Representatives Committee on Airforce, Rep. Mohammed Koko has urged the Nigeria Air Force (NAF) extend its airpower to nip “the perennial security challenges” in some states in the northwest. Koko, who made the call during the 2020 budget defence of… In "News" By Doris Esa Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari on Monday in Abuja inducted two Agusta 109 Power Attack  Helicopters into the  Nigerian Air Force (NAF) aircraft inventory. The NAF recently took delivery of two new helicopters to be unveiled by President Buhari during its 55th anniversary. Buhari, who  was represented by … In "News"