A former son-in-law of President Muhammadu Buhari has opened up on allegatioins of fraud against him.  According to Gimba Kumo, he was never invited by the Independent Corrupt Practices and other related offences Commission (ICPC) for the alleged misappropriation of $65m, before he was declared wanted. Kumo is alleged to have embezzled the money while he was Managing Director of the Federal Mortgage Bank of Nigeria. The ICPC declare him wanted alongside Tarry Rufus and Bola Ogunsola However, in a letter addressed to the Chairman of the ICPC, Prof. Bolaji Owasanoye, which is dated May 18, 2021, Kumo described the development as unfortunate, adding that no attempt was made at inviting him before he was declared wanted. The letter signed by his lawyer, Chief O.U Orji, and Uwem Umoawan, read in part, “We were reliably informed by our client that he was never served with any official invitation in line with Section 29, 30, 31, and 32 of the ICPC Act, 2000. “Since he left the FMBN, his private office and home addresses are well known to the public as both the DSS and the EFCC have also effected service/invitation to him personally which he honoured without any hesitation on the same issues as he does not have anything to hide.”   Source ABUJA - The Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Commission has declared Gimba Yau Kumo, son-in-law to President Muhammadu Buhari wanted for alleged $65 million fraud. Kumo, a former Managing Director, Federal Mortgage Bank, got married to Buhari’s daughter in October 2016 in Daura, Katsina State. The commission in… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Former Chairman of the Special Presidential Panel for the Recovery of Public Property (SPIP), Okoi Obono-Obla spoke for the first time yesterday on his ordeal after he was relieved of his duties and his agency scrapped. Obono-Obla who said he executed his brief… In "Top Stories" It is no longer news that the Independent Corrupt Practices and Related Offences Commission (ICPC) declared the former Special Assistant to President Muhammadu Buhari on Prosecution and Chairman of Special Presidential Investigative Panel on Recovery of Public Property (SPIP), Chief Okoi Obono-Obla, wanted. According to ICPC Spokeswoman, Mrs. Rasheedat Okoduwa,… In "Opinion"