 Prince Adesegun Banjoko president, National Association of Block Moulders of Nigeria (NABMON), has felicitated Muslims across the nation on the successful completion of the Ramadan and Eid-el-Fitr celebration.  Banjoko, in a statement on Thursday in Lagos, prayed for Allah’s blessings on Muslims and for Nigeria to overcome its economic and security challenges. “This is to register my felicitations to our Moslem brothers on the successful end of the blessed Ramadan season. “May all our sacrifices and supplications be acceptable in the sight of the Lord with bountiful blessings in return. “May we all live to celebrate many more years in the land of the living and in prosperity Insha-Allah,” he prayed. Banjoko also felicitated NABMON members in the nation while praying for an end to armed banditry, kidnapping, lawlessness and other vices. He expressed concern over the rising prices of cement and other commodities in the nation. “The regime of high prices cut accross all commodities without exception, cement inclusive. “Let us join hands to continue to pray for our nation for God to pass through Nigeria to usher in peace in abundance to enable us wade through this special season and rise on our feet again,” he said.  (NAN) Ibadan -  As Nigerians join the rest of the world to observe the Eid-el-Fitr, political leaders and clerics have called on Muslims to replicate the lessons of the Ramadan in their lives while calling for peace and national cohesion. Gov. Ibikunle Amosun of Ogun on Friday urged Muslim faithful to… In "News" By EricJames Ochigbo and Cecilia Ijuo Abuja  -   Speaker of House of Representatives, Mr Yakubu Dogara, has felicitated with the Muslim Ummah on the occasion of Eid El Fitr. In a message to the Muslim community in Nigeria, the speaker appealed to the faithful to sustain the lessons of… In "News" By Victor Adeoti Osogbo - The Osun Deputy Governor, Mr Benedict Alabi, has felicitated with Muslim faithful in the state and all over the world on the occasion of Eid-el-Fitr celebration. Alabi, in a congratulatory message made available to newsmen in Osogbo on Sunday, said the end of the holy… In "Politics"