Caleb University, Imota, Lagos State, on Monday announced that all its 547 students who took the global Information Technology (IT) certification examination emerged successful.  The university’s spokesman, Dr Elvis Otobo, made the disclosure in Lagos. Otobo said that the results of the examination showed that none of the students underperformed in the digital marketing google certification. He said that the result was the first product of the university’s policy, which took effect in the 2020/2021 session to the effect that each student must obtain a global IT certification in each session of study. “The breakdown of the IT certification results shows that a total of 547 students who wrote the IT certification examination were successful. ”300 level students who passed were 324, while 223 of 100 level students also passed. ”The IT certification is continuous and compulsory for all students of the institution, as Batch B 100 level students will write their certification examination soon,” he said. According to him, the university collaborated with Crystal Marketing Centre to record the feat. Prof. Nosa Owes-Ibie, Vice-Chancellor of the university, in the statement, lauded the students’ performance and said the certification would boost their competence, commitment and enhance their professional credibility. Owes-Ibie said that the feat would also assist the students’ career advancement, make them globally competitive, improve their career opportunities – promotion, pay increase, job portability – and enrich their self-image among their peers.  (NAN) By Rukayat Adeyemi Lagos - Authorities of Caleb University, Imota, Lagos on Saturday said no student of the institution was shot during a protest in its campus. The school authorities described as false, stories circulated in the social media and rumoured by some mischief makers that its students were shot… In "News" Abuja  -  Prof. Mike Kwanashie, the Vice-Chancellor, Veritas University, Abuja, has warned new students of the institution against indulging in cultism, alcohol intake, smoking, examination malpractice, among other vices. Kwanashie, who gave the warning at the 8th matriculation of the university on Friday, said students who engaged in cult related… In "News" By Patience Omoha   Abuja  -     Twelve of the 30 pioneer medical students of the University of Abuja, who enrolled in 2005, failed their final examinations, an official has said. Mr Waziri Garba, the university’s Deputy Registrar in charge of Information and Publications, made this known in an interview with… In "News"