By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  The Senate on Wednesday passed a bill seeking to upgrade the Yaba College of Technology to a Federal University of Technology. Also passed was a bill to establish the Federal University, Birnin-Kebbi, Kebbi State. The approval for the establishment of both universities followed the consideration of two separate reports by the Committee on Tertiary Institutions and TETFUND. Senator Nora Daduut (APC, Plateau South), who presented the report on behalf of the Chairman of the Committee, Senator Ahmad Babba Kaita, said the establishment of the Federal University, Birnin-Kebbi would provide the required manpower needs of Nigeria in the area of Geosciences and Technology, and General Agricultural practices as a boost for the exploration of solid minerals, scientific and social knowledge in the promotion of cutting-edge research on n Nigerian and beyond. The lawmaker added that the knowledge and skills acquired from the institution would contribute to the nation’s Gross Domestic Product (GDP) and increase Nigeria’s revenue earnings. In addition, the lawmaker noted that the upgrade of Yaba College of Technology to a full-fledged Federal University of Technology, would boost the acquisition of scientific and technological knowledge in the country. By Kingsley Okoye Abuja - The Senate on Wednesday passed the bill for establishment of Modibo Adama University of Technology in Adamawa. The passing of the bill followed presentation and consideration of the report of the Committee on Tertiary Institution and TETFUND on Wednesday. The bill, sponsored by Sen. Aisha… In "News" …Wants Almajiri Education Integrated into Educational SystemBy Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate on Tuesday passed a bill to give legal backing to the establishment of the Nigerian Army University, Biu, Borno State. The passage of the bill followed a clause-by-clause consideration of the report of the Committee on… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate on Tuesday moved to established the Federal University of Lafia Teaching Hospital and College of Crop Sciences and Food Technology, Lere, Kaduna State, when it considered two bills to that effect. Both Bills which scaled second reading are sponsored by Senators… In "Top Stories"