By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Formerr President Dr. Goodluck Ebele Jonathan has expressed shock over the death of his former political adviser, Ahmed Gulak, who was killed by unknown assailants in Owerri, Imo State. The former President described his death as a painful loss, noting that the deceased was a loyal public servant and dedicated patriot. In a statement  by Ikechukwu Eze, his Special Adviser on Media, Dr. Jonathan prayed God to comfort his family and grant his soul eternal rest. In the statement, the former President said: “I received with shock the death of Alh  Ahmed Gulak who died on Sunday, 30th May 2021, in Owerri,  Imo State. Gulak was a loyal public servant and dedicated patriot who gave his all in service to his country. His death is a painful loss to me and many others who worked and interacted with him. “He will be remembered for his modest contributions to the growth of our nation’s democracy, especially his memorable days both as a skillful speaker of Adamawa State House of Assembly and political adviser in our  administration. “My deepest condolences to his family,  the government and the people of Adamawa state, who are bound to feel the loss of this eminent and patriotic Nigerian. “May God grant his family, friends and supporters solace, even as I appeal for calm while law enforcement bodies carry out their investigations.” By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Special Adviser on Political Matters to the erstwhile President of Nigeria, Ahmed Ali Gulak has been assassinated. It was gathered that he was killed in his Hotel room in Owerri, Imo State by a yet to be identified gunmen. Source said he… In "Top Stories" •Dr Ahmed Gulak AKURE - Governor Rotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State has reacted to the death of a former presidential aide, Mr Ahmed Gulak, saying it is calculated to instigate northerners against South Easterners. The governor described the killing as "senseless and wicked". Gulak, who was killed on Sunday in… In "News" The Police in Imo said that Mr Ahmed Gulak an All Progressives Congress (APC) chieftain killed in the state on Sunday by unidentified gunmen left his hotel without security escort. The Commissioner of Police in Imo, Abutu Yaro made the disclosure in a statement issued in Owerri on Sunday by… In "News"