Mr. Ernest Ojong, the father of Priscilla Ojong, the 300 Level Mass Communication student of the University of Cross River State (UNICROSS) who has been declared missing, has come out to speak.  According to Mr. Ernest Ojong, his daughter is still missing and has not made any contact with her family members for over three weeks now. In an interview with Cross River Watch TV, Ojong said the last communication with his daughter was in April via text and that he hasn’t heard from her again. ”I am Ernest Ojong by name. Priscilla is my daughter.” When asked when he last spoke with his daughter, Mr Ojong said ”It’s been up to a month that we just spoke via text message.” Asked if he isn’t worried that he hasn’t been able to reach her for close to a month, Mr Ojong said he has been seriously worried. He said he has been in shock since he learnt that his daughter is missing. Reacting to the video Priscilla shared two days ago dismissing claims she was missing, Mr Ojong said the number used to send the video is hidden. He called on the government and the police to help him rescue his daughter. He said he hasn’t seen her or had any contact with her after the video she shared online. ”The video, they are hiding number to call so I am not sure. That is why I want government to help me and the police.” he said.   Source By George Odok Calabar, Feb. 24, 2020 (NAN) The Cross River Government is ready to raise “green millionaires” through the ongoing agro-industrial revolution programme in the state. Mr Okon Owuna, Commissioner for Agriculture and Natural Resources, made this known during a meeting with the organised farmers’ groups in Calabar on… In "News" Backstage at the Fantasy Springs Resort Casino in Indio, California, on May 23, 2015, J. was thrilled that her 19-year-old daughter’s music career was going to make a major leap forward from recording demos and performing at talent shows to the chance of stardom — thanks to the help of… In "Entertainment" Osogbo -  The Osun Police Command on Wednesday announced the rescue of two stolen children from a syndicate. Parading the suspects at the police headquarters in Osogbo, the Police Commissioner, Mr Olafimihan Adeoye, said the rescue of the two children was made possible through the reportage of the arrest of… In "Metro"