Andrea Pirlo, the Juventus coach has been sacked by the club after a few months in charge as manager, winning the Italian Supercup and the Coppa Italia.  Pirlo had taken over from Maurizio Sarri in August on a deal that was to last till June 2022. Before then, he was the club’s Under-23 manager. Reports say he will be replaced by the club’s former manager, Massimiliano Allegri. Confirming Pirlo’s exit, Juventus issued a statement on their official website to bid him farewell. “Thank you, Andrea. These are the first words that all of us need to say at the end of this special experience together,” the statement read. “A few months ago, Andrea Pirlo, an icon of world football, began his new adventure, his first as a coach. “To do this, first of all, it takes courage, as well as awareness of one’s own means, especially in a period marked by thousands of difficulties, with the world forced by the pandemic to reinvent its own rules day after day. “Pirlo has just begun the first steps of what will no doubt become a brilliant career as a coach. An adventure of transformation, seeking, and often managing, to bring his ideas and his experience as a champion on the pitch from the “other side” of the fence.  “And since in football, what counts are the victories, let’s remember them: in the space of a few short months, Pirlo’s Juve has raised two trophies: The Italian Supercup and the Coppa Italia. And he, as coach, brought home brilliant victories on the most prestigious of fields, from San Siro to Camp Nou. “For all this, for the courage, the dedication, the passion with which he demonstrated every day, our thanks go to the Maestro, the Coach and to Andrea, that really comes from the heart. As well as our good luck for the future that will surely be a wonderful one.”   Source Juventus and Barcelona meet in the 2015 UEFA Champions League final at Olympiastadion in Berlin, Germany on Saturday with Argentine superstar Lionel seeking to make history as the first player to hit the back of the net   in three finals. To reach the Berlin final, Juventus (nicknamed The Old Lady)… In "News" Manchester (UK) - There was barely time for the full inquest into Juventus’ exit from the UEFA Champions League to even begin before the club delivered their own blunt verdict. They sacked their coach, Maurizio Sarri. Not so long ago, there would have been surprise, perhaps even some outrage, at… In "Sports" Neymar Jnr capped a wonderful evening for FC Barcelona, netting the third goal of yesterday evening’s party in Berlin, Germany, to prolong Juventus’ goalie, Gianluigi Buffon’s wait for a UEFA Champions League trophy and breaking Juve hearts in Torino and around the world to seal Barca’s fifth triumph in Europe.… In "Sports"