By Chibuike Nwabuko ABUJA (Sundiata Post) – President Muhammadu Buhari has expressed disgust over the gruesome murder of Ahmed Gulak in Owerri, assuring that the federal government will deploy all resources at it’s disposal to ensure that such callous and criminal elements are brought to justice.” The President’s reaction was contained in a statement released via twitter handle of his spokesman, Garba Shehu. President Buhari therefore condoled with the family of the deceased, the people and government of Adamawa State as well as his friends and associates all over the country. The statement reads: President Muhammadu Buhari has expressed outrage and disgust over what he called “the heinous murder of Adamawa politician Ahmed Gulak in Owerri, Imo State by yet to be identified gunmen.” Reacting to the development on Sunday, the President said: “I’m repulsed by such premeditated and gruesome murder of Gulak by evil people who are determined to undermine the peace, unity and territorial integrity of our country. “Let me warn however that nobody or group of people who engages in such despicable acts should expect to go free. We will deploy all resources at our disposal to ensure that such callous and criminal elements are brought to justice.” Finally, President Buhari expressed his “deep condolences to the family of the deceased, the people and government of Adamawa State as well as his friends and associates all over the country. Recall that Ahmed Gulak was murdered on Sunday morning on his way to Owerri airport by unknown Gunmen. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Special Adviser on Political Matters to the erstwhile President of Nigeria, Ahmed Ali Gulak has been assassinated. It was gathered that he was killed in his Hotel room in Owerri, Imo State by a yet to be identified gunmen. Source said he… In "Top Stories" •Dr Ahmed Gulak AKURE - Governor Rotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State has reacted to the death of a former presidential aide, Mr Ahmed Gulak, saying it is calculated to instigate northerners against South Easterners. The governor described the killing as "senseless and wicked". Gulak, who was killed on Sunday in… In "News" •Late Dr Ahmed Gulak By Ikechukwu Iweajunwa OWERRI - Police Commissioner in Imo, Abutu Yaro, says operatives of the command have arrested suspected killers of Mr Ahmed Gulak, former aide to ex-President Goodluck Jonathan, in the state on Sunday.The CP confirmed this in a press statement issued to the News… In "Top Stories"