Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has asked Nigerians to be vigilant and demand proper identification from officers when confronted with the possibility of arrest. Addressing reporters on Thursday, the Zonal Head of the Lagos EFCC Office, Ghali Ahmed, advised Nigerians to always report any suspicious operation to the nearest office of the anti-graft agency. We need to be wary of the antics of this gang of impostors and to report any suspicious “operations” to the nearest EFCC office,” he said. The zonal head added, “Above all, we enjoin members of the public confronted with the possibility of arrest, to demand proper identification from arresting officers. “They can also demand arrest warrant, as the commission does not embark on any operation without a warrant. The operations of the commission are usually in line with international best practices.” In this picture taken on May 13, 2021, the Zonal Head of EFCC Lagos Office, Ghali Ahmed, briefs reporters at the agency’s office. He explained that the advice became necessary after EFCC operatives arrested two suspects and a Mobile Police inspector for impersonating officials of the commission and extorting members of the public in Lagos. The suspects – Pascal Chijioke and Sodiq Adekunle, as well as the policeman – Edwin Bassey – were arrested at the New Horizon Estate in the Lekki area of the state during an illegal operation to serve a purported court order on an unsuspecting victim. “They however ran out of luck as the commission, acting on a tip-off, swooped on them. “Items recovered from them include the fake EFCC ID cards, the jackets, the purported court order touted to have emanated from Mushin Magistrate Court, a truckload of household properties belonging to the unsuspecting victim. “The suspects have made useful statements and will soon be arraigned in court,” said Ahmed. According to him, the EFCC has recorded some progress in the course of its operations and the most significant of them is the recent action that led to the arrest of the alleged impostors and police inspector. Channels TV By Naomi Sharang Abuja - Operatives of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) Port Harcourt Zonal Office have arrested six suspected internet fraudsters at their hotel hideout in Rumuigbo, Port Harcourt, Rivers. A Press Statement issued in Abuja on Sunday by the commission’s spokesman, Mr Tony Orilade said they… In "News" By Mujidat Oyewole Ilorin - The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has arrested a 36-year-old in Ilorin for alleged N60 million fraud. The Zonal Head of the EFCC in Ilorin, Mr Isyaka Sharu, stated this in Ilorin at a press briefing on Friday. He said that the commission had… In "News" Sahara Reporters has shared details of the alleged misgivings of Acting Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, Ibrahim Magu.A recent report exposed how Magu protected his godson after he was caught in an extortion web. Rather than sanction stiff punishment for the erring officer, Magu went ahead to… In "News"