Following the injuries sustained by a former presidential aspirant, Omoyele Sowore, after a tear gas canister was fired by a police operative in Abuja, the Minister of State for Labour and Employment, Festus Keyamo, SAN, has reacted, stating that any attempt to change the present government other than through election is treasonable.  Keyamo, a member of the cabinet of the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), stated this in a two-part tweet on Monday afternoon. Sowore was reportedly shot on Monday by a female police officer at the Unity Fountain in Abuja. The politician, who is the convener of the #RevolutionNow and #BuhariMustGo campaigns, was preparing to hold a rally with some associates when the incident happened at the Unity Fountain in Abuja, on Monday. Keyamo, who took to Twitter, wrote, “After long years of turbulent, military govts, Nigerians have agreed to adopt democracy as the best and only form of govt. Any attempt to change a government other than the ballot box or other constitutional means is treasonable no matter how it is packaged in some sentimental jargon. “All arguments against a govt should be geared towards persuading the citizens to vote against it at the next polls or invoking constitutional provisions through democratic institutions. Any shortcut outside these is an invitation to anarchy and no reasonable govt will tolerate it.” After long years of turbulent, military govts, Nigerians have agreed to adopt democracy as the best and ONLY form of govt. Any attempt to CHANGE a govt other than the ballot box or other constitutional means is TREASONABLE no matter how it is packaged in some sentimental jargon By Alex Enumah Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The federal government on Monday brought detained Convener of #RevolutionNow protest, Omoyele Sowore, to court for arraignment on a seven count charge bordering on treasonable felony and money laundering. Sowore, presidential candidate of the African Action Congress (AAC) in the February 23 presidential… In "Top Stories" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Security forces comprising of Army, Air Force, Department of State Service (DSS), Police and other paramilitary have taken over the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), Abuja, over the planned #RevolutionNow protest, being organised by the Presidential Candidate of the African Action Congress (AAC) in the 2019… In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Nigeria Police Force has accused the convener of #RevolutionNow Protests, Omoyele Sowore and the Global Coalition for Security and Democracy in Nigeria of trying to force a regime change in the country. The Police said inciting Nigerians, home and abroad, to join a planned ‘revolution’… In "Top Stories"