Gov. Nasir El-Rufai of Kaduna State says there is no ground for compromise with the Nigerian Labor Congress (NLC) over the ongoing warning strike embarked by the union in the state. The governor disclosed this on Tuesday in an interview in Kaduna while reacting to the five-day warning strike by labour unions in the state that had entered second day.According to him, the unions have used their last ultimate weapon and it would not change anything.He stressed that “the state government will not change its position.”The governor claimed that the NLC has committed offences bordering on economic sabotage, hence, the government had issued an order for arrest of NLC President, Ayuba Wabba. “Anyone who sees the NLC president should report to the nearest police station or report to us. He will be prosecuted for economic sabotage,” he said.Meanwhile, hours after the governor declared the NLC president wanted, Wabba dared him to come and arrest him.Wabba said in an interview with journalists while leading thousands of workers in protest on the streets of Kaduna metropolis.‘We are here and waiting for them to arrest me,” he declared.  (NAN) Kaduna Governor, Nasir El-Rufai has promised a handsome reward to anyone who can provide the location of the National President of the Nigerian Labour Congress (NLC) Comrade Ayuba Wabba. The comes after the governor declared Wabba and other members of the union wanted. They were declared wanted for economic sabotage… In "News" Kaduna Governor Nasir El-Rufai and the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) are gearing up for a showdown following a directive by the labour union to all its affiliates to join the five-day warning strike. The Nation reports the warning strike, which starts by midnight on Sunday, is in protest against mass… In "News" The governor of Kaduna state has attacked the NLC over its 5-day warning strike. Governor Nasir El-Rufai has accused the Nigeria Labour Congress of using its warning strike to sabotage his state's economy. The state government said that the conditions that compelled its decision to right-size its work force had… In "News"