The family of a first-year student of the Rivers State College of Health Science and Management Technology, who was allegedly raped by a lecturer in the institution, Mr Princewill Chukwure Chikakpobi, has cried out over the life of their daughter, calling on the state government, police and other stakeholders to help get justice for the victim who they claim is contemplating suicide. The mother of the victim, Lemon Gbara, while speaking during the week stated that, “As I’m talking to you, my daughter wants to commit suicide. I’m just pleading with the Rivers State Government to do something. I have reported this case to the police and I want the state government to take very disciplinary actions against this man,” Mrs Gbara said. She alleged that the lecturer who is also the Head of Department of Dental Surgery Technology, had lured her daughter to his office and had raped her, alleging that the lecturer threatened to deal with her daughter if she mentioned her ordeal to anyone. Speaking further, Gbara said the lecturer asked her daughter to assist him in carrying a generator out of the office, adding that the innocent girl didn’t know that he planned to rape her. She disclosed that on April 16, 2021, her daughter came early to school since she had exams to write and the HOD called her to assist him carry a generator outside from a packing store close to the lecturer’s office. “As she entered the office, this man locked the door, forced himself on my daughter and raped her and then threatened that if she mentions the incident to anybody, she will not graduate from the school,” she said. Mrs Gbara alleged that the HOD threatened her daughter that if she tells anybody or refuses to comply any time he needs her, he will ensure she does not graduate from the institution, accusing the lecturer of raping and constantly harassing her daughter even after the incident. She regretted that her daughter who is barely four months in the institution is being subjected to trauma and emotional pain which has made her to contemplate suicide. Mrs Gbara, a native of Ogoni, called on the Rivers State Government to wade into the matter and ensure the lecturer was dealt with in line with the law so that other female students will not become victims. Meanwhile, a lawyer with Centre for Basic Rights Protection and Accountability Campaign, Barrister I.K Alexander Esq has called on the Provost of the college to cooperate with the police to ensure the HOD submits himself for investigation considering the allegation that the rape took place within the institution. He equally urged the police to display professionalism in handling the matter and ensure their investigation is devoid of sentiment and bias, adding that if the HOD is found wanting in course of an investigation, he should be made to face the law. (Tribune) Port Harcourt - The family members of late Miss Matilda Itonyo, the final year female law student of the  in the early hours of Tuesday, December 10, in her apartment in Eagle lsland, Port Harcourt, have cried out for justice. Madam Tari Itonyo, mother of the deceased described late Matilda  as her… In "Metro" The mother of a 14-year-old schoolgirl who was allegedly abducted by a three-man kidnap syndicate recently, Mrs Ukamaka Onyechi, was terribly alarmed when she got a call from her daughter’s guardian in school decrying her absence several days after school had resumed. At first, the rattled mother found the message… In "Metro" By Moji Eniola Ikeja - The absence of Lagos State counsel, has stalled the  trial of Dr Afeez Baruwa, an ex-lecturer of the University of Lagos, accused of raping an 18-year-old admission seeker (name withheld). The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Baruwa was scheduled to open his defence… In "News"