The Chief Fire Officer of Enugu State, Mr Okwudili Ohaa, said timely intervention of Fire Service saved INEC headquarters from burning down completely.  Ohaa told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Enugu on Monday that five INEC operational vehicles were completely burnt and one was partially burnt. NAN reports that fire, whose cause is yet to be identified, broke out at the INEC headquarters in Enugu, located at No. 1 Achi Street, Independent Layout, at about 9:30 p.m. He said that fire-fighters from the state’s fire service were able to put off the fire at about 10:30 p.m. “Our timely intervention saved INEC headquarters Enugu from burning completely. “We were able to quench the fire immediately as it tried to spread to the main building of the INEC Headquarters. “It only gutted two seats, probably visitors seats at the corridors upstairs,’’ he said. Earlier, the state’s Commissioner of Police, Mr Mohammed Aliyu, told NAN at about 11p.m. on Sunday that he was on ground and taking control of the efforts to put off the fire. Several calls made to INEC officials, especially the state’s Resident Electoral Commissioner (REC), his deputies as well as INEC state Public Relations Officer was not answered. NAN recalls that on May 13, there was a fire outbreak at the INEC area office located at Orba community in Udenu Local Government Area of the state at about 9:40 p.m, which police are currently investigating.  (NAN) The Commissioner of Police in Enugu State, Mr Mohammed Aliyu, has ordered investigation into the fire incident at Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) headquarters in the state. Aliyu also directed a total cordon off of the premises to allow for proper investigation of the incident. The Police Public Relations Officer,… In "News" By Stanley Nwanosike Enugu - The Police Command in Enugu State says that no life or property was lost in the minor fire outbreak which occurred at the mattress section of Ogbete Main Market, Enugu on Friday. The Command’s Public Relations Officer, SP Ebere Amaraizu, told the News Agency of… In "News" The Commissioner of Police in Enugu State, Mr Mohammed Aliyu, has ordered investigation of fire outbreak at the Obollo-Afor office of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) in the state. Aliyu also directed the cordoning off of the scene for the thorough probe to further ascertain the actual cause of… In "News"