The Commissioner of Police in Enugu State, Mr Mohammed Aliyu, has ordered investigation of fire outbreak at the Obollo-Afor office of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) in the state.  Aliyu also directed the cordoning off of the scene for the thorough probe to further ascertain the actual cause of the fire outbreak and damages incurred. The state’s Police Public Relations Officer, ASP Daniel Ndukwe, said this in a statement made available to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) early Friday morning. Ndukwe said that the fire incident, which happened at INEC office in Obollo-Afor located in Udenu Local Government Area of Enugu State, happened on May 13, at about 9.40 p.m. “The Command received a distress call at its Udenu Police Divisional Headquarters alleging that there was fire outbreak at the Obollo-Afor office of the INEC in Udenu council area. “Police operatives attached to the Division immediately raced to the scene, while contacting Enugu State Fire Service office in the area to promptly put off the fire,’’ he said. He said that the fire was eventually put off before it could spread to other offices around the building, through combined efforts of the fire service, the police and law-abiding citizens. “Preliminary investigation suggests that the fire may have been caused by power surge due to sudden power supply to the building before the incident occurred,’’ the police spokesman however said.  (NAN) Enugu - The Police in Enugu have arrested two suspects for kidnapping and armed robbery in Amala and Obollo-Afor communities in Udenu Local Government area of the state. A statement by the Command’s Public Relations Officer, Mr Ebere Amaraizu, on Tuesday in Enugu said the arrests were made during a… In "News" Nsukka (Enugu State)  - The Police in Nsukka on Saturday arrested two men who wore masquerade costume in Ovoko community in Nsukka LGA for allegedly beating up a passenger on commercial motorcycle and robbing him of N57,000. The incident happened on the Nsukka /Oballo-Afor highway. A police source said policemen… In "News" Nsukka (Enugu State)- Six people were killed while four others sustained injuries on Sunday when an articulated vehicle crashed into a drinking/football viewing centre near Obollo Afor in Udenu Local Government, Enugu State. The accident occurred around 2.30 p.m. at Umusigide Obollo Etiti in the same local government. The articulated… In "News"