President Muhammadu Buhari’s Minister of State for Labour and Employment, Festus Keyamo has opened up on why he supported Niger Delta militants, Asari Dokubo and groups like the Niger Delta Avengers and MASSOB in the past.  He said it was not because he believed in Nigeria’s breakup, but because he believed in the right to self-determination. Keyamo stated this while speaking on an NTA flagship programme titled, ‘One-on-One’. He said, “No one can stand before me and tell me about human rights. I have seen everything. I represented almost all separatist groups in this country like MASSOB, Niger Delta Volunteers Force, the Niger Delta Avengers. “I represented all of them in court. When Asari Dokubo was arrested, when he was calling for a division at that time, I did not support the division, of course, let me be clear. I was only talking about the right to self-determination.” In January 2003, Keyamo was designated a prisoner of conscience by Amnesty International, because of his activities as the leader of Movement for the Actualisation of the Future Republic of the Niger Delta.  Source There is no executive or administrative corruption without civil partnerships. What we often see on the surface as corruption in government agencies is deeply tap-rooted -- with connectors to social crusaders, polemists, activists and civic groups. Corruption in Nigeria has a long value chain. The probe of the management of… In "Opinion" •Asari Dokubo and Nnamdi Kanu Agitation for an independent state of Biafra suffered a setback Friday with a former Niger Delta militant leader, Asari Dokubo describing the leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) Nnamdi Kanu, as an “idiot.” Asari, a former leader of the Niger Delta People’s Volunteer… In "News" By Jacinta Nwachukwu Abuja -   Prof. Charles Dokubo, Coordinator, Presidential Amnesty Programme (PAP), has solicited the support of Phase One leaders of Niger Delta ex-agitators to ensure Buhari’s re-election in the 2019 general elections. Dokubo made the appeal at a meeting with the Phase One leaders of Niger Delta… In "Top Stories"