The Managing Director, National Inland Waterways Authority (NIWA) and All Progressives Congress (APC) governorship aspirant in Anambra State, Chief George Moghalu, has appealed to members to insist on a credible aspirant capable of wresting power from the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA) in the November 6 election.  He said the choice of aspirant with questionable character for the primary election would be risky and could spell doom for the party at the election proper. Speaking at the weekend in Awka during the inauguration of one of his campaign teams, Georgey Likeminds, Moghalu urged party faithful not to be swayed by the unrealistic promises of his co-aspirants. He said: “This is a season of lies and empty promises. Many will promise you free education from the primary to tertiary levels. They will promise to build universities in the 21 local governments, tar roads to your doorsteps and other promises. “But remain firm in what you believe in. This coming poll is not going to start and end with the primary election. There’s going to be the main election. We must go to the polls with a candidate that can win. “A friend once told me that if you don’t have integrity, don’t venture into politics. We must elect a candidate that has no baggage because people’s integrity will be tested.” Commending members of the group for their support and dedication to his aspiration, the governorship aspirant pledged not to betray the confidence reposed in him. The state Coordinator of the group, Rev. Chris Orajekwe, described Moghalu as the only son of the party in the race. He pledged his members’ commitment to actualise his aspiration. “We have over 7,000 followers across the local governments who are ready to work with you. We believe in you because we know you’re the only son of the APC vying for the position among others. We’re proud of associating with a man of your calibre,” Orajekwe added.  Source The Managing Director of the National Inner Waterways, Chief George Moghalu, has raised the alarm over ghost names on the Anambra State register of the All Progressives Congress. Moghalu, who is one of the party’s governorship aspirants for the 2021 Anambra governorship election, urged the party leadership to use the… In "Politics" By Emmanuel Mogbede Abuja -   Dr George Moghalu, All Progressives Congress (APC) National Auditor and Anambra governorship aspirant, says the state has the potential to be the best in the country if well managed. He made this known in Abuja on Tuesday while speaking with newsmen on his desire… In "Politics" Former Abia governor, Dr. Orji Uzor Kalu, has advised aspirants for the Anambra State governorship poll on the platform of the All Progressives Congress (APC) to, on their own, select a candidate. He said this at a meeting with the APC aspirants in Abuja on Thursday. The election is scheduled… In "News"