A former Nigerian President, Olusegun Obasanjo has alleged that President Muhammadu Buhari and Goodluck Jonathan paid ransoms to kidnappers despite the fact that they deny it.  Obasanjo made the bombshell statement when he received members of Tiv Professionals Group (TPG) at the Olusegun Obasanjo Presidential Library (OOPL) in Abeokuta, Ogun State, on Wednesday. Obasanjo said not just the Buhari administration but that of former President Goodluck Jonathan negotiated with kidnappers. “Government has always paid ransom. Not only this government, even during Jonathan (administration). They paid ransom, but they deny it,” he said. Obasanjo urged the government to develop a means to deal with kidnappers and bandits, instead of pampering them with ransom payment. “Some people are still reaching out, and hoping that lives can still be saved. But a situation whereby anybody thinks paying ransom is the way out, that person is folly. “He is a folly. This is because when you pay ransom, you encourage. But if you are not going to pay ransom, you must have the means to deal heavily with it. You must have the stick to deal with it,” he said. Rumours of ransom payment had emerged in several negotiations between the Buhari administration and Boko Haram terrorists. There were also speculations of ransom payments in negotiations between state governments and terrorists. The Buhari government was said to have paid ransom to secure the release of both the Chibok and the Dapchi schoolgirls. The Chibok schoolgirls were kidnapped on 14 April 2014 during Jonathan’s era. But four years later, Buhari had his own dose of kidnapping, when the Dapchi girls were captured in February 2018 in Yobe state. Less than a month after, the girls were released, with one of them, Leah Sharibu held back. Ransom was suspected, but the Buhari administration vehemently denied it.  Source “Former President Obasanjo is a courageous patriot and statesman who tells truth to power when he is convinced leaders are doing wrong” – Muhammadu Buhari, March 4, 2015. “Buhari is sick in the spirit, body and soul. Let’s beg him to go and rest…Let’s give chance to another person” –… In "Opinion" Olusegun Obasanjo is a defining personality in Nigeria’s politics. For decades he has hovered like a wraith over the political cumulus. He is one of the many Nigerian leaders who have profited prodigiously from the country’s undertaking, and he has lived a lifetime on the Nigerian privilege. Fate handed Obasanjo… In "Opinion" The Oba of Lagos, Rilwan Akiolu, on Thursday berated former President Olusegun Obasanjo, accusing him of being the cause of the injustices he was accusing the President Goodluck Jonathan administration of. The Oba also denied reports in the social media that he had endorsed the All Progressives Congress, APC, presidential… In "News"