Abuja –  Bandits in Shinkafi local government area of Zamfara state are giving out cows for Pentax injections and other hard drugs to enable them perpetrate evil. Former National Secretary of APGA Dr. Abdullahi Shinkafi stated this while breaking Ramadan fast with Journalists in Gusau, Zamfara State. He also said a gun runner who sold over 250,000 live ammunition in Zamfara state in company of some security personnel was also arrested. He appealed to residents of the state to support Governor Bello Matawalle and security agencies in the fight against banditry. “Bandits In Shinkafi local government Exchange Cows For Pentax Injection and other Hard Drugs,” he said. “How would a state live in peace with this type of people leaving in the society pretending they are good citizens? “Some traditional rulers are not helping matters as they contribute to the worsening of the security situation by aiding banditry for the love of material things at the detriment of the masses.” According to him, a gun runner who uses security operatives as escort to deliver ammunition to bandits in the bush was also arrested. He said the suspect has confessed to have sold over two hundred and fifty thousand live ammunition to criminals in Zamfara state alone. Also, some kidnappers who killed their victim, an indigene of Zamfara State after collecting a ten million naira ransom, were also arrested in Gusau. Shinkafi applauded the state government and security agencies over the recent arrest of 35 bandit collaborators, including a driver who transports kidnap victims to the bandits hideouts. Source By Ishaq Zaki Gusau -  The Speaker of Zamfara State House of Assembly, Alhaji Sanusi Rikiji, has urged Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) in the state to expose any suspicious persons among them. Rikiji made the call on Thursday when he visited the Shinkafi and Maradun IDPs camps. The News Agency… In "News" By Doris Esa   Abuja  -  The Nigerian Air Force says the Air Task Force (ATF) for Operation DIRAN MIKIYA, has successfully executed air strikes that destroyed more bandit camps in Daji Bawar and Sunke Villages in Zamfara State. Air Commodore Ibikunle Daramola, NAF Director of Public Relations and Information,… In "News" By Abubakar Ahmed Gusau - Eleven abductees including three children, have regained their freedom in Zamfara. The children whom are aged between one and seven years have, alongside five men and three women, been handed over to Gov.Bello Matawalle on Sunday in Gusau. This was disclosed in a statement signed… In "News"