By Ikenna Uwadileke ABUJA – The Chief Whip of the Senate, Sen. Orji Kalu, has urged security agencies to ensure the rescue of students of Abia State University (ABSU) who were kidnapped on Thursday. The yet-to-be-confirmed number of students were kidnapped while transiting on a bus on Okigwe-Uturu Road. Kalu in a statement issued on Thursday in Abuja, described the incident as devastating and evil. He commended Gov. Okezie Ikpeazu of Abia and Hope Uzodinma of Imo for their efforts toward rescuing the victims from the criminals. The former governor of Abia called on the residents of Abia and Imo states to be vigilant, steadfast and peaceful, stressing that the safe release of the abducted students remained paramount. Kalu tasked government at all levels to work harmoniously in ensuring the prompt and safe release of the abducted students. “The abduction of students of Abia State University by unidentified hoodlums along the Okigwe-Uturu Road is totally condemnable. “The students are the future leaders and as such they don’t deserve to go through this pain. “I am touched and unhappy. All hands must be on deck to secure the release of the abducted students. “We must join hands with security agencies in exposing the perpetrators of evil acts in society. “I applaud the governors of Abia and Imo states for working closely with other stakeholders in a bid to ensure the safe release of the abducted students,’’ Kalu said. He called on the ABSU community to be calm and optimistic, adding that the fight against kidnapping and other vices were the collective responsibility of all levels of government regardless of political affiliation. (NAN) As insecurity worsens in the country, unknown gunmen have abducted an unspecified number of students of Abia State University Uturu, ABSU. The incident according to reports occurred Wednesday night as the students were in a commercial bus returning from Okigwe to Uturu around 8:00 pm. Meanwhile, Abia State Government has… In "News" By Sam Oditah UMUAHIA - Abia Government has confirmed Wednesday’s reported abduction of some students of the Abia State University (ABSU), Uturu Okigwe by gunmen operating on the university road. The Commissioner for Information, Chief Okiyi Kalu, confirmed the incident in a statement in Umuahia on Thursday.Kalu stated that government… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Federal lawmaker representing Abia North senatorial district, Senator Orji Uzor Kalu has said that the south east does not understand national politics and does not play politics the way it ought to be played. The former governor of Abia State who accused the… In "Top Stories"