Duke of Sussex, Prince Harry has revealed that he first met his wife, Meghan Markle in a supermarket and they pretended not to know each other. He said they acted like they were grabbing some essentials at the shops as they got together for the first time. The royal couple did their best to stay “incognito” to avoid attracting attention. Harry says he wore a cap and was looking at the floor as they finally met up. The Duke of Sussex made this revelation while speaking during Dax Shepard’s Armchair Expert podcast. He said: “The first time Meghan and I met up for her to come and stay with me, we met up in a supermarket in London, pretending we didn’t know each other, texting each other from the other side of the aisles. “There’s people looking at me, giving me all these weird looks, and coming up to me and saying ‘hi’. “I texted her saying “is this the right one”, and she said “no you want parchment paper”, and “I’m like where’s the parchment paper?!” “I had baseball cap on, looking down at the floor, trying to stay incognito. It’s amazing how much chewing gum you see, it’s a mess!” He went on to say what he really loves about living a quiet life in America. Harry says that life had felt “more free” since his move to LA. He continued on the podcast: “Living here now I can actually lift my head and actually I feel different, my shoulders have dropped, so has hers, you can walk around feeling a little bit more free. “I can take Archie on the back of my bicycle. I never had the chance to do that.”  Source It's official: Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are married. In front of around 600 of their closest friends and family at St. George's Chapel at Windsor Castle, Prince Harry and Markle exchanged their vows, said their "I do's," and officially became the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. It happened! Meghan… In "Foreign" If you're planning on attending the British royal wedding this spring, you can finally stake out a spot on the processional route. Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's wedding will take place at 12 p.m. GMT (7 a.m. ET) on May 19, 2018, Kensington Palace announced Monday morning. The Palace had… In "Entertainment" London -  Vintage Rolls Royce cars used by Queen Elizabeth and members of the British royal family over the past seven decades are to be auctioned next month, at prices expected to reach up to 2.6 million U.S. dollars. Top of the list at the sale by auctioneers Bonhams on… In "Foreign"