OWERRI – Bishop of the Anglican Diocese of Egbu, Imo State, Rt. Rev. Geoffrey Okoroafor has called on Southeast governors to consider dialoguing with the aggrieved persons behind the violence in the region. Speaking at a press conference to mark the 25th anniversary of the Egbu Diocese at the Bishop’s Court, Egbu, Owerri North council area of the state, Bishop Okoroafor said the Southeast governors should endeavour to negotiate with the agitators to ascertain their grievances and the way forward. The cleric, who also called on the aggrieved people to come out to say their problems in the interest of peace, said “If dialogue is what is required to solve this problem, our governors should do that to ascertain their grievances and the way forward. I believe that there’s no smoke without fire.” He expressed worry at the level of destruction perpetrated by the agitators, lamenting that they were rather creating more problems for the people they claim to be fighting for. According to him, “This is affecting everyone. You don’t create problem while trying to solve it. Attacking police stations and security installations and killing security operatives, is creating more problems “When you burn governor’s house and cars, it is still the state’s money that would be used to rebuild and replace them,” he said. Okoroafor also called on the federal and state governments to put more effort in solving unemployment problem as according to him, it is increasing insecurity situation in the country. Justifying the celebration, the bishop said, “We’re rejoicing and giving glory to God that our diocese is 25 today. It was inaugurated on 15th of January 1996 having been carved out of Owerri in November in 1995. “We have trudged on with one archdeaconry in Egbu and 10 parishes. But today, we have 19 archdeaconries with over 80 parishes, establishment of five Secondary Schools including Archdeacon Dennis Secondary School in Egbu as well hospitals and many other institutions built to help the society.” (The Nation) By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Former Aviation Minister (Dr) Mrs Kema Chikwe, former Amambra State Governor, Peter Obi, First Lady of Ondo state, Arabinrin Betty Anyanwu Akeredolu, Mr Ernest Ebi, MFR, Former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria, will on Saturday, the 21st of December be… In "News" •Anambra State Governor, Willie Obiano By Geoffrey Anyanwu, Awka  AWKA - Anambra State Governor, Chief Willie Obiano, has raised the alarm decrying the infiltration of evil spirits into the Government House. Consequently, he has urged the church to pray so that the evil spirits would flee from the State House.… In "News" LAGOS (Sundiata Post) - A serious crisis is brewing in the Church of Nigeria (Anglican Communion), following the recent election of the Rt. Rev. Humphrey Olumakaiye as the new Bishop of Lagos. There had also been serious allegation of corruption and ind­ucement of members with money during the election held… In "Local News"