Nobel Laureate, Prof. Wole Soyinka, says he doesn’t believe Nigerian unity is attainable under the current regime of the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.) due to its systemic failure.  Soyinka said this in Abuja on Saturday at the book reading and signing of two of his books titled ‘Trumpism in Academe’ and ‘Chronicles of the Happiest People on Earth’ organised by Rovenheights Bookstore and Orisun Gallery.  Former Governor Rochas Okorocha of Imo State had asked Soyinka if he could write a Nigerian story that would evoke patriotism and inspire unity among the various tribes in the country. Responding, the playwright said no narrative would unite the people of Nigeria without restitution and justice. He explained that persons in Internally Displaced Persons’ camps, who had lost relatives and loved ones due to violence, would not embrace any story of unity unless they got justice. The Nobel laureate said Nigeria had lost a key opportunity to unite, adding that he didn’t believe the regime of Buhari could unite Nigeria because it suffered from systemic failure. For Buhari regime, criticisms come at a priceSenator demands drastic action against Buhari regimeSoyinka added, “We had a critical moment and we lost that moment. The moment when this country could have come together; and the sense of oneness, belonging. That vision of oneness. We lost that moment. There has been more than one moment and we lost the moment. Will another one come? I don’t know. Right now I don’t see it under this government quite frankly. “There is a failure, a systemic failure in present governance and I don’t know who can put it together. These days, I try to go some days without reading the newspapers. It is so depressing.” Soyinka said he personally believed that Nigeria should not break up but should remain one entity. He, however, argued that it was wrong of the government to continue to say the country’s unity was non-negotiable.  Source Professor Wole Soyinka was keynote speaker at the maiden annual lecture of the Ripples Centre for Data and Investigative Journalism held in Lagos on March 15. Topic: “Rebuilding Trust in a Divided Nigeria: Can Nigeria be fixed?” The Nobel Laureate did not disappoint. His presentation titled “From Miyetti to Haiti:… In "Opinion" The residence of Professor Wole Soyinka, Nigeria's Nobel Laurette, has been attacked in Abeokuta by Fulani herdsmen. According to SaharaReporters, the Southern and Middle Belt Forum has now condemned the attack on the Abeokuta residence of the Nobel Laurette which took place on Tuesday. It was learnt that Soyinka had… In "News" By Rotimi Ijikanmi Abuja -  Nobel Laureate Prof. Wole Soyinka said that former President Olusegun Obasanjo is the least worthy of former Heads of State to champion the political recovery process of the nation. He said by doing so, Obasanjo has “crossed the red line”. Soyinka stated this in Abuja… In "Top Stories"