By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Former Minister of Aviation, Femi Fani-Kayode has slammed the Attorney General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami over his reaction to the open grazing ban by southern governors. Malami had while reacting to the open grazing ban on Channels TV said that the ban on open grazing is like banning sale of spare parts in the northern Nigeria. Fani-Kayode who took to his twitter handle account to respond said “how the Attorney General can compare killer Fulani herdsmen to law-abiding spare part dealers beats me.” He further stated that the former are bloodthirsty terrorists who have nothing to offer but death and destruction whilst the latter are peace-loving men and women who are providing a vital service. Sundiata Post recalls that last Tuesday, southern governors resolved to ban open grazing and the movement of cattle by foot, after a meeting in Asaba, Delta state. The resolutions of the southern governors have been greeted with mixed reactions from different parts of the country. The decision of the southern governors is coming against the backdrop of the allegation that the federal government has treated the killing and kidnappings perpetrated by these fulani herdsmen with kids gloves. However, the attorney-general said the decision “does not hold water” in the context of human rights as enshrined in the constitution. “It is about constitutionality within the context of the freedoms expressed in our constitution. Can you deny the rights of a Nigerian?” he queried. Fani-Kayode” tweet reads: ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - Governor Rotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State has reacted to the statement credited to Alhaji Abubakar Malami, Attorney General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, condemning the recent ban on open grazing by 17 governors of the Southern States. Malami in an interview with Channels TV… In "News" Southern governors’ resolutions at their meeting on Tuesday generated more nationwide reactions on Wednesday. The northern sociopolitical group, the Arewa Consultative Forum, told The PUNCH that some of those advocating restructuring were bent on the disintegration of the country. The group, however, supported the decision of the governors to ban… In "News" Cabal In Presidency Tightens Noose Around Osinbajo’s Neck – Fani-Kayode In "Top Stories"