…Says patriotism, love for one another will help country surmount present security challenges By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – As as Nigerian muslims join their counterparts the world over to celebrate Eid-el-Fitri after a successful Ramadan, the Director General, National Institute for Legislative and Democratic Studies,NILDS, Professor Abubakar O. Sulaiman has urged Nigerians to sustain their prayers for peace and stability in the country. Prof. Sulaiman in a statement called on Muslim faithfuls to strengthen the bond of friendship and unity among each other and always exhibit the good virtues of Ramadan for the progress of the country. “We extend our sincere appreciation to Almighty Allah that has made it possible for us to see this important day and pray that He continues to grant favour to our country, Nigeria, for peace and progress. We also thank Almighty Allah for the mercies He has granted us and pray for sound health and wisdom, development and progress of Nigeria,” he said. He noted that despite the myriad of challenges in the country, all hope is not lost, adding that, only tolerance, a stronger sense of patriotism and love for one another will help the country surmount her present security challenges. By Ummul IdrisAbuja - The Nigerian Medical Association (NMA) has felicitated with Muslims on this year’s Eid-el-Fitr celebration which marks the end of the holy month of Ramadan. NMA in a statement issued on Wednesday in Abuja by its National President, Dr Francis Faduyile, however urged Muslims to pray for… In "News" By Ummul IdrisAbuja - The Nigerian Medical Association (NMA) has felicitated with Muslims on this year’s Eid-el-Fitr celebration which marks the end of the holy month of Ramadan. NMA in a statement issued on Wednesday in Abuja by its National President, Dr Francis Faduyile, however urged Muslims to pray for… In "News" ABUJA - Vice-President Namadi Sambo has urged Nigerians to sustain their prayers for peace and stability in the country. Sambo made the call in Abuja on Sunday while fielding questions from newsmen after the Eid-el-Fitr prayer. “We extend our sincere happiness to Almighty Allah that has made it possible for… In "News"