The Chief Missioner, Nasru-Lahi-l-Fatih Society (NASFAT), Imam Abdul-Azeez Onike, has urged Nigerians to pray for President Muhammadu Buhari, and others in charge of the nation’s affairs to diligently tackle insecurity challenges.  Onike, in his Sallah message on Wednesday, said that the call became necessary “in view of the myriad of problems besetting Nigeria at this moment’’. He said they should also pray fervently for leadership at all levels in the country for God to direct their affairs so that they could diligently discharge their duties and conduct themselves purposefully. “At this moment in time, banditry, kidnapping for ransom, violent agitation for self-determination by some sections of the country, cultism, terrorism, gangsterism and many more vices, have been the order of the day,’’ he said. Onike, however, prayed to God to assist the leaders to take good decisions that would positively impact on security architecture in the country. He said this would lead to return of peace, tranquility, unity and harmony in our land, and among our people. According to him, whoever has been destined to rule at a point in time must be supported with prayers to succeed, especially, if we have seen indications that he is not tyrannical. Onike said: “Allah hath chosen him above you, and hath gifted him abundantly with knowledge and bodily prowess: Allah Granteth His authority to whom He pleaseth. Allah careth for all, and He knoweth all things. (al-Baqarah 2: 247). “The best of your rulers are those whom you love and who love you, who invoke Allah’s blessing upon you and you invoke His blessings upon them. “The worst of your rulers are those whom you hate and who hate you and whom you curse and who curse you. “If you find yourself inside an aircraft that is facing challenges of turbulent weather mid-air, you have no choice of disembarking from the flight or assisting the pilot in the cockpit, the option left for you is to go into prayer frenzy. “In the spirit of the season and the fact that, we are just getting out of the spiritual overhauling and service clinic of Ramadan, we should remember that our leaders have expectations of us and some rights on us. “These include participation in the process to select the leaders; participation in the process to make a decision; advice and warn the leader; maintaining the harmony of institutions. ”  (NAN) Cleric Urges Continuous Prayers For Nation, Buhari In "News" by Yemi Adeleye Lagos - A Lagos lawmaker, Mr Olayiwola Olawale, on Thursday advised President Muhammadu Buhari to consider changing the nation’s security chiefs to bring in fresh ideas in securing lives and property. Olawale, the Chairman, Lagos State House of Assembly Committee on Home Affairs made the appeal in… In "News" Pentecostal Fellowship of Nigeria (PFN), has lamented continuous silence of President Muhammadu Buhari over the nation’s insecurity, saying that happening’s around the nation is disturbing. PFN urged Buhari to as a matter of urgency address Nigerians on the palpable insecurity situation in the country and take necessary steps to find… In "News"