Ogun Governor Dapo Abiodun has suspended his Senior Special Assistant (SSA) on Special Duties, Abidemi Rufai, following his arrest in New York by Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) over alleged involvement in $350m unemployment benefits fraud in respect of COVID – 19 pandemic.  Reacting through his Chief Press Secretary, Kunle Somorin, Abiodun said the news of his aide’s involvement in fraud is disturbing. He however said the “Governor cannot be held responsible for the actions of a full grown adult.” According to him: “We received the very disturbing news of the arrest of one of the governor’s political appointees, Mr Abidemi Rufai in New York over alleged unemployment benefits and fraud in the United States, this morning. “While the Governor cannot be held responsible for the actions of a full grown adult, especially outside the jurisdiction of Ogun and Nigeria, he has since suspended the suspect from office to enable him answer the charges levelled against him. “The Governor wishes to condemn any act capable of undermining his determination to institute an open, transparent, accountable and morally upright behaviour in the State and in governance. “Gov. Abiodun remains committed to his agenda of building our future together and will not condone criminals either in his government or the state in general.”  Source Some Nigerians have been arrested in the United States for their alleged involvement in multi-million dollar wire fraud scheme. Geoffrey S. Berman, the US Attorney for the Southern District of New York, and James C. Spero, Special Agent in Charge of the Tampa, Florida, Field Office of US Immigration and… In "Foreign" The Federal Bureau of Investigation, FBI, has arrested thirteen Nigerians, according to TheCable. The report revealed that the suspects were arrested over alleged $30 million money laundering scheme in the United States. The US department of justice said federal agents arrested 24 suspects for their involvement in the large-scale fraud… In "News" Babatunde Oyerinde Abidoun a.k.a. Kashy, said to be the owner of a record label 'CashNation Ent. Ltd' has been arrested by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) over his alleged involvement in internet fraud. The suspect who shuttles between Nigeria and the United Arab Emirates (UAE) and allegedly uses… In "News"