ENUGU – The Enugu State Police Command has shot dead a suspected kidnapper after a gun duel with the suspected hoodlums along Old Udi/Oji-River Road in the state. This was disclosed by the State Commissioner of Police Mohammed Aliyu in a statement made available to journalists in Enugu on Saturday. He said the Command also arrested three suspects in different related criminal offences. The Commissioner said Police operatives attached to Udi Police Division in synergy with Local Vigilante Group, on 21/04/2021, intercepted a group of hoodlums suspected to be kidnappers, along Old Udi/Oji-River Road. He said the suspects opened fire on the police team and in the ensuing gun duel; one of them was gunned down and later confirmed dead in hospital and deposited in the mortuary, while others escaped with bullet injuries. Items recovered from them according to Aliyu invalided One cut-to-size locally-made double-barrel gun with three live cartridges, one torchlight, one lighter, a pack of matches, and items suspected to be charms. He said discreet investigation is ongoing to apprehend the fleeing suspects. The Commissioner reaffirmed his commitment to rid the State of unrepentant criminals and their activities, saying: “The reaffirmation is in view of the successful arrest of 3 male criminal suspects for different offences, neutralizing of a suspected kidnapper, as well as recovery of 2 firearms, 3 live cartridges, 2 motor vehicles and other incriminating items by Operatives of the Command.” He also said: “On 26/04/2021 at about 2245hrs, Police Operatives attached to 9th Mile Police Division of the Command, recovered a Toyota Sienna vehicle with registration number: YAB 14 BT, alleged to have been snatched from its owner at gunpoint on the same date at about 2110hrs. “The recovery was due to intense pressure mounted by the Operatives, which made the armed robbers to abandon the vehicle and escaped. However, intense discreet investigation is ongoing to apprehend and bring them to book.” He stated further that Police Operatives attached to Awkunanaw Police Division of the Command in synergy with Neighbourhood Watch group also arrested one Samuel Felix age 26, of Akwuke Road, Gariki, Awkunanaw, Enugu and recovered one (1) cut-to-size locally-made double barrel gun. “His arrest was sequel to a swift response to a distress call received alleging that the suspect and his accomplices at large, were robbing their victims of money, phones, and other valuable at gunpoint in Agu-Uwani Akwuke Zone 2, Enugu. Further discreet investigation is ongoing to apprehend and bring other members of the criminal gang to book,” he said “Also, on 15/04/2021 at about 0135hrs, Goodluck Samuel aged 31, of 15 Nkwo Ezenna Street, Awadah Onitsha, Anambra and Ifeanyi Ozo aged 30, of Agwu L.G.A., were arrested along Nsukka Expressway by 7-Up, 9th Mile in Udi L.G.A., by a Joint Team of Police Operatives attached to 9th Mile Police Division and personnel of the Nigerian Army, 82 Division, Enugu. “The suspects and others at large, were alleged to have attacked and hijacked from its driver and motor-boy, a Dangote’s Sinotruk Truck with Reg. No GRZ 430 XA loaded with bags of cement en-route Awka, Anambra State from Obajana, Kogi State. “They demobilized the truck and were on the verge of trans-loading the bags of cement to a smaller blue-coloured unregistered Mercedes Benz truck they used for the operation when the Joint Operatives swooped on and arrested them. The hijacked truck and goods have been secured, while the said smaller truck has been recovered. A further discreet investigation is ongoing. “The arrested suspects will be charged to court on conclusion of investigations,” he said. The Commissioner, while appreciating the collaborative supports received from the Nigerian Army, Neighbourhood Watch Group and the general public called on residents to remain vigilant and continue to assist the Police with credible information required to further curb acts of crime and criminality in the State. (Daily Independent) The Enugu State Police Command on Monday said it has rescued Pa Michael Obi, the father of Super Eagles Captain, Mikel Obi, from kidnappers. The state Police Public Relations Officer, Ebere Amaraizu, said this in a statement, adding that Pa Obi and his driver, John Ishaya, were abducted on Makurdi-Enugu… In "News" By Stanley Nwanosike Enugu -  The Police Command in Enugu State says it has rescued Pa Michael Obi, father of Mikel Obi, Captain of the Super Eagles, from the kidnappers’ den in a community in the state. The Command’s Spokesman, SP Ebere Amaraizu, disclosed this in a statement issued on… In "News" A gun battle between officers of the Nigerian Army and suspected kidnappers in Rivers State have left three suspected kidnappers dead with others wounded, according to a report by PM News. The news of their death has elicited wild jubilation among members of the Elele Alimini Community and environs in… In "Security"