Governor of Rivers State, Nyesom Wike, has extended the night curfew across the 23 local government areas of the state from 7 p.m. to 6 a.m., with effect from Tuesday, in order to stem dastardly attacks on security formations in the State.  The governor said the decision was taken in the wake of multiple armed ambushes on police checkpoints along the East-West road which resulted in the cold-blooded murder of seven police officers over the weekend. Wike, in a state broadcast on Monday, said the State security council have reviewed the way and manner the recent attacks were executed and discovered that the perpetrators, who disguised themselves as security officers, moved in unhindered from Oyigbo to launch the attack. The governor’s broadcast was relayed to newsmen in Port Harcourt by his Special Assistant on Media, Kelvin Ebiri, on Monday. The statement read, “However, as a further step towards enhancing our collective safety, we have reviewed the existing nighttime curfew across the 23 Local Government Areas, which will now start from 7 p.m. and end at 6 a.m. until further notice from tomorrow 11th May 2021. “The security agencies are hereby directed to note the new curfew time, ensure strict compliance and effectively deal with any person or group that violates or attempts to violate it. “We have reviewed, and for the moment, declined the pressure on the State Government to activate our youth to defend the State from these terrorists because we don’t want to complicate our very delicate security situation by creating opportunities for some other monsters to emerge.” Governor Wike, who consoled the families of the dead officers and the State’s Police Command for the irreparable loss, declared that the government and security agencies are determined to deploy everything at their disposal to advance the safety and security of lives and property in the State. “We wish to assure every resident that we are not intimidated by the sporadic and cowardly attacks on predetermined security targets by faceless criminals on our soil; neither will we be cowed into succumbing to a baseless and doomed secessionists agenda,” the governor added.  Source Governor Nyesom Wike of Rivers state has imposed a night curfew at all entry and exit points with Abia, Akwa Ibom, Bayelsa and Imo States. Governor Wike in a State broadcast said the curfew which takes effect from Wednesday night, is necessitated by the recent security breaches and deadly attacks… In "News" The Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike, has described the allegation that he ordered the army to kill Igbo people in Oyigbo as a “politically-motivated falsehood.”   Wike, in a television programme on Monday in Port Harcourt, said the curfew was imposed to restore calm after IPOB’s attack.   He said,… In "Politics" Wike declared a 24-hour curfew in Oyigbo on October 21 following the outbreak of violence spilling from the EndSARS protest which led to the killing of some members of the army and the police.   The governor, who blamed the unrest on members of the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra… In "Politics"