Borno south senator, Ali Ndume has urged President Muhammadu Buhari to stop paying politicians salaries.  The Chairman, Senate Committee on Army said the salaries of politicians should be used to fight insecurity in the country. The lawmaker made the call while urging Buhari to take the issue of security very seriously. Ndume, who spoke with journalists in Abuja yesterday, said the government should source funds for security same way it did to fund infrastructure and other developmental projects in Nigeria. He said: “The President should make the issue of security a priority. ”He should leave every other thing and concentrate on security. That means even if they will stop paying us and use the money to tackle security. Is it not when you are secured that you talk of other things? It is not only the politicians but everybody. “If you know that you cannot move out of your house and they say sacrifice your salary, won’t you do it? Many people are working from home, yet they are being paid. “They should stop paying salaries and address the whole issue of insecurity. If you don’t have money, stop paying salaries and allowances and use the money to provide security. “If you are borrowing money to provide infrastructure, why can’t we borrow money to protect our people.”  Source Femi Falana, human rights lawyer, wants public officials barred from foreign trips until the insecurity in the country is resolved. President Muhammadu Buhari is currently on a 10-day private visit to the UK. While presenting a paper on press freedom in Nigeria and the rule of law, Falana said the… In "Top Stories" 。。。Says solution to insecurity is to set up a National Task-force 。。。Says Corruption can be rooted out in Nigeria if corruption- fighting agencies are not headed by police 。。。Blames rot in the system on Compromise 。。Decries the high level sabotage within the security circles   The Director General of the… In "Interview" By Bukola Adewumi/Taiye Elebiyo-Edeni Abuja -  Some workers in Abuja on Tuesday urged the Federal Government to address the various security challenges threatening the peace of the nation. Some of the workers made the call when they spoke in separate interviews with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja… In "News"