Mathew Ishaya-Audu, Metropolitan Archbishop of Jos has called on Nigerians to always elect God fearing people as leaders, in the country. The Archbishop who was the immediate past Bishop of Lafia Catholic Diocese, stated this on Sunday during his homily, at the St William Cathedral Lafia, Nasarawa State.According to him, Nigerians should not just examine persons to be elected or appointed into position of responsibilities, based on human criteria. He said if people with the fear of God were elected or appointed into position of responsibilities at all levels, the problem confronting the country would be addressed.Ishaya-Audu added that such persons would practice the fear of God even in governance and execution of policies and programmes, for the good of the entire country.The cleric also urged Nigerians, expecially the wealthy and privileged, to always assist the needy in the society.According to him, if all Nigerians will be their brothers and sisters keepers, it will go a long way in addressing the vices in the country.Ishaya-Audu also called on those wallowing in sins, to repent and accept God as their Lord and Saviour before it becomes too late.He then announced the commencement of a five-day retreat for all Catholic priests in the diocese of Lafia, scheduled to begin from Monday, May 17.The cleric explained that the retreat would be his last in Lafia diocese.He noted that prayers for the state and for an end to the insecurity and other challenges bedeviling the country would also be offered during the retreat.  (NAN). By Sunday John Kokona (Nasarawa State) - Bishop Matthew Audu, the Catholic Bishop of Lafia Diocese, has urged Nigerians to make positive resolutions in order to address the increasing vices in the country. Bishop Audu made the call during the thanksgiving service in honour of John Mamman who celebrated his… In "News" Nassarawa   -   Most Rev. Mathew Audu, the Bishop of the Catholic Diocese of Lafia, Nasarawa State, on Saturday in Masaka wedded 109 couples and urged in-laws not to interfere in their affairs. Audu, who was on his third pastoral visit to St. Martin`s Catholic Church, Masaka, appealed to… In "News" Lafia- Bishop Matthew Audu of the Catholic Diocese of Lafia, Nasarawa State, on Sunday called on Nigerians to preach the gospel of peace, unity and love. In an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lafia, Audu said this would help the country to overcome its security challenges… In "News"