There was pandemonium in Umuneke-Nta in Isiala Mbano Local Council of Imo State, following heavy sporadic gunshots in the community by suspected joint security operatives. It was gathered that the security operatives invaded the community, yesterday, in search of a notorious leader of Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Thaddeus Ekechukwu, popularly known as ‘Moputu’. It was also gathered that the target, husband to a police officer and father of five grown-up children, who is in his late 50s, was seen around the community even till the night before the incident. An indigene of the community, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said: “The security personnel were fully armed. They drove in over seven security vehicles, including an armoured vehicle. They wore jackets with police boldly written on their back. Also, their vehicles were inscribed with ‘FBI-R’” The source further said that the security team arrived in the community around 1:00 a.m. and laid ambush around Moputu’s house in attempt to apprehend him. “But after the long waiting and searching, they couldn’t see him. Some said he disappeared immediately he sensed danger. “Possibly in anger around 8:00 a.m., the policemen set the family house on fire in the presence of his brothers and other family members. “The fire also destroyed many property, including a big generator, fridge, brand new motorcycle, among many others. “Unfortunately, most of these property, including the house, do no belong to Moputu. They belong to his elder brother, who only accommodates him and his family in it.” “After that, they continually shot in the air and left the community through Amaraku axis. There is no casualty because I think they are only after Moputu. “The incident has put the people in serious fear because they don’t know if the security operatives will return and what may be their next line of action.” When contacted, the state Police Command spokesperson, Orlando Ikeokwu, said he was yet to know about the incident. He promised to get back but as at the time of filing in this report, he was yet to react. (The Guardian) ORLU - Many people are feared dead while several properties as well as the Orlu Stadium have been destroyed as members of the Indigenous Peoples of Biafra (IPOB) clashed with security men in Orlu, Imo State on Monday. It was gathered that the crisis started last week when IPOB members,… In "News" In what appeared to be a well-planned attack, about a dozen men armed with AK 47 and grenades on Saturday killed about eight people, including three security personnel, and set the country home of Governor Hope Uzodinma of Imo State at Omuma, Oru East Local Government Area of the state… In "News" Less than 24 hours after gunmen attacked the Imo State Police Command headquarters and the Nigerian Correctional Service at Owerri, the immediate past Inspector General of Police, Muhammed Adamu, on Tuesday, visited the state. During the visit, the ex-IG insisted that members of the Indigenous People of Biafra carried out… In "News"