ABUJA (Sundiata Post) – Governor Rotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State has reacted to the statement credited to Alhaji Abubakar Malami, Attorney General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, condemning the recent ban on open grazing by 17 governors of the Southern States. Malami in an interview with Channels TV on Wednesday had reportedly compared the cattle herding to spare parts business.Akeredolu, in a statement he personally signed on Thursday condemned the statement made by Malami and maintained that the decision to ban open grazing in the south was irreversible.  The full statement reads: I have just read the press statement credited to the Attorney General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Mr Shehu Malami SAN on the resolution of the Southern Governors Forum to ban open grazing in their respective States. The AGF is quoted to have said that this reasoned decision, among others, is akin to banning all spare parts dealers in the Northern parts of the country and is unconstitutional. It is most unfortunate that the AGF is unable to distill issues as expected of a Senior Advocate. Nothing can be more disconcerting. This outburst should, ordinarily, not elicit response from reasonable people who know the distinction between a legitimate business that is not in anyway injurious and a certain predilection for anarchy. Clinging to an anachronistic model of animal husbandry, which is evidently injurious to harmonious relationship between the herders and the farmers as well as the local populace, is wicked and arrogant. Comparing this anachronism, which has led to loss of lives, farmlands and property, and engendered untold hardship on the host communities, with buying and selling of auto parts is not only strange. It, annoyingly, betrays a terrible mindset. Mr Malami is advised to approach the court to challenge the legality of the Laws of the respective States baning open grazing and decision of the Southern Governor Forum taken in the interest of their people. We shall be most willing to meet him in Court. The decision to ban open grazing stays. It will be enforced with vigour. SIGNED ARAKUNRIN OLUWAROTIMI O AKEREDOLU, SANGOVERNOR, ONDO STATE. Southern governors’ resolutions at their meeting on Tuesday generated more nationwide reactions on Wednesday. The northern sociopolitical group, the Arewa Consultative Forum, told The PUNCH that some of those advocating restructuring were bent on the disintegration of the country. The group, however, supported the decision of the governors to ban… In "News" Abuja - Governor Bello of Kogi state says he has addressed the farmer-herder conflict in the state by integrating the herders into the governance of the state.Unlike his counterparts in the southern part of Nigeria, Governor Yahaya Bello has said Kogi State will not ban open grazing until it has… In "Top Stories" •Southern Nigeria governors ASABA - The 17 governors of the southern part of Nigeria have called on the Federal government to immediately “convoke a national dialogue as a matter of urgency,” to address the burning issues in the country. The forum at its meeting held today (11th May, 2021), at… In "Top Stories"