China is relaxing its family policy and allowing couples to have up to three children in future.  The Politburo of the Communist Party decided at a meeting in Beijing on Monday that such “optimization of birth policies’’ would help improve the population structure, in the country.  The official Xinhua news agency reported that this was against the backdrop of the unexpectedly massive decline in the birth rate and the rapid ageing of Chinese society due to COVID. The decision came just three weeks after the publication of the latest census, which showed the world’s most populous country being threatened to shrink in a few years. Experts cited the decades-old one-child policy, which was only abolished in 2015, as well as the high costs of housing and education as reasons. Many Chinese have also become accustomed to having only one child, they said. In the past 10 years, China’s population has grown by only 0.53 per cent annually to just over 1.4 billion people the slowest pace in decades. The one-child policy that had been in place since 1979 was abolished in 2015 and replaced by a two-child policy. However, the turnaround had only led to a slight increase in births in 2016. Since then, the number has fallen every year.  (dpa/NAN) BEIJING - China Population Association (CPA) said that the country was expecting at least one million more births in 2015, as one million couples have applied to have second child.[pro_ad_display_adzone id="10"] The Head of the CPA, Zhai Zhenwu, said on Monday in Beijing that this was coming up as a… In "Foreign" Beijing    -       China is considering lifting child-birth limits, which have been in place in one form or another for four decades, state media reported Tuesday. A draft of the new civil code submitted to the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress on Monday doesn’t include any provisions related to… In "Foreign" Beijing - Chinese Commission on Health and Family Planning said on Tuesday that the end of China's one child policy could lead to an estimated additional three million children born each year. Pei'an Wang, the Commission’s spokesman, said that by 2050, China's labour force of people older than 15 may… In "Foreign"