A group, MINDA Strategic Contact Group (MSCG) has disclosed that over 200 people have been killed by suspected herdsmen between January and April of this year in Benue State.  MINDA also raised the alarm over what it described as threat to exterminate Benue by suspected Fulani herdsmen. The group, while briefing reporters at the BIPC center, Makurdi, disclosed that the over 200 people killed were scatted across such councils as Logo, Kwande, Guma, Makurdi, Gwer West, Apa, Agatu, Ado and Okpowku local government areas of the state with wanton destruction of farm crops, produce and property worth billions of naira. In a statement read by a former Permanent Secretary, Government House, Dr. Tivlumun Nyitse, the group called on the federal government to live up to its full constitutional responsibility and provide security for the lives and property of the people of the state. The group also condemned the recent unprovoked armed attack on Governor Samuel Ortom and the one on Abagana IDP Camp by suspected herdsmen in which seven people lost their lives and many others injured. While calling on President Muhammadu Buhari to rise and turn the tide against insecurity in the country, he urged him to arrest the drift to a failed state, eschew provincialism and be the president of all Nigerians so as to preserve, protect and enhance the unity of the country. “For the avoidance of doubt, we stand with the Governor of Benue State to demand that President Muhammadu Buhari should rise up to his duties as President and Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of the Federal Republic of Nigeria to protect all Nigerians irrespective of tribe, religion or sex because this is the primary responsibility of government as enshrined in the constitution for which he also swore on oath to do,” the statement emphasised.   Kidnappers of the students of Greenfield University, Kaduna have threatened to kill the remaining students in their custody, if a ransom of N100m is not paid on or before Tuesday (today). A leader of the bandits, who abducted the students, Sani Jalingo, spoke to the Hausa service of the Voice… In "News" Governor Samuel Ortom on Monday welcomed President Muhammadu Buhari to Benue State for the first time since assuming power in 2015. Ortom in a thought-provoking speech told the president that his people were tired of burying dead bodies, pleading that he should find a lasting panacea to the menace. His… In "News" ONITSHA (Sundiata Post) - Human rights group, the International Society for the Rule of Law (Intersociety), says a total of 2,400 Nigerian Christians were hacked to death by Fulani jihadists in 2020. In a statement sent to Sundiata Post on Sunday, the group also said out of the given  number… In "Top Stories"