THE Senate has said its planned zonal public hearing on the review of the 1999 Constitution, would hold from May 26 to 27.  Deputy President of the Senate, Ovie Omo-Agege, is the Chairman of the committee which has 59 other Senators drawn from the 36 states and the Federal Capital Territory as members. All female Senators and principal officers except the Senate President, are equally members of the panel. A statement by the Special Adviser, Media and Publicity to the Deputy President of the Senate, Yomi Odunuga, on Tuesday, said Omo-Agege, disclosed the details in Abuja. The statement explained that the public hearing would be held simultaneously in 12 state capitals in Nigeria, meaning that two public hearings would be held per geo-political zone. He said a national public hearing was expected to be held in Abuja. The statement explained that Omo-Agege spoke while hosting members of the Legal Defence and Assistance Project in his office. He said the group was led by its National Coordinator, Chino Obiagwu (SAN). Omo-Agege called on those who had already submitted memoranda to speak to the documents at the events. The Deputy President of the Senate pointed out that while Jos and Minna would host the public hearings in the North-Central geopolitical zone, that of North- East and North -West would hold in Bauchi and Gombe as well as Kaduna and Sokoto respectively. Similarly, he said for the South East, the exercise would be held in Owerri and Enugu, even as South-South and South-West would be hosted in Port Harcourt and Asaba as well as Akure and Lagos respectively. Represented by his Chief of Staff, Dr. Otive Igbuzor, the Delta Central lawmaker assured that women’s interests will be protected in the constitution review.   Source By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Deputy President of the Senate and Chairman Senate Committee on Constitution Review Senator Ovie Omo-Agege has announced that the much awaited zonal public hearing on the review of the 1999 Constitution would hold from May 26 to 27, 2021. Senator Ovie Omo-Agege… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate Adhoc Committee on the Review of the 1999 Constitution has disclosed that it will release the schedule of events for the forthcoming public hearings on amendment of the constitution by next week. This is even as the subcommittees of the panel… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko    Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  Senator representing Delta central at the National Assembly, Senator Ovie Omo-Agege, has told the joint investigative panel of the National Assembly that he would not comment on the subject matter the he was invited for, informing that it is subjudice.   Recall… In "Top Stories"