By Chijioke Kingsley The former senator, who represented Kaduna Central at the 8th Senate, Shehu Sani, has warned the South Eastern part of the country not to allow the recent incessant burning of Police Station and INEC office find them in the situation of the North East. The former senator stated this on Monday on his official twitter handle@shehuSani, he said: “The attacks on Police formations and INEC facilities in the south east must be resisted by the people of the South East;to prevent the region from finding itself in the situation of the North East.Crippling law enforcement is a prelude to anarchy,Terrorism and disorder. See responses MamaTee@mamatee001·10hReplying to @ShehuSaniDont beg them sir, let them keep attacking and burnng INEC office and rooting for Igbo presidency. Maybe it is OYO or kaduna that u will av massive votes for d mission. It is simple, burn everything, no election, Buhari keep ruling on U. As simple as APC. Waiting 4Ur attack here. Blessing@albertitekena·10hReplying to @ShehuSaniI’ve said this overtime but unfortunately, lot of the people there seem already radicalised. They call us names for not being radicals, some call us efulefu, others call us b*st*d for telling them to resist violent approach. I hope d region doesn’t go the NE way soon. Uche Ezeonye Official@uche_ezeonye·2hMugu where are you when Fulani police massacre Igbo boys in Aba ? Ifunanya Nnabugwu@nanyaglobal·2hReplying to @ShehuSaniI guess you were having network issues when the same police were killing people in the East? Abujaafar @Abujaafar09 @ShehuSani Done worry sir, we will provide military administrators for them. From the North. The immediate past senator, who represented Kaduna Central in the Eighth National Assembly, Shehu Sani, has lampooned those suggesting the idea of the North holding on to power beyond 2023 after President Muhammadu Buhari’s term. Sani, who said it would be ungrateful for the North to attempt retaining power in… In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - A group of northern youths under the auspices of the Pan African United Youth Development Network wants the leadership of the All Progressives Congress and the Presidency to allow the south south geopolitical zone produce the Senate President in the 9th Senate in the interest of… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Some pillars in the 8th senate have been rejected by their constituencies and fallen in the fierce battle to secure a place in the 9th Senate going by results announced by the electoral umpire. Dr. Bukola Saraki lost his bid to return to… In "Top Stories"