THE corpse of a former student of the University of Abuja, Blessing Otunla, was on Sunday found naked inside a drain around Iddo area of the Federal Capital Territory.  Otunla, a former English Language student of the university, was said to have travelled from Oyo State to Abuja on Saturday in order to get her transcript. A student of the university, who didn’t want his name mentioned, said, “We saw the dead body of the lady at a permanent site area of the school inside the gutter that is along the road. “Someone who knew her identified her body. She graduated two years ago. The development has caused fear among those of us staying in the area.” A relative of Otunla with the Twitter handle, @Dondekojo, confirmed the development. She faulted the process of having to travel to get transcript after graduating. She wrote, “I lost a cousin yesterday, and it’s emblematic of the state of the country. Why do graduates need to travel all the way for transcript? She travelled to Abuja for her transcript and was found dead in a gutter; so sad.” The Police spokesperson in the FCT, Mariam Yusuf, confirmed the incident, saying the command had launched a full scale investigation into the matter. “We have launched a full-scale investigation and we are on the trail of the suspects,” she said.  Source Elvis Izekor graduated from the University of Benin in 2015. Two years later, he wrote to his university seeking his transcript to secure a spot among the bright African brains that the Africa Institute of Mathematical Sciences (AIMS) was offering a scholarship for a Master’s programme. That was when he… In "News" The federal govenment has recevied N8 billion refunded by two former senior public officers. According to TheNation, a former Accountant-General of the Federation (AG-F), Jonah Ogunniyi Otunla, and an ex-Comptroller-General of Customs, Abdullahi Inde Dikko, refunded N6.3 billion and N1.9 billion respectively. Otunla was the AG-F between 2011 and 2015… In "News" Zamfara State - National Youth Service Corps has arrested a 200-level student who allegedly obtained a fake degree certificate and was undergoing the orientation exercise at the Zamfara State camp. It was learnt that the NYSC last Friday apprehended the student, identified only as Rose, who was a 200-level Journalism… In "Metro"