President Muhammadu Buhari has been told to remove the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) from list of terrorist organisations in Nigeria.  The call was made by Youths of the South-east zone of Nigeria. IPOB was designated as a secessionist group for championing the independence of a sovereign state of Biafra in 2017. But in an emergency meeting meeting of South East youth stakeholders in Awka yesterday, the youths said there was need to return peace in the region, stating that part of the steps towards peace would be deproscription of IPOB and the release of any of her members in prison. The group’s communique was read to journalists by Comrade Chukwuma Okpalaezeukwu of Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth, on behalf of other groups, including National Youth Council of Nigeria (south-East), Nigerian Youth Congress(South-East), National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS) after the emergency meeting in Awka. It stated, “Having considered the state of the Nation, the increasing state of insecurity, the overall development of the Igbo nation, it is hereby resolved as follows: The heightened insecurity in the South-East which has resulted in the loss of lives of our people, security agents and properties is highly regretted and we deeply commiserate with the families of the bereaved. “We, therefore, call on the South-East Governors to synergize and liaise with the relevant stakeholders especially the youth to arrest the current security challenges in the South East. “We condemn in totality the wanton destruction of lives and properties in the South-East and call on the perpetrators of these criminal act to desist from such forthwith and seek for a proper means of airing their grievances. “As a step towards genuine peace and reconciliation as championed by Ohaneze Ndigbo, the Federal Government and South-East Governors should as a matter of urgency unproscribe IPOB (Indigenous People of Biafra) as a terrorist organization. Furthermore, we call for the release of all political prisoners of Igbo extraction.” The group called on the South-east governors to encourage community policing by strengthening and digitalizing the local vigilantes. It also aligned with the resolution of the southern governors and call for necessary legal framework for immediate implementation of the resolution. The group added that, “There is need for quarterly interface between the Governors of the South-East and the Youth stakeholders so that the issues of the zone will be regularly reviewed. “We call on the South-East Governors to fully implement the recommendations of the ENDSARS panel report especially on Youth Development, and to review the Laws of their various State Security Council Committee to include critical youth stakeholders, while urging for full implementation, support and fund for community policing committee which was constituted last year.   Source The World Igbo Congress, WIC, has rejected South East Governors’ formation of EbubeAgu as an alternative regional security outfit. The group rather, urged the governors to support the Eastern Security Network, ESN, stop their ruse and serve the people. This came as the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB,raised the alarm… In "News" •IPOB Leader Nnamdi Kanu By Pamela Eboh, Awka  The leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, has insisted that former Deputy Senate president, Ike Ekweremadu, was among some Igbo elites that played active role in the plot to assassinate him and kill the dream of an… In "Top Stories" Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council, OYC, has condemned the call by the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, asking the people of South East zone to observe a sit-at home on October 1st, Nigeria’s Independence Day Anniversary. The Igbo socio-political group also called on governors of southeast to disband Market Unions… In "News"