Popular Nigerian socialite and club owner, PrettyMike, has taken to Instagram to advise men not to die in silence but pour out their frustrations when they are being cheated on.  In his post, PrettyMike pointed out that society is never receptive of men who have been cheated on. According to him, such men have been tagged ”talkative” and are usually mocked by other men. He averred that he has seen situations where many males have found out their female partners had cheated on them but still remained in the relationship. He appealed to men be bold enough to talk about their cheating spouses regardless of what people may say. Read His Post Below; ”Na wa ooh…. This our society where a man can’t express his hurt without being tagged a talkative or an immature man,how do u expect to know how many of us that have been hurt,abused and cheated on and yet stayed in a relationship ? Yes I’ve seen a couple of instances where the woman cheats and the Guy stays…. The fact that our ego, as men wouldn’t let us come out and cry about our women cheating on us doesn’t mean it never happened……. Often time,the ladies gain sympathy when Dey share their stories with their friends, on the other hand, if a man shares such stories with his male friends he gains Mockery….. Lastly, it’s easier for women to go online and cry foul and the response would always be in their favor; the usual “men are scum” phrase would surface, but if a man ever comes out, world people will say “He talks too much, Abeg alot of guys are currently dying in silence…… Oga Instagram community is here, feel free to express ur pain and pour out ur anger… You can’t be forming Lagos big boy, working super hard to provide for ur family and Dey will still be Fucking madam up and down and u can’t say anything because people will laugh u, if u allow depression kill u, Dey will cont the Fuking in ur Lekki home and send ur kids to go and stay with relatives.” A post shared by Pretty Mike Of Lagos (@prettymikeoflagos) A few days ago, I came across the video of a man who caught his wife in bed with another man. The incident which happened in Lagos generated quite a lot of reaction from Nigerians on the internet. This would not be the first time we have read, heard and… In "News" Without much ado, here are some of the excuses Nigerian men give when you catch them cheating as compiled by Naijalovetips. 1. She Seduced Me We have heard this several times. Most men caught cheating always claimed that the other person seduced them. Well, even if the story is true,… In "Relationship" Priscilla Osaje Abuja - Ghanaian actress, Juliet Ibrahim says she is set to give love a chance in 2020, hoping it works out for her this time. The renowned actress made this known on her Instagram page, where she prayed that her next relationship would be the one she had… In "Relationship"