By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – There are indications that Mr Ibe Casmir, one of the five persons arrested by the police and alleged to have been responsible for burning police station in Imo State on Tuesday may be innocent after all. One Mr Princewill Ihekwoaba had on his Facebook page on Wednesday (today) said that Ibe Casmir is his good friend and a brother. According to the post on his Facebook page, Ibe Casmir, who was his course mate at Federal University of Technology, Owerri (FUTO), was with him last Thursday. He further stated that Ibe Casmir works with an oil company in Port Harcourt and had entered Owerri with his family for his father-in-law’s burial only for him to be arrested and paraded as one of the unknown gunmen. He maintained that Ibe Casmir is innocent of the allegation levelled against him. Sundiata Post recalls the the Imo State police command yesterday said it has arrested five persons allegedly linked to the burning of Orji police division station in Owerri, Imo State. The state Police Public Relations Officer, PPRO, Bala Elkana, stated this to newsmen in Owerri, Imo state. The police claimed that “On 25th May 2021 at about 1302hours, some hoodlums in their number launched an offensive on the reconstruction site of Orji Divisional Headquarters which was earlier burnt by hoodlums during the End SARS protest in 2020. A philanthropist contracted the reconstruction project. “The hoodlums, who believed that the re-establishment of a functional police station may prevent them from carrying out their nefarious acts in Orji and environ, decided to invade the construction site. “Before the arrival of the reinforcement team, the hoodlums melted into the area of the neighbouring township but abandoned their operational vehicles. The Commissioner of Police, Imo State, CP Abutu Yaro, FDC personally led an enforcement team to the scene. “The whole area was cordoned and five suspects, namely Chigaemezu Sabastine ‘m’ 26years old, Casmir Ibe ‘m’ 36years old, John Chinonso ‘m’ 24years old, Chukwudi Okoro ‘m’ 28years and Alozie Daberechi ‘m’ 25years old were arrested. No life was lost. Three vehicles were recovered. Meanwhile, the mop-up operation is ongoing to arrest more suspects and recover their firearms.” However, Princewill has posted the pictures of his friend Ibe Casmir and family members as well as where he was paraded four others but insisting that his friend is innocent. See the pictures below:  According to SaharaReporters, the Imo State Police command says it has arrested five hoodlums who launched an attack on the reconstruction site of Orji Police Station which was burnt during #EndSARS protest last October. This was disclosed in a statement on Tuesday by the spokesman for the command, Bala Elkana.… In "News" POLICE have paraded a man dubbed a fake prophet who allegedly killed and buried one Christopher Anoruo on his church premises in Egwe, Oguta Local Government Area of Imo State. Also arrested were three persons who allegedly took part in the act on March 2019 . Parading the suspects at… In "News" ...Says Imo State Attorney General must step down for promoting jungle justice and trial by ordeal Abuja (Sundiata Post) - International Society for Civil Liberties & Rule of Law has called on Imo State Governor, Hope Uzodinma and President Muhammadu Buhari to release innocent and defenceless citizens recently abducted in… In "Top Stories"