A member of the house of representatives from Borno, Abdulkadir Rahis, has sacked his aide, Bukar Tanda, for describing Abubakar Shekau, Boko Haram leader as a “true hero”.  Shekau, reportedly killed himself with a bomb on Wednesday— to avoid being captured by fighters of the Islamic State in West Africa Province (ISWAP) — a breakaway faction of Boko Haram. But in a Facebook post on Thursday, Tanda praised the dreaded leader of Boko Haram, saying “he lived a live of hero and died a true hero”. “I admire and appreciate his courage to terminate his life. He lived a life of a hero and died a true hero. He did it in such a way that not even traces of his corpse will be found,” Tanda wrote. The comments did not go down well with Rahis, his principal, who issued him a letter of dismissal. “I wish to formally write and notify you of the termination of your appointment as my legislative aide, forthwith,” Rahis said in a letter he personally signed. “Your actions, utterances and opinion of recent are at variance with my interest, that of my constituency and our great party, the APC. “The letter also serve as a disclaimer to any action or position you took or wish to take, on any matter that may have the remotest connection with me as a person or my office.” Shekau terrorised northern Nigeria for more than a decade. Source Friends and colleagues of Wing Commander Chimda Hedima, who was reportedly beheaded by Boko Haram, have given a vivid account of how the Air Force pilot spent his last days. Hedima, who was showered with praises by thousands of Nigerians on Saturday, reportedly kept a dignified composure in the face… In "News" Leader of Nigerian militant terrorist group, Boko Haram has been reportedly killed after a deadly clash between his men and those of the Islamic State West Africa Province (ISWAP) intelligence sources have confirmed to PRNigeria. The ISWAP, a splinter group of Boko Haram, who has grown in power and influence… In "News" The military claims Mohammed Bashir was an imposter posing as Boko Haram's leader Abubakar Shekau, thought to have died in 2009 More than 260 Boko Haram militants have surrendered in north-eastern Nigeria, the military has said. The military says it has also killed a man featuring in the group's recent… In "News"