OWERRI – The Imo State Police Command has said the slain Ahmed Gulak,  ex-aide of ex-President GoodluckJonathan,  left his room in Protea Hotel,  Owerri on Sunday morning (today) without informing the Imo State Police Command or any other security agency and headed to the Sam Mbakwe Airport where he was killed on the way.According to a statement issued  bySuperintendent Bala Elkana, the Imo State Police spokesman, Gulak was killed by armed bandits, who intercepted the car that was taking him to the airport. The full statement reads: On the 30/5/2021, at about 07:20hrs, armed bandits intercepted and attacked a Toyota Camry cab carrying Ahmed Gulak and two others who were on their way to Sam Mbakwe Airport to catch a flight. Ahmed Gulak left his room at Protea Hotel without informing the Police nor sister agencies in view of the fragile security situation in the South East and Imo in particular. He left without any security escorts and while the cab driver took irregular route to the airport, six armed bandits who rode in a Toyota Sienna intercepted, identified and shot at Ahmed Gulak at around Umueze Obiangwu in Ngor-Okpala Local Government Area close to the Airport. The Commissioner of Police Imo  CP Abutu Yaro, fdc has directed a discreet investigation into the matter as Tactical and Special forces have been deployed to cordone the area and arrest perpetrators. Sp Bala ElkanaPolice Public Relations OfficerFor: Commisioner of Police ,Imo State Police Command. A former presidential aide, Ahmed Gulak, has been shot dead in Imo State on Sunday. Sources said that he was ambushed while on his way to Sam Mbakwe International Cargo airport. His motorcade was attacked at a place called Obiagwa, close to the Airport. The former aide to ex-president Goodluck… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Special Adviser on Political Matters to the erstwhile President of Nigeria, Ahmed Ali Gulak has been assassinated. It was gathered that he was killed in his Hotel room in Owerri, Imo State by a yet to be identified gunmen. Source said he… In "Top Stories" By Ikechukwu Iweajunwa Owerri - The Imo State Council of Traditional Rulers say they are in full support of Gov. Emeka Ihedioha’s plan to probe the administration of former Gov. Rochas Okorocha.The Chairman of the council, Eze Samuel Ohiri, disclosed this to newsmen on Wednesday, at the end of an… In "News"