Abuja –  The Senior Staff Association of Statutory Corporations and Government Owned Companies (SSASCGOC), has expressed worry over the continuous increase in the prices of petroleum products in the country. The association’s President, Mr Muhammad Yunusa made the observation in an interview with newsmen on Sunday in Abuja. Yunusa spoke on the expectations of the labour unions on the sidelines of activities to mark the 2021 Workers’ Day. He noted that the level of poverty and insecurity nationwide had also become worrisome. “We are also aware of the huge economic losses globally occasioned by COVID-19 pandemic, the economy is down, the indices of development is down and so, our expectations are very low. “We are particularly worried about the continuous increase in the cost of petroleum products, we are also worried about electricity tariff, and we are very worried about job losses. “We are not happy with casualisation of workers; I mean workers not getting permanent employment in all sectors of the workforce across the board,” he said. According to Yunusa, the government has continued to talk about the creation of employment to address some of these challenges, yet there are a lot of gaps needed to be filled to make it a reality. He noted that the resultant effect of all of these challenges had caused workers not to manage well the little salaries received at the end of every month, owing to family responsibilities. “Look for example at the Nigerian worker today with the little money received to take care of over 20 or 30 people depending on what small money he earns and there is now general poverty in the land.” On the way out of the quagmire, Yunusa advised the government to reduce the cost of governance by restructuring the system of government from the present bicameral to the unicameral legislature so as to cut down the huge expenses in governance. The union leader was also of a view that government should put more efforts to eradicate poverty as it was fighting insecurity, saying such action could go a long way to discouraging youths, in particular, to eschew criminality. “The man, who has not seen N2, 000 in three months, if you give him N50, 000 to go and kill people he will do it. “We have been saying it that government has to reduce poverty even as the way of fighting insecurity to pave way for youths` engagement positively to make life meaningful to them, “ he noted. Source By Joan Nwagwu Abuja - The President of the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), Mr Ayuba Wabba, has decried the increased state of insecurity in the country. Wabba, who disclosed this in a message to state Delegates Conference of the Congress on Thursday, said the current security system has failed the… In "News" * Group Describes Court Order As Irresponsibility ‎ ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The Nigerian Labour Congress (NLC), on Wednesday, commended its members and allies for responding very strongly in favour of its planned strike to protest the increase in pump price of the petroleum product. In a statement issued by… In "Top Stories" Abuja  - The Federal Government said on Wednesday in Abuja that it would ensure ``complete elimination`` of fuel queues in the country in the next two months. The Minister of State, Petroleum Resources, Mr Emmanuel Ibe Kachikwu, gave the assurance while fielding questions from State House correspondents after a closed… In "Top Stories"