The Police Command in Bayelsa on Thursday confirmed the release of Mr Peter Igbifa, President of Ijaw Youths Council (IYC) who went missing on Tuesday while travelling to Abuja.  The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Igbifa was on his way to Abuja on May 25, for a scheduled meeting with the Coordinator of Presidential Amnesty Office, retired Col. Milland Dikio when the incident happened.  There was, however, uncertainty over the whereabouts of Igbifa as there were conflicting reports which claimed that he was abducted whereas others said he was missing. The Spokesman for the Police in Bayelsa, SP Asinim Butswat, however, in a statement on Thursday in Yenegoa confirmed that he was abducted by suspected kidnappers. Butswat also claimed that Igbifa’s freedom was as a result of pressure from the Police, even when there was no arrest. “The President of the Ijaw Youth Council (IYC) Peter Igbifa was released by his abductors on May 26, at Kaima, Kolokuma/Opukuma Local Government Area Bayelsa. “It will be recalled that the IYC President was kidnapped on May 25, on his way to the Port Harcourt Airport by suspected kidnappers. “Due to sustained pressure mounted by the Police, the IYC President was released at a bush at Kaima, from where he contacted the Police and was eventually rescued. “The Commissioner of Police Bayelsa State Command, Mike Okoli, has debriefed the kidnapped victim and investigation is ongoing to identify and arrest the perpetrators,” Butswat said. The abduction happened just before the expiration of the 30 days ultimatum the IYC gave the Federal Government to constitute the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) Board or have the region shut down by Ijaw youths. Igbifa issued the notice on April 26 and followed it up with a warning on May 17, asking all multinational oil companies operating in the region to vacate and peacefully shut down their oil platforms before the expiration of the notice at midnight of May 26.  (NAN) President Ijaw Youths Council (IYC) Worldwide, Peter Igbifa, has relieved his ordeals in the hands of his abductors. He said they wanted him to call off the ongoing protest against failures of the Federal Government to inaugurate a substantive board of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC). Igbifa, who spoke… In "Features" The Ijaw Youths Council (IYC) Worldwide has shut down the Bayelsa office of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) and the Mbiama-axis of the East-West road for a mother-of-all protest against the refusal of the Federal Government to inaugurate a substantive board of the NDDC. Scores of youths, who flew… In "News" The #EndSARS protest continued in different parts of the country on Sunday, with several youths injured after they were attacked by hoodlums.   In Lagos, Leke Adeboye, the son of the General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God, Pastor Enoch Adeboye, joined other Nigerian youths at the state… In "News"