Ondo State Police Command has assured residents of the state of adequate security during and after Eid el-Fitr celebration.  Spokesman of the command, DSP Tee Leo Ikoro, told NAN on telephone on Wednesday in Okitipupa that the command had deployed operatives to all entry points of the state to ensure tight security. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the Federal Government declared Wednesday and Thursday public holiday for the celebration. Ikoro said that the command was also prepared to arrest anyone who would commit crime during the celebration. “Police presence will be felt everywhere during and after the Eld el-Fitr celebration, we have deployed our men to all entry points. “We have profiled everywhere and everybody entering into the state, as our men are all over the vicinity. “I am assuring residents of the state that there will be adequate security and the presence of police will be felt everywhere, to ensure a smooth Eld el-Fitr celebration,” he said. According to him, the state recorded low criminal activities because of synergy between the police and other security agencies. He wished Muslims a happy celebration, and urged the state residents to be security conscious and report strange persons and movements to security agencies for prompt actions. (NAN)  Eid el-Fitr: FCT CP Orders Tight Security At Prayer Grounds, Parks In "News" LAGOS - The Lagos Police Command said on Thursday it would adopt an ``intensive motorised patrol`` and ``undercover spies`` to ensure the security of lives and property during the Eid-El-Fitr celebration. The Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) of the command, DSP Ngozi Braide, said this in an interview with the… In "News" By Aminu Garko, Blessing Odega and Deborah Coker Minna - Police and Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) authorities in Niger, Plateau and Edo said they had deployed 8, 500 personnel to provide adequate security in the states during the Eid-el-Fitr celebration. The News agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports… In "Metro"