7am on Thursday and was returning home when a motorist signalled to her, asking for direction to Bitter Leave Junction.  She told our correspondent on Saturday that as she was describing the place to the driver, she was hypnotised and lost her senses until she arrived at an unknown destination. David explained, “I went to get something at Okuru Junction that Thursday morning before going to work. I didn’t get what I went to buy. While I was returning home, a driver blew the car horn to call my attention and I stopped. A lady was at the back of the car. He asked me if I know any place called Bitter Leave Junction and I said yes. As I was trying to direct him, he said he couldn’t hear me clearly and told me to come closer. “He touched me and I didn’t know if I entered the car or not. By the time I regained consciousness, I was already in an unknown place. They had blindfolded me and tied my hands. I couldn’t tell the time of the day.” The teenager stated that the abductors took her and some other victims to a gang suspected to be ritual killers, adding that all but her were accepted. She said on Friday morning, the kidnappers took her and another set of victims to a spot while they remained blindfolded. David recalled, “I was still rejected. After some hours, they took me and some victims somewhere blindfolded. One man asked them why they kept bringing me and told them to return me to where they picked me as fast as possible. Abducted Ondo farmer released as two suspected kidnappers nabbed“Even though I couldn’t see what was going on in that place, it appears like a ritual killers’ den. I was the only person they rejected. I was rejected thrice. While I was in captivity, new victims were brought in. The abductors put me in the car and drove off. When we got to a spot along the road, they stopped, removed the blindfold and pushed me out of the car.” David said she managed to untie himself and later found out from passersby that she was at Rumuokoro, Port Harcourt. “The kidnappers didn’t take away my phone so I quickly called my mum. I had fainted before they came. It was this morning (Saturday) when I woke up that I realised I am in the hospital,” she added. David’s elder sister, Joy, told Sunday PUNCH that the family was excited to see her again, noting that the incident was reported at the Amadi Police Division. She said, “She was unconscious when we found her. Policemen followed us to pick her up at Rumuokoro where she was abandoned. She went to buy a pad at Okuru Junction when the motorists stopped her.” The Rivers State police spokesperson, Nnamdi Omoni, did not pick up our correspondent’s calls and had yet to reply to a text message sent to him on the incident as of press time.  Source Residents of Lagos State have sent save our souls to the police in the state to stop the new wave of robbery and kidnapping in the metropolis. One of the latest modes of operation by the criminals is the abduction of victims on their way and taking them to a… In "News" Thursday May 23, 2019 was Andy Bature’s birthday. The day comes once in a year, and the Bauchi-based journalist had planned to celebrate it with friends. However, sorrow and tears shattered his planned celebration when he was kidnapped by eight gun-wielding hoodlums alongside his two friends on Kaduna-Jingir Road; a… In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Suspected criminals arrested for allegedly abducting the wife of an Appeal Court judge and killing her aide in Cross River state on July 4, have blamed the ban on Okada operation and the Coronavirus lockdown for joining the kidnapping gang. Ekwele Agube, the wife of a… In "Top Stories"