A recent Instagram post by Fanti Tukuwei, a content creator/ fashion/beauty blogger and influencer, has caused a stir among her fans.  If the post is anything to go by, the sensationally beautiful Bayelsan girl may have delisted herself from the list of feminist, independent women who claim they can take care of themselves without help from men. She writes, “I just want to relax and be taken care of. I have washed my hands off anything concerning independent women. I’m not a party to that anymore.” Fanti Tukuwei known on Instagram as @Curvygirljournal, once revealed her ordeal with men in a chat with Potpourri, saying, “Anytime a guy tries to get my attention or asks me out and I don’t bulge, I end up receiving insults from that guy and these are well-respected guys. The first time it happened I thought it was a mistake,then another guy repeated it and then another, so I’m out here confused. Is it just me or does this happen to other women too?” Fanti doesn’t name her Instagram handle ‘Curvy girl journal’ for nothing, she’s an embodiment of ‘sexy’. She’s a perfect example of the phrase ‘figure 8’ for her hourglass shape. She graduated from University of Lagos where she was the Miss Curves UNILAG in 2013. Big brother Africa 2010 winner and popular TV host, Uti Nwachukwu has penned down a public apology to BBNaija season 4 housemate, Tacha, over the mean comments he made about her after she was disqualified from the show last year. Tacha, like Erica, was disqualified for multiple infringements of rules… In "Social Media Feeds" Perri has been enjoying Nigeria since she came from the United Kingdom. She recently spoke to the media about the challenges she had when her man was away. Mike easily won the heart of Nigerians at the Big Brother Naija house. "It was really hard that I wasn’t going to… In "Entertainment" A Nigerian man with the name @primesoccer on Nairaland has shared a troubling experience about his relationship. He wrote: "I met my girlfriend about 2yrs ago and we've been doing pretty fine. Before we met, she was in an abusive relationship and she had to quit. In trying to understand… In "News"