By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Governor of Edo State Godwin Obaseki has reacted to the verdict of the Supreme court on the certificate forgery case brought against him by the All Progressives Congress, saying that it has put to rest the diabolical controversy contrived by opposition elements. Obaseki said that it puts to shame the individuals that sought to swindle Edo people with falsehood and lies in pursuit of pecuniary gains. “The judiciary has once again, demonstrated that it is willing and capable of defending our democracy. I see this victory as a renewed call by God Almighty to rededicate myself to His service and that of the people of Edo State”, Obaseki said. The Edo state governor also thanked President Muhammadu Buhari (GCFR) for ensuring a vibrant and fair Judiciary that upholds the will of the masses. Obaseki who stated this in series of tweet said: The verdict of the Supreme Court on the certificate forgery case brought against me by the All Progressives Congress (APC), during the 2020 governorship election, is a vindication of the decision of God and the people of Edo State. The ruling puts to rest the diabolical controversy contrived by opposition elements over my credentials and puts to shame the individuals that sought to swindle Edo people with falsehood and lies in pursuit of pecuniary gains. The judiciary has once again, demonstrated that it is willing and capable of defending our democracy. I see this victory as a renewed call by God Almighty to rededicate myself to His service and that of the people of Edo State. From the statement by the SC Justices, it is clear that they align with what Edo people knew all along, which is that there was no merit in the case. The controversy was diabolical and ill-willed. It is reassuring that the Judiciary has upheld the wishes of the masses. I dedicate the victory to Edo people, who resolved to stand by me through it all despite the campaign of calumny. I appreciate the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) for supporting and holding steadfastly to the vision of our party for a better Edo State. I am also grateful to His Excellency, President Muhammadu Buhari (GCFR) for ensuring a vibrant and fair Judiciary that upholds the will of the masses. A Federal High Court sitting in Abuja has dismissed the alleged certificate forgery suit filed against the governor of Edo State, Godwin Obaseki. Justice Ahmed Mohammed dismissed the suit filed by the All Progressives Party (APC) and a chieftain of the party, Williams Edobor, against the governor, in a judgement… In "News" Southsouth Bureau Chief BISI OLANIYI examines the performance of Edo State Governor Godwin Obaseki since he took the oath of office for the second term.The governorship election in Edo State took place on September 19 last year. The Justice Yunusa Musa-led three-member election petitions tribunal in Benin is yet to… In "Politics" A suit has been filed against Godwin Obaseki, governor of Edo state, over allegations of certificate forgery. In the suit filed before a federal high court in Abuja, Edobor Williams, Ugbesia Abudu Godwin and Amedu Dauda Anakhu accused the governor of forging his bachelor of arts (B.A.) certificate in classical… In "Politics"