A former Nigerian senator, Shehu Sani has lamented about the fate of Nigerian workers in Kaduna state.  The politician lamented while commending Kaduna workers for embarking on strike. He said the strike was an appropriate step by the workers given that the mass sack of workers by the State governor a few months ago has imperilled the condition of workers and Kaduna citizens. In a statement he signed on Monday and made available to DAILY POST in Abuja, Sani maintained that bandits live in better conditions than Kaduna workers, urging governor Nasir El-Rufai to reverse the mass sack without delay. He lamented the situation workers found themselves which he said, they have been turned into ‘destitute and walking corpses.’ The statement said: “The strike action embarked upon by the NLC in Kaduna is commendable. “The mass sack of workers in Kaduna state has turned them into destitute, walking corpses and further aggravated the security situation in the state. “Workers strikes and protest are fundamental and democratic rights and should be respected by the state government and the security apparatuses in the state. “It is immoral for any government to build any economic structure with the bones of famished people. “Kaduna bandits are living better than Kaduna workers. “I call on the Government of Kaduna to reverse the unjust massive retrenchment.” Kaduna State workers on Monday commenced a warning strike which is being Championed by the leadership of Nigeria Labour Congress amid threats by the State government to arrest Ayuba Waba.  Source •NLC President Ayuba Wabba leading out workers on a protest By JOAN NWAGWU The Nigeria Labour Congress says it will withdraw services from both public and private organisations in Kaduna State for five days to protest mass sack of workers by the state government. The NLC President, Mr Ayuba Wabba… In "News" The spate of insecurity in the country assumed a more dangerous dimension on Monday as Boko Haram insurgents made inroads into Niger State and gunmen killed two students of Greenfield University in Kaduna state. Also on Monday, the Vice-Chancellor of the Federal University of Agriculture, Makurdi, Benue State, Professor Richard… In "News" By Shuaib Sadiq Kaduna -  The media committee of Maina Zazzau Campaign Organisation on Monday, criticized the sack of over 36,000 workers by the Kaduna State Government. The group in a statement issued in Kaduna by its Secretary, Ibrahim Zango said that the action of the government would create poverty,… In "Politics"