Three-time African champions Nigeria will clash with CONCACAF Gold Cup holders Mexico in a friendly at the famous Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum in the State of California, the United States of America on Saturday, 3rd July.  The match, which kicks off at 7.30 pm LA time will be the sixth confrontation between the senior teams of both countries, four of which have ended in draws. The only win in the series has gone to Mexico, when they trumped a US Gold Cup encounter in Dallas (State of Texas) 2-1 on 24th June 1995. Jonathan Akpoborie scored Nigeria’s only goal. Close-fought confrontations include a 1-1 draw at the FIFA Intercontinental Tournament for the King Fahd Cup (now FIFA Confederations Cup) in Saudi Arabia on 13th January 1995 (Mexico prevailed 5-4 on penalties in the quarter final match), and 0-0 draws in friendly matches in Houston and Atlanta the previous decade. A friendly game in Mexico also ended 2-2. The Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum, simply known as the LA Coliseum, is a 77,500 –capacity facility that has hosted major international championships of all grades, including the 1996 Men’s Olympics Football Tournament (won by Nigeria) and CONCACAF Gold Cup matches. The COCACAF Gold Cup is that continent’s equivalent of the Africa Cup of Nations finals, and determines the continental champion of North America, Central America and the Caribbeans. Foreign sponsors driving Nigeria’s infrastructure projects – World BankMexico is the most successful team in the CONCACAF Gold Cup with eight titles and are the current Cup holders. Nigeria have won the Africa Cup of Nations three times and qualified for six of the last seven FIFA World Cup finals, reaching the Round of 16 in 1994, 1998 and 2014. The Super Eagles finished as bronze medallists at the last AFCON in Egypt two years ago. NFF’s FIFA Match Agent, Jairo Pachon of Eurodata Sport, said, “We are happy to be able to announce this match, which is a clash between two very big teams from two different continents. Mexico against Nigeria is a big match any day and the venue is class.” The two teams will announce their squads for the match sometime in June. Mexico will play three other games before the clash with Nigeria, as part of their MexTour series.  Source Coach Gernot Rohr has admitted that the Super Eagles must be on the attack against Argentina in Saint Petersburg on Tuesdayand diligently take the chances that come their way against the two –time World Cup winners. “Simply put, we must take even half chances, and be on the offensive as… In "Social Media Feeds" Brazil and France will be eyeing the last 16 going into Saturday’s second round of group games at the Women’s World Cup. Brazil started their campaign in style with star striker Marta claiming a record 15th World Cup goal in their 2-0 win over South Korea — a game in… In "Sports" By SundiataPOST, Abuja  All four African teams qualified for the Round of 16 by the completion of first round games at the ongoing FIFA U-17 World Cup in the United Arab Emirates (UAE). Nigeria had on Friday whipped Iraq 5-0 to join the group and make it a 100 per… In "Sports"