Kaduna State Governor, Nasir el-Rufai, says although he believes the South should produce the next President, the people of the South-East must note that they cannot get the Presidential seat by threatening others with secession.  El-Rufai further stated that politics has to do with negotiations and convincing others why they should vote for you. He, therefore, stated that the Igbo would need to adopt this approach if they want their son to succeed the current President. The governor said this during a webinar organised by the Africa Leadership Group. The event which was tagged: ‘Developing a Viable Nation 2’ was hosted by Pastor of Trinity House church Ituah Ighodalo. Responding to a question on why the South-East is being denied the Presidency, el-Rufai responded, “I don’t think anyone has stopped the South-East from going for the Presidency. But you see, you cannot get the Presidency of Nigeria by threats or by shouting victimhood. This is a political process and you have to engage other parts of Nigeria to convince them to support you. “That is what everyone does. That is what Jonathan did in 2011; that is what Buhari did in 2015 and 2019. That is what every President does. You don’t stay in your corner, abuse everyone in Nigeria and say give me Presidency. It is not going to happen.” He noted that no region in Nigeria can attain the Presidency without the support of others. The governor advised those who want to be President to get on the road and convince people that you mean well for them. He, however, explained that the All Progressives Congress is weak in the South-East which may not favour the region. El-Rufai added, “Presidency is not by allocation. It is the result of a political process. You join a political party, your party negotiates with other parts of the country and it happens. That is how it is done. And you cannot get it by sitting down or threatening secession. It won’t work. “I think the South-East is going about it the wrong way because if you look at the APC for instance, we do not have many footprints in the South-East.”   Source A former Minister of Education, Mrs. Oby Ezekwesili, has scolded Bello El-Rufai, the son of Governor Nasir El-Rufai of Kaduna State, for threatening to rape the mother of someone who disagreed with him on social media. bello The former World Bank Vice-President also asked Bello to apologise for making acerbic… In "Politics" ...Southerner should succeed Buhari to reduce tension, anxiety —Yakassai...Presidency should alternate between north, south for political stability—Unongo hi...Ex-ACF scribe questions El-Rufai’s sincerity Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Prominent Nigerians of northern extraction have thrown their weight behind call by Governor Nasir El-Rufai of Kaduna state for the southern part of the… In "Top Stories" •Governor Nasir el-Rufai When I look at the first family of Kaduna state, I am appalled that people of such pedigree can be called Your Excellency. What is excellent about Nasir El-Rufai and his family? It is more accurate to refer to them as Your Repugnancy! The family is a… In "Opinion"