There was tension on Friday in Umutu community as gunmen killed three policemen in an attempt to burn down the police station in the community.  The PUNCH gathered that the incident occurred around 02:am at the Umutu Police Divisional Headquarters in Ukwuani Local Government Area of Delta State. Although the police station was not burnt down, the gunmen killed two police constables and one Assistant Superintendent. “It was not clear if the gunmen carted away arms and ammunition from the police station but officers were killed,” a source said. The Acting Police Public Relations Officer, Bright Edafe, who confirmed the attack, said the armed men in their numbers stormed Umutu police station, shot indiscriminately at the station. He said, “Due to the proactive measure already put in place by the Delta State Commissioner of Police, they were faced with stiff resistance by the policemen on duty who gave them a tough fight. “But the armed men had to retreat when they saw that the policemen on duty were not relenting, two of the armed bandit were gun down while others were injured. “They quickly carried their dead bodies and ran away, but the command lost two policemen, while one ASP died out of High Blood pressure in the hospital.” He assured members of the public that measures have been put in place to arrest those responsible for the act, and urged members of the public to help with useful information.   Source According to a report by TheCable, some gunmen again on Wednesday set ablaze a divisional police station in the Etim Ekpo Local Government Area of Akwa Ibom State and killed one officer. The officer, one Police Constable, Edogi Bassey, was gunned down by the hoodlums during exchange of fire between… In "News" Two policemen were feared dead when unknown gunmen attacked Obosi Police Station in Idemili North local government area of Anambra State in the early hours of Thursday. The incident happened barely a few hours after a newly deployed Commissioner of Police, Mr Chris Owolabi, assumed duty in the state. The… In "News" Across the world, 100 days is usually marked by public officials.  It is an occasion to showcase achievements during the period and highlight plans for the future. It is only four days to 100 days since the current Service Chiefs took office on January 26, 2021, precisely 96 days. So… In "Top Stories"