Gov. Simon Lalong of Plateau on Friday said that the late former Chief of Defence Staff, Lt.-Gen. Joshua Dogonyaro, was an excellent officer who sacrificed his life for sovereignty of Nigeria.  The News Agency of Nigeria reports that Dogonyaro died on Thursday at 80. Lalong, made this known during a condolence visit to the late Dogonyaro’s residence in Rayfield Jos, on Friday. “Anytime there is issue of insecurity, I would always find him available, to proffer some advice that I will use, not only in the state but the nation,” he said. He said Dogonyaro would be missed by Nigerians especially President Muhammadu Buhari, who expressed sadness over his death, saying Nigeria has lost a son, a father, a soldier. Lalong expressed confidence that the deceased was in the bosom of the Father. He urged the family to take solace in his outstanding legacies of their father and urged Ngerians to pray for the family. Responding on behalf of the family, Dr Godfrey Dungum, thanked the governor for comforting the family, saying they were encouraged by the legacies the deceased left for them to follow religiously. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), reports that special prayers was conducted for the family by the former Church Of Christ In Nations (COCIN) President, Rev Pandam Yamsat .  (NAN) A former Chief of Defence Staff during the regime of the late General Sani Abacha, Lieutenant General Joshua Dogonyaro has lost his life. Dogonyaro died on Thursday morning at The Jos University Teaching Hospital. The 80-year-old was reportedly admitted in The hospital folloawing a brief illness. His Body has been… In "News" •Late Gen Dogonyaro A forrmer Chief of Defence Staff during the regime of the late General Sani Abacha, Lieutenant General Joshua Dogonyaro, is dead. He died at the age of 80. According to the family source, General Dogonyaro died at the early hours of Thursday at Jos University Teaching Hospital… In "Top Stories" By Martha Agas Abuja - Gov. Simon Lalong of Plateau in company of Plateau Senators and House of Representatives members, have visited the family of Late Sen. Ignatius Longjan to commiserate with them on his demise, after a protracted illness. Speaking at late Longjan’s residence on Monday in Abuja, Lalong… In "Politics"