Governor Rotimi Akeredolu has said he’s against those clamouring for secession.  According to him, he is married to a lady from the South East, so can never be in support of Nigeria’s secession.  Akeredolu said this when the Senate Committee on the Review of 1999 Constitution paid him a courtesy visit in Akure, the Ondo state capital on Tuesday night, May 25. The Committee was led by the Deputy Senate majority leader and Senator representing Ondo North Senatorial District, Prof. Ajayi Borrofice, are in Ondo State to hold a public hearing on the review of the 1999 constitution (As Amended). The event is billed to hold at the International Centre for Culture and Event (DOME), on Wednesday at Akure, the Ondo State capital. Akeredolu in his welcome address to the lawmakers, said people are losing confidence in the entity called Nigeria because a number of issues have been allowed to linger for too long. He, therefore, urged the Senators to listen to public complaints as the public hearing begins today. “My circumstance cannot make me believe in secession. My wife is from the South-East. My sons married from other regions outside South-West. But strong points have been made. Everybody wants to see fairness, federalism. Those are the areas. Is this how to run a federal government? Is it an inclusive one? How do we have fair representation? People are worried. This constitution review, your efforts, I pray it should be accepted. Our people believe that there must be dialogue. People are saying we want national dialogue. How we convoke it, I don’t know. I believe those are issues we must look at” Akeredolu said The governor who said the people are already frustrated declared that the incessant crises between the farmers and herders cannot be overlooked in the course of the public hearing. “It is not easy to wish herders/farmers clash away. Our people are on the edge. What are we saying about police? Are we stressing multi-level policing? Are we taking about state police? I believe opportunities are there for us in this country” he said.  Source By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Deputy President of the Senate and Chairman Senate Committee on Constitution Review Senator Ovie Omo-Agege has announced that the much awaited zonal public hearing on the review of the 1999 Constitution would hold from May 26 to 27, 2021. Senator Ovie Omo-Agege… In "Top Stories" THE Senate has said its planned zonal public hearing on the review of the 1999 Constitution, would hold from May 26 to 27. Deputy President of the Senate, Ovie Omo-Agege, is the Chairman of the committee which has 59 other Senators drawn from the 36 states and the Federal Capital… In "Politics" No doubt, today’s governorship election in Ondo State is a fierce battle to be fought by three political titans in the state and the outcome of the election will determine the strength of each of the three contestants. No fewer than 15 political parties had initially shown interest in the… In "Politics"