Alhaji Lai Mohammed, the Minister of Information and Culture has assured Nigerians that the government will tackle insecurity in the nation and restore peace.  Mohammad, who spoke at a press briefing in Lagos on Tuesday, also said the government and its security agencies have the wherewithal in terms of personnel and firepower to crush bandits, insurgents, criminals and other enemies of the Nigerian state. He said, “It is no longer news that our dear nation is facing security challenges. However, I have read comments saying the Federal Government is overwhelmed and doesn’t have a clue as to how to tackle the challenges. Some have even gone as far as suggesting a truncation of the democratic order, a clearly treasonable stance. “Well, I am here today to assure all Nigerians that while the government acknowledges the security challenges we face at this time, from terrorism to kidnaping, banditry and farmer-herder conflict, it is definitely not overwhelmed and indeed it has the wherewithal, as you will see in the days ahead, to confront the challenges headlong and restore law and order, peace and security.”   Source Governors of the 19 northern states have met with security heads, led by the National Security Adviser (NSA), Maj. Gen. Babagana Monguno (Rtd), to deliberate on the escalation of security security failure in the region. It would be recalled that President Muhammadu Buhari had last week ordered the security heads,… In "News" By Rotimi Ijikanmi Abuja -   The Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, says the opposition is using fake news and hate speech as campaign tools to de-market President Muhammadu Buhari, ahead of the 2019 general elections. The minister said this on Monday when he paid official visit… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Two top officials of Katsina State branch of the Nigerian Union of Journalist, were on Tuesday suspended for hosting a press conference with one Bishir Sada Tsanni at the NUJ Press Centre which it said contravened the union’s constitution. announced the suspension of… In "News"