No fewer than eight people have been killed by bandits at Ungwan Gaida village in Chikun local government area of Kaduna state. The bandits were said to have invaded the community and started shooting sporadically and, in the process, shot eight people dead. Confirming the incident in a statement, the Kaduna State Commissioner for Internal Security and Home Affairs, Samuel Aruwan, said the bandits also burnt down a building belonging to the Assemblies of God Church along with several other house during the attack. In another development, the Nigerian Navy troops stationed in the Kujama general area killed three bandits and arrested two accomplices after repelling an attack on Wakwodna community, near Kasso village, also in  Chikun local government area. According to operational feedback to the Kaduna State Government, the troops stationed at the Kujama Checkpoint responded to reports of an attack on Wakwodna village, and swiftly deployed for intervention. The bandits fled into surrounding bushes on sighting the troops, and abandoned some rustled cattle, which were rounded up and returned to their rightful owners. The troops engaged the bandits just before Kaso village and in the gunfight, three bandits were neutralized. Two locals, who were injured in the exchange, were evacuated for medical attention. During the operation, the troops arrested a suspected bandit’s informant, Kapido Halilu and a logistics supplier, Umar Maipashi. Food and medical supplies meant for the bandits were also confiscated while the suspects were taken into custody for further investigation.  (Channels TV) •A file photo of a gun seized from crime suspects in Nigeria  KADUNA - Six persons have been killed by bandits during fresh village attacks in Igabi and Kauru Local Government Areas (LGAs) of Kaduna State. This latest killing took place barely 24 hours after attacks by bandits in Zango… In "Top Stories" Rampaging armed bandits on Tuesday attacked communities, killing 18 persons across two local government areas of Igabi and Chikun Council Areas of Kaduna State. Nine were killed in Igabi and another in Chikun local government areas, respectively. Dozens of bandits were, however, believed to have been neutralised in in the… In "News" Kidnappers and gunmen have sustained attacks in different parts of the country abducting 75 persons and killing 18 others. In Niger State, no fewer than 50 persons were abducted in the early hours of Thursday when bandits attacked Bassa community in the Shiroro Local Government Area of the state. Nine… In "News"