President Muhammadu Buhari has issued a new order to security operatives.  According to Buhari, all security agents must ensure the restoration of peace in the country. Buhari’s directive was disclosed by the Minister of Interior, Rauf Aregbesola on Friday in Katsina at the passing out ceremony of the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) Female Squad. Speaking at the event, Aregbesola assured that the directive would be accomplished, NAN reports. He also assured that the current insecurity challenges would soon be a thing of the past. “Let me assure Nigerians that the current situation is temporary and would soon pass by the grace of God. “Our President, Muhammadu Buhari has given law enforcement agents a new task to totally restore peace for every community in the country. We shall not rest or be tired until this task is accomplished,” he said. Aregbesola pointed out that no meaningful development could be achieved in a situation of chaos, violence and insecurity. He said the women squad was established with the aim of assisting in securing schools in the country.  Source Olawale Jokotoye Abeokuta - The Ogun Command of the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) has announced its commitment to enforcing the lockdown directive by President Muhammadu Buhari to check the spread of Coronavirus in the state. The Spokesperson of the command, Dyke Ogbonnaya, said this in a statement… In "News" The Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC), says it has developed new technology – Integrated Electronic Arrest Reporting System (I-EARS), for the collation of security data. The NSCDC’s Commandant General (C-G), Mr Ahmed Audi, disclosed this in a statement by the corps’ spokesman, Mr Olusola Odumosu, on Wednesday in… In "News" President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Ahmed Abubakar Audi as the new Commandant-General of the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC), the Minister of Interior, Rauf Aregbesola announced on Thursday. He said the appointment followed the retirement from service of Abdullahi Gana Muhammadu, in January. The Minister… In "News"