Rapper and model, ASAP Rocky has confirmed in a recent interview that he is romantically involved with singer and businesswoman, Rihanna.  The rapper noted he is ready to settle down and have babies, if it gets to that, noting he would be an incredible dad Their relationship is believed to have grown after Rihanna broke up with his billionaire boyfriend, Hassan Jameel Several social media users have shared hilarious reactions to the now-viral news For the longest time, rapper ASAP Rocky and Rihanna have been known to be great buddies who love hanging out and working on music together. However, as it appears, their friendship grew into something more, and they are finally opening up about their relationship. In an interview with GQ Magazine, the rapper confirmed that the two are an item, calling her the love of his life and his lady. Rocky also noted that “when you know, you know” that she’s the one, and she amounts to a million of the other ones he’s probably been with. He’s even ready to settle and have kids with the R&B star noting, “if that’s in my destiny, absolutely,” and affirmed he would be an incredible and overall amazing dad.  Source US President Donald Trump offered Saturday to guarantee the bail of rapper ASAP Rocky, detained in Sweden on suspicion of assault following a street brawl. Trump tweeted that he had spoken with Prime Minister Stefan Lofven, who he said gave assurances that the singer would be treated fairly. “Likewise, I… In "Foreign" Blac Chyna, 29, is reportedly expecting her third child – her first with rapper boyfriend YBN Almighty Jay. The make-up guru has been dating the rapper since February after splitting with Rob Kardashian – who is the father of her second child, one-year-old Dream Kardashian – a year earlier. And… In "Entertainment" Grammy-nominated rapper Nipsey Hussle was shot and killed outside his clothing store in south Los Angeles on Sunday, media reports said. Two other people were wounded in the shooting outside Marathon Clothing, the Los Angeles Times reported, citing law enforcement sources. According to reports, Hussle, 33, was shot multiple times… In "Entertainment"