Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  Muhammadu Buhari on Friday called on religious leaders of all faiths and backgrounds to unite in support of the fight against terrorism, kidnapping, banditry and the novel Coronavirus pandemic. According to a statement signed by spokesman Garba Shehu, the President made the call while speaking with the Sultan of Sokoto, His Eminence Sa’ad Abubakar lll who called to felicitate with the President on the successful completion of the Ramadan fast and the observance of the Eid. The President called for continuous dialogue between the leaders of the two major faiths for peace and stability to reign in the country. President Buhari commended the Sultan for his effective leadership of the Muslim Ummah and credited him with the unity of the community sustained under his watch. The Sultan pledged his commitment to the continued existence of the country as one and assured the President of the support of the Sultanate in the ongoing efforts to tackle the challenges facing the nation. (Channels TV) Abuja  -  President Muhammadu Buhari on Thursday urged religious, community and political leaders to mobilise their followers against corruption and other crimes. Buhari made the call at International Islamic Conference on Peace and Nation Building organised by Jama’atul Izalatil Bid’ah Wa’Iqamatis Sunnah (JIBWIS), in conjunction with the Muslim World League,… In "News" By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari has congratulated the Sultan of Sokoto, His Eminence, Sa’ad Abubakar III, on the occasion of his 63rd birthday. The president’s congratulatory message is communicated in a statement by his Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, Malam Garba Shehu, in Abuja on… In "News" THE North will support the presidential candidate with genuine commitment to deal with its problems and meet the region’s aspirations in 2023, the Northern Elders’ Forum (NEF) said on Sunday. Its convener Prof. Ango Abdullahi said: “The forum has observed that political maneuvres around the 2023 elections are targeting the… In "News"