No fewer than 30 women lost their lives in a ghastly auto crash when a truck lost its brake and rammed into roadside traders at Nkwommiri market in Nwangele, Imo State, on Saturday, an eye witness said. According to the source, the incident, which occurred around 12 noon at the Anara- Orlu expressway, where the market is situated, left many injured. Our correspondent gathered that the truck was attempting to climb the hilly road when its brake failed and crushed the women as well as other vehicles on the roadside. A youth leader from the community identified as Adolphus told our correspondent that the accident was so severe that some of the victims were also tossed into a nearby river. “The worst has happened here. A truck that lost its brakes has killed women trading on the road at Nkwommiri, and it looks like more are even injured and some trapped under the vehicle,” he said. A community leader, Frank Ozuruigbo, gave the assurance that the community is working with government official to rescue the trapped victims. When contacted, the police spokesman Orlando Ikeokwu said that rescue operation was ongoing but confirmed the death of only two women. •Saturday Sun Seven persons were, on Thursday, feared killed, while many others sustained injuries after a truck rammed into some stationary tricycles at the Bell Junction area of Ogun State. PUNCH Metro learnt that the accident, which occurred around 10am, involved a truck, whose driver lost control and rammed into the tricycles… In "News" The Nigerian Association of Road Transport Owner (NARTO) at the weekend counted the losses it incurred from the #EndSARS protests, saying the protesters burnt over 100 trucks bearing maize and cattle, totaling above N2billion. Its National President, Alhaji Yusuf Lawal Othman, who spoke to our correspondent in his Abuja office,… In "News" Maiduguri, the beleaguered Borno State capital, was in pain again yesterday. A bomb went off, killing no fewer than 35 – according to a National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) source. The source said he got the figure after bodies had been counted at the hospital. He declined to be quoted,… In "News"