Reverend Father Ejike Mbaka, Spiritual Director of the Adoration Ministry, Enugu, has condemned the invasion by protesting youths and women of Bishop’s Court at Igboeze street Independence Layout and Holy Ghost Cathedral Enugu last Wednesday. Mbaka, who kneeled down while celebrating mass at adoration ground on Sunday in Enugu, begged for forgiveness from Bishop Calistus Onaga and all Catholic Church worldwide. Recall that there was tension in Enugu on Wednesday as Mbaka’s followers poured into the streets after they declared him missing. They marched from the Adoration ground in Emene, Enugu, to the Bishop’s Court at Igboeze Street, Independence Layout Enugu where they destroyed some parts of the building. The protesters did not stop at that as they also headed for the Holy Ghost Cathedral where several church facilities were vandalised. Mbaka, later appeared, addressed his followers and said he would have been kept incommunicado by the Bishop for 30 days but for their protest. Mbaka, who warned his followers against the destruction of Catholic Church properties, said he never sent his followers to embark on such destruction. He said: “I want to plead with my Bishop and Catholic Church Diocess over the ugly incident which occurred last week Wednesday. I will never disrespect my Bishop because I’m under him. “Bishop and I never had any misunderstanding and we will continue to work together to win souls and preach the gospel to the people,” he said. (Daily INDEPENDENT) The Catholic Diocese of Enugu has finally broken its silence on the controversy surrounding the disappearance of Rev. Fr. Ejike Mbaka. According to the diocese, followers of Mbaka invaded the Bishop’s Court and the Holy Ghost Cathedral Church destroying valuable properties. The church therefore called for prayers and cleansing. Recall… In "Features" There was drama in Enugu State yesterday following the absence and reappearance of the spiritual director of Adoration Ministry, Rev. Ejike Mbaka. He had been scheduled to attend his usual morning prayer session, but did not show up. It was reportedly announced at the Adoration Ground that Mbaka went to… In "News" •Rev. Fr. Ejike Mbaka On Wednesday, May 5, 2021, the fake news broke that Rev. Fr. Camillus Ejike Mbaka was missing. The storyline was that Mbaka was invited by Bishop Calistus Onaga, Bishop of the Catholic Diocese of Enugu. There have been concerns that Mbaka had strayed too far away… In "Opinion"