The Ijaw Youths Council (IYC) Worldwide has shut down the Bayelsa office of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) and the Mbiama-axis of the East-West road for a mother-of-all protest against the refusal of the Federal Government to inaugurate a substantive board of the NDDC.  Scores of youths, who flew the flags of IYC, were said to have stopped traffic along the ever-busy East-West road causing panic among motorists and commuters. The organisation had given a 30-day ultimatum, which expired on May 25th, for the Federal Government and the Ministry of the Niger Delta Affairs to constitute the board or risk total shutdown of the Niger Delta. The protest was reportedly going on despite the unknown whereabouts of the IYC President, Peter Timothy Igbifa, who was reportedly whisked to an unknown place by masked gunmen. Igbifa was on his way to the International Airport Port Harcourt on Tuesday to board a flight to Abuja for a meeting when the gunmen blocked his vehicle, seized him and took him away. Details shortly…   Source Ijaw youths have appealed to President Muhammadu Buhari to immediately sack the Interim Management Committee (IMC) of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) and inaugurate a substantive board for the commission. The youths under the auspices of the Ijaw Youths Council (IYC) Worldwide said the IMC had outlived its usefulness… In "News" • Why lawmakers should reject commission’s budgets, by IYC • Interim team threat to N’Delta peace, Isoko youths warn Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate yesterday declared that it would not recognise the Interim Management Committee (IMC) in processing the 2019 and 2020 budget proposals of the Niger Delta Development… In "Top Stories" Unknown gunmen suspected to be unrepentant Niger Delta militants have abducted three Dutch nationals in Letugbene, Ekeremor Local Government Area of Bayelsa State. ‎It was also gathered that the whereabouts of two Nigerians who accompanied the Dutch nationals were unknown. Sources said the three Dutch nationals, two males and a… In "News"