Kaduna Governor, Nasir El-Rufai has promised a handsome reward to anyone who can provide the location of the National President of the Nigerian Labour Congress (NLC) Comrade Ayuba Wabba.  The comes after the governor declared Wabba and other members of the union wanted. They were declared wanted for economic sabotage and attacks on public infrastructure under Miscellaneous Offences Act. Governor Nasir El-Rufai, in a tweet on Tuesday, said: “Ayuba Wabba & others of @NLCHeadquarters declared wanted for economic sabotage & attacks on public infrastructure under Miscellaneous Offences Act. “Anyone that knows where he is hiding should send a message to @MOJKaduna. KDSG. There will be a handsome reward!” In another tweet, he said: “…The reform of the size, cost & quality of over bloated, inefficient & barely educated public service is at stake here. We will neither retreat nor concede to any thoughtless & corrupt political hacks ever!” The Nation reports the state government had said the five-day warning strike by the NLC, which began on Monday, will not distract it from its plan to ‘rightsize’ the civil service. But Wabba, who addressed civil servants in the state on Monday, vowed to bring the El-Rufai’s administration to its knees until the sacked workers are recalled. KADUNA UPDATE: Ayuba Wabba & others of @NLCHeadquarters declared wanted for economic sabotage & attacks on public infrastructure under Miscellaneous Offences Act. Anyone that knows where he is hiding should send a message to @MOJKaduna. KDSG. There will be a handsome reward! Kaduna Governor Nasir El-Rufai and the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) are gearing up for a showdown following a directive by the labour union to all its affiliates to join the five-day warning strike. The Nation reports the warning strike, which starts by midnight on Sunday, is in protest against mass… In "News" •NLC President Ayuba Wabba leading out workers on a protest By JOAN NWAGWU The Nigeria Labour Congress says it will withdraw services from both public and private organisations in Kaduna State for five days to protest mass sack of workers by the state government. The NLC President, Mr Ayuba Wabba… In "News" The President of Nigeria Labour Congress, Ayuba Wabba, has faulted Kaduna State Governor, Nasir El-Rufai, for describing workers as ‘micro minority’. While appearing as a guest on Channels TV’s Sunrise Daily, Wabba accused governors of paying illegitimate salaries to political appointees. El-Rufai, had on Monday, April 12, made known his… In "News"