ABUJA –  Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu, says the naira in its best possible health against the dollar. He spoke while featuring on Channels Television’s ‘Sunday Politics’ programme. Recall that the Central Bank of Nigeria last week officially made the NAFEX Investor & Exporter forex window rate of N410.25 as its official exchange rate to the dollar. It confirmed this new official rate on its website after it had removed N379/$ earlier in May. The naira was N197 to 1$ in 2015 when Shehu’s principal, President Muhammadu Buhari, took over as Nigeria’s president.Responding to a question on the naira-dollar rate in 2015 and in 2021, Shehu said, “I think the economists are more competent to talk about this but the naira is in the best possible health that it can be given the circumstance we are in.” When asked to respond to criticisms that the Buhari government lacks the capacity to manage the economy, the presidential aide said, “If you ask me this question, I will tell you that whoever questions the capacity of the government to manage the economy probably also need to have themselves re-examined because look at all of the things that have happened with COVID over the last year or more. “Can you see that in the entire Africa continent, this is the only country that is recording positive growth in its economy? Everybody is going under but our people are working day and night to ensure we don’t go under, we don’t go down as other countries.” “As far as I know, this government has the best team that anybody can have on the continent because the facts are there speaking for the administration,” he stressed. Punch Abuja -  President Muhammadu Buhari has said that Nigeria and its people will not derive any tangible benefit from an official devaluation of the Naira. A statement issued in Abuja on Thursday by the president’s Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, Malam Garba Shehu, said President Buhari made this… In "Business" Falling oil prices may be a major cause of the current decline in the value of the naira, but it is not the only one. Among the several factors mitigating against the Nigeria’s currency is the forthcoming 2015 elections. A trip down memory lane show a close relationship between elections… In "News" Long lines of lorries stretch like tentacles from Apapa port, the largest in Nigeria. Drivers doze in their cabs, feet flung over dashboards; some sling hammocks beneath the chassis. Musa Ibrahim, an ebullient trader, says he has been queuing for two days. He gestures at empty buildings. “Most of the… In "Features"