Bauchi state governor, Bala Mohammed has agreed with the Southern governors after they said that there is a lopsided appointment in the Buhari-led administration.  Bala who addressed journalists on Thursday May 14, said there will always be problem if only one section is given positions in government. He stated that self-actualisation and self-determination will always play out if there is no fairness at the top. The Governor said; “If you are not fair and equitable in your administration, in your management, if there is nepotism where only one section is given positions in government, then there will be problems. “There is an iota of truth in what the southern governors said on some sections being highly favoured at the detriment of others. “What we know in this country as a federalist is that there should always be a balance in terms of appointment of federal offices, even in the local governments. “If you don’t practise fairness at the top, then you cannot get it at the lower table and people will begin to think of self-actualisation, self-determination and so on and it will reflect negatively. Unless we ensure fairness and equity in the leadership of the country we cannot grow the economy.” Bala also said that the Buhari-led administration is not fighting corruption as they claim as there are sacred cows and more corruption. He added; “I think the federal government has lost any idea to grow the economy. What they are best known for is the blame game. They are not even fighting the corruption they claimed to be fighting. “There’s more corruption; perceptions are built that there are sacred cows; there are the gods in this country who cannot be touched.” Source Nigerians who were at the mercy of kidnappers and bandits. The President, in the statement by Shehu was quoted as saying that “I expect Nigerians to be more understanding on the issues involved, looking at time and available resources. “For example, when we came in, in the North-East, ask people… In "News" By Abdulrahman Yakubu When Bauchi State is mentioned in any contemporary discussion, what immediately takes centre-stage is the recent defection of Hon. Yakubu Dogara, former Speaker of the House of Representatives, from the People’s Democracy Party (PDP) to the All Progressive Congress (APC). While the broader implication of Dogara’s exit… In "Opinion" •Dr (Mrs) Aisha Mohammed and Governor Bala Mohammed of Bauchi State In time to come, chroniclers of this generation would definitely be left to wonder how the media, once held aloft as the lampstand of truth and society’s moral conscience, has degenerated to the purveyor of falsehood and deliberate mischief.… In "Opinion"