Police in Ebonyi state said they killed a loyalist of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) allegedly forcing people to observe sit-at-home-order in Abakaliki, Ebonyi state.  Police spokesperson, DSP Loveth Odah, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) that the hoodlum was killed in a gun battle with operatives on Monday. The deceased was among hoodlums intimidating and forcing people to comply with the sit-at-home order issued by IPOB leader, Nnamdi Kanu. The IPOB members were intercepting motorcycles, molesting, threatening and shooting into the air to scare people from engaging in their normal activities. Odah added that the police had secured the area and embarked on a “show of force’’ to maintain law and order in the state. “One of the hoodlums lost his life when they opened fire on our men”, the officer confirmed. Kanu, in a broadcast, threatened that those who move about from May 29 to 31, may lose their lives. IPOB had declared May 31 as Remembrance Day to honour those who died in the 30-month Nigerian civil war.   Source Social and economic activities were grounded across Nigeria’s South-East this Monday morning, May 31, 2021, following the sit-at-home order given by the proscribed Biafra agitators, the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB). The group said it declared a sit-at-home order in remembrance of more than five million Igbo people who died… In "News" Owerri - Economic and social activities have halted in Imo over the Sit-At Home order by the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) for fear of possible attacks. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reporter who monitored the development on Saturday in Owerri, reports that residents of the state have… In "Top Stories" •Ebonyi State Governor David Umahi ABAKALIKI - Ebonyi State Governor David Umahi has directed traders to observe Monday 31 sit-at-home order by the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB). Umahi gave the order on Sunday evening in a statement made available to newsmen by his Special Assistant on Media and Publicity,… In "Top Stories"