Goodluck Ebele Jonathan, a former President of Nigeria has spoken kindly about his late boss, late President Musa Yar’Adua.  Speaking on Wednesday, Jonathan said Yar’Adua was a peacekeeper. Goodluck Jonathan made the assertion in a statement posted on his verified social media handles to Mark the 11th year remembrance of Yar’Adua who died in 2010 while still in office as president of the Federal Republic of Nigeria. Recall that Late Yar’Adua died on May 5 2010 and was buried on May 6 in Danmarna, Katsina State. Goodluck Jonathan who was serving as vice president of the country until May 5 was sworn in as president on May 6 following the death of his predecessor as the Nigerian Constitution demands. In the remembrance statement, GEJ described his former boss as “a peacemaker, nation builder and democrat whose timeline was defined by virtues of service, peace, truth and love”. The statement reads: “Today, I celebrate my boss, friend, colleague and brother, President Umaru Musa Yar’Adua who departed this world 11 years ago. “As politicians, we shared a common vision of a peaceful, united and just nation. President Yar’Adua kept faith with this vision, channelling his strength and time in pursuit of an egalitarian society, until his last breath. “Although out of our sight, his legacies live with us and his memory we will continue to cherish. “We will always remember him as a peacemaker, nation builder and democrat whose timeline was defined by virtues of service, peace, truth and love”.   Source Former President Goodluck Jonathan has eulogized late President Umaru Musa Yar’Adua, who died exactly 10 years ago. Yar’Adua, the 13th President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, died on May 5, 2010. Yar’Adua served as governor of Katsina State from 29 May 1999 to 28 May 2007 before being declared… In "Politics" Katsina -  The family of late President Umaru Musa Yar’Adua on Thursday held prayers to mark the sixth year remembrance for the repose of his soul. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the late Yar’Adua died in office on May 5, 2010. Some selected Islamic clerics were invited… In "Top Stories" Aide to former President Goodluck Jonathan, Reno Omokri, has asked the Vice President, Professor Yemi Osinbajo to publish proof that his boss Jonathan spent N150bn in two weeks, saying that ‘let me state categorically that former President Jonathan DID NOT share 150 billion two weeks to the 2015 election. If… In "Top Stories"