The leadership of the National Assembly has approved the appointment of Abimbola Ayo-Yusuf as Chief Public Complaint Commissioner of the Federation in accordance with provisions of the law establishing the Public Complaint Commission.  The National Assembly also approved the appointment of 37 other Federal Commissioners for the 36 States and the Federal Capital Territory. A letter signed by the Senate President, Sen. Ahmad Ibrahim Lawan, conveying the appointments to the Clerk to the National Assembly (CNA), Arc. Ojo Olatunde, said the appointments will take effect from June 1, 2021 in the first instance for a three- year tenure The letter partly reads: “…after due consultation with the leadership of the two Chambers of the National Assembly and having satisfied the requirement of the relevant section of the law, the appointment of following individuals who are found worthy as Chief Commissioner and Commissioners of the Public Complaints Commission is hereby approved to represent their respective States and FCT as indicated against their names.” The Senate President cited the provisions of Section 2 (1) of the Public Complaints Commission Act, which states that “the Chief Commissioner and other Commissioners shall be appointed by the National Assembly and shall be persons of proven integrity and shall possess such other qualifications as the National Assembly may determine.” Until this new appointment, Ayo-Yusuf was the PCC Commissioner for Lagos State. Those appointed Federal Commissioners for States are Madukwe E. E. Ukaegbu – Abia; Abubakar Bobboyi Jijiwa – Adamawa; Uwah Ubong Emmanuel – Akwa Ibom; Mrs Emelda Okoli -Anambra; Ahmad Dauda Jika -Bauchi; Chief Wangagha Dige Dise – Bayelsa; John-Jack Iyorlian Gumh – Benue; Yusuf Adamu -Borno; Mr Obi Steve Owan -Cross River; Igben Harvest -Delta; Chukwu Donald Ogbonna -Ebonyi; Peter Jonathan Ethasor Anegbeh -Edo; Olukayode Ademola Bamisile -Ekiti, and Omeye Nick Onyebuchi- Enugu. Others include Tanimu Usman Deba -Gombe; Micheal Uzodinma Ifeanyi – Imo; Jinjiri A. Dutse -Jigawa; Abdullahi Garba Abbas -Kaduna; Ahmed Ado Dadinkowa -Kano; Abdullahi Ibrahim Mahuta -Katsina; Mohammed Musa Sabaka -Kebbi; Deinde Abolarin -Kogi; Olawuyi Abidemi Joseph -Kwara; Hon. Afeez Odunewu, – Lagos; Musa Ubandoma Azara, – Nasarawa; Bala Mohammed, – Niger, and Adegbuyi Abiodun Adesanya – Ogun. The other appointed Commissioners are Adeyemi Oni -Ondo; Mr Soji Asolo – Osun; Alhaji Folawiyo Bello – Oyo; Hon. Abbas A. Garba – Plateau; Paul-Worika Alpheaus Omiebi – Rivers; Sen. Bello Jubril Gada (CON) – Sokoto; Nuhu Sabo -Taraba; Lawan Modu Nguru -Yobe; Farouk Umar Musa – Zamfara, and Mike Gomwalk – FCT. All the appointees are to be issued their letters of appointment by the Clerk to the National Assembly as directed by the leadership of the National Assembly, the Senate President’s letter said.  Source •EFCC Chairman-nominee, Abdulrasheed Bawa  ABUJA - The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has promoted its Chairman-nominee, Abdulrasheed Ahmed Bawa, and 88 others. They were promoted from Grade Level 13 Principal Detective Superintendent (PDS) to grade level 14 Deputy Chief Detective Superintendent (DCDS) Grade Level 14, effective from January 1,… In "Top Stories" By Abiemwense Moru Abuja -   Speaker, House of Representatives, Mr Yakubu Dogara, has charged the newly appointed Chief Commissioner of Public Complaints Commission (PCC ), Chile Igbawua, to ensure acts of injustice were prevented. Igbawua and other commissioners were charged to ensure that acts of oppression and abuse of… In "News" •Justice Akon Ikpeme By Innocent Anaba, Henry Ojelu & Ike Uchechukwu The second time rejection of the nomination of Justice Akon Ikpeme as the substantive Chief Judge of Cross River State by the State House of Assembly, following her second re-nomination by the National Judicial Council, NJC, has received the… In "Features"