ABAKALIKI – Ebonyi State Governor David Umahi has directed traders to observe Monday 31 sit-at-home order by the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB). Umahi gave the order on Sunday evening in a statement made available to newsmen by his Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, Mr Francis Nwaze. Umahi made the call less than 24 hours after he threatened to seize any shop or business premises that are locked up on Monday in compliance with the no-movement order of IPOB. The statement reads: “The Government of Ebonyi State has received several requests from some families and residents of the state, requesting that they would like to remain indoors on Monday, May 31, 2021, to organise private family prayers in honour of their loved ones who were murdered during the unfortunate civil war. Some of the people with this special request own shops in some of our markets across the state. “While as a government, we remain resolute in the protection of lives and property of Ebonyians and all residents of Ebonyi State, we are aware that it is the right of anyone to remain at home or go about his/her normal businesses in this regard. “Following the foregoing, the Governor, Engr David Nweze Umahi, who is highly in touch with the people has directed that those who may wish to remain at home with their shop(s) locked should neither be penalized, nor their shop(s) seized as it is their constitutional right while the rights of those who may wish to go about their normal businesses should not be infringed upon as it is equally their constitutional right. “He has also directed security agencies to do everything possible to maintain law and order in the entire Ebonyi State while maintaining the ban of any procession and gathering of any kind throughout the state,” the statement stated. (Nigerian Tribune) Ebonyi State Governor, David Umahi, on Saturday evening, threatened to seize any shop locked by its owner as a result of the sit-at-home order issued by the Indigenous People of Biafra. This is as Umahi urged residents of the state to ignore the sit-at-home order by the proscribed group and… In "News" By Chukwuemeka Opara Abakaliki -  Traders in Ebonyi who obverse the sit-at-home order by the Indigenous Peoples of Biafra (IPOB) on May 30 will permanently forfeit their shops, Gov. David Umahi said on Tuesday. Umahi, who made the declaration in Abakaliki while addressing the people at the 2018 democracy day… In "Top Stories" •Governor Umahi  By CHRISTIAN OGBONNA Gov. David Umahi of Ebonyi has condemned the attack on some communities in Ishielu Local Government Area of the state by suspected gunmen. The attack took place on Monday night in Nkalaha, Obegu, Amazu, Nkalagu and Umuhuali autonomous communities. At least 15 persons were reportedly… In "Top Stories"