The acting Inspector-General of Police, Usman Alkali Baba, on Thursday, disclosed that the disbandment of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) created a vacuum in Nigeria’s Police effort at fighting insecurity.  The acting IGP spoke at the weekly Ministerial briefing, organized by the Presidential Communications Team at the Presidential Villa in Abuja. He also disclosed that the morale of the personnel of the force had remained dampened aftermath of the #EndSARS protest and with the recent attacks in the Southeast. He said the regular policemen and women have not been able to immediately slot into the vacuum created by the SARS disbandment even though efforts are ongoing to train them for the new role. The acting IGP affirmed that the security situation stabilizes most times but with pockets of problems around the country. Usman said that the police has recorded successes against secessionists and criminals in the southeast but they can not be prosecuted and brought to justice because of the ongoing strike by judiciary workers. On the plan to recruit 10,000 new police personnel, he revealed that the process has reached 70 percent, assuring that the exercise would stick to the Federal Character principle. He said the suspects that attacked Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State on his farm on, March 20, 2021, have been arrested and are in custody for the past one month.  Source For a long time now, many men of the Nigeria police have been acting as a lawless entity used to do the dirty work of the government. They harass, assault, brutalize, and shoot peaceful protesters even when the constitution is clear on the rights of Nigerians to peaceful protest. Ordinary… In "News" The Nigerian Bar Association on Tuesday urged the Federal Government to show sincerity in its disbanding of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad by throwing all detention centres of SARS open.   The NBA president, Mr Olumide Akpata, who made the call at a press conference in Abuja, listed some of the… In "News" ABUJA - Adamu Mohammed, the inspector-general of police, has announced the immediate disbandment of the special anti-robbery squad (SARS) following nationwide protests over its brutality. He made the announcement at a press conference on Sunday afternoon in Abuja. In a statement after the media briefing, Frank Mba, police… In "Top Stories"