Barely one week after the headquarters of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) was set ablaze in Enugu, the capital of Enugu State, another office of the commission in Igboeze South council area of the state, has been razed by hoodlums.  It was learnt that the office situated at Ibeagwa town, was attacked Sunday night by invaders who set the fire at about 11 pm. The fire was said to have succeeded in burning one of the rooms in the office before it was put out by the state fire service. Efforts to speak with the Enugu INEC Resident Electoral Commissioner, Dr. Emeka Ononamadu and the INEC spokesman in Enugu, Pius Eze failed as calls put to their phones were not responded to. However, Enugu State Chief Fire Officer, Engr. Okwudili Ohaa confirmed the incident to newsmen. According to Ohaa, “There was a fire outbreak at INEC Office, Ibagwa in Igbo-Eze South Local Government Area late last night. “We responded promptly, the situation is under control and we have extinguished the fire.” Ohaa added that it was only one room that was affected by the fire. The Nation reports that the latest incident was the third INEC office to be attacked and burnt by hoodlums in less than one month in Enugu State. The first casualty was that of Orba in Udenu Local Government Area where extensive damage was recorded. The State INEC headquarters in Enugu was later attacked where six Hilux vans were razed.  Source The Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, has once again announced that one of its offices Enugu State, South East Nigeria has been set ablaze. Barrister Festus Okoye, national commissioner & chairman, information and voter education committee, who disclosed this in a statement Friday morning said, “the spate of fire incidents… In "News" The Commissioner of Police in Enugu State, Mr Mohammed Aliyu, has ordered investigation into the fire incident at Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) headquarters in the state. Aliyu also directed a total cordon off of the premises to allow for proper investigation of the incident. The Police Public Relations Officer,… In "News" The Independent National Electoral Commission has lamented the serial fire attacks on its offices in some states, especially in the South-East geopolitical zone. INEC, however, stated that it will continue with its operations in the areas affected while summoning all Resident Electoral Commissioners across the states to an emergency meeting… In "News"