Former Jigawa Chief Judge Aminu Sabo Ringim has died in a lone accident in Shafar village, Ringim Local Government Area of the state.  Mr Adamu Shehu, the Public Relations Officer, Jigawa Command of the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC), confirmed the incident to newsmen in Dutse. “The incident happened around 1 p.m. today at Shafar village in Ringim LGA after the deceased, who is driving a Peugeot 206 from Dutse to Ringim, lost control on a sharp bend along Chaichai-Ringim road. “The incident involved two persons, the former Chief Judge and his son,” Shehu said. Read Also: Adamawa monarch Murum Mbula of Mbula Kingdom diesHe said that all the victims were rushed to Ringim General Hospital where the ex-chief judge was confirmed dead. According to the NSCDC spokesman, the son, who sustained various degrees of injury is currently receiving medical attention at the hospital. When contacted, the spokesman of the state’s Ministry of Justice, Hajiya Zainab Baba-Santali, confirmed the incident and promised to issue a statement soon. “The ministry will issue a statement concerning the deceased, immediately the state’s Commissioner for Justice and Attorney-General, Dr Musa Adamu returned from the burial. (NAN) A 19-year-old motorcycle spare part seller, Muhammad Abdullahi, has been arrested by operatives of the Jigawa State Command of the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) for allegedly sodomising a six-year-old boy. The mother of the victim, on observing some changes in her child’s behaviour, reportedly interrogated him and… In "News" The Police in Jigawa State have arrested a 30-year-old Alasan Audu for allegedly killing his wife days after their marriage, Daily Post reports. Spokesman of the command, SP Abdu Jinjiri, confirmed the incident in Dutse on Thursday. He said the incident happened on the 21/4/2020 at about 0800hrs at Kankarelu… In "News" Dutse - The Jigawa Command of the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC), said on Thursday that it recovered the corpse of a two-year-old boy, Sani Umar, from a pond. The state Commandant of the Corps, Malam Muhammad Gidado, told the News of Nigeria (NAN) that the deceased was… In "News"