The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has shifted the May 30 sit-at-home order to May 31. The group said the shift of date followed genuine observations about its earlier directive as many of its people observed Sundays as day of worship. In a statement by the Media and Publicity Secretary Emma Powerful, IPOB however said a partial observation of the Biafra Day would still hold on May 30 but insisted total lockdown and sit-at-home to the following day. It advised parents not to send their children to school on that day as no one was expected to be seen outside just as it enjoined motorcycle and tricycles organisations to withdraw from roads on that day. The statement reads: “We, the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) ably led by our great and indomitable leader, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, wish to announce that this year’s Biafra Remembrance Day sit-at-home will now hold on Monday, May 31, and not Sunday, May 30 as earlier directed. “The modification is following genuine observations about our earlier directive as many of our people observe Sundays as a day of worship. “There will be partial observation of the Biafra Day on May 30th. But there will be a total lockdown and sit-at-home on Monday 31st of May. “We therefore, expect Biafrans all over the world to stay indoors on May 31 for the respect and honor of our fallen heroes and heroines who paid the Supreme price for us to live. “It is our right to remember them for defending the genocidal attacks given to our people between 1967 and 1970 by Fulani Jihadists supported by British government. “Consequently, all commercial activities must be shut down on 31st of May throughout the land of Biafra. There should be no vehicular movement on that day on Biafra roads. Transport companies must withdraw from the road on that day. “National Union of Road Transport Workers (NURTW); National Associations of Road Transport Owners (NURTO); and others are expected to fully comply with this directive. “In the same vein, artisans and traders must close shop on that day. Airports, Seaports, Banks and financial institutions should all shut down in honour of our fallen heroes and heroines. “Okada and tricycles organisations are also advised to withdraw from roads on that day. There shall be no social gatherings or events including burials, weddings on that day from 6am to 6pm. “Parents are advised not to send their children to school on that day as no one is expected to be seen outside. Full compliance is expected from all. “Biafrans in Diaspora are to hold peaceful rallies in their countries of abode.” (The Nation) The controversial leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, Nnamdi Kanu, has ordered a total shut down of the Southeast, Abuja, Lagos State and the North on May 30. Kanu ordered the sit-at-home to celebrate those killed during the Biafra civil war. Speaking through the spokesman of IPOB, Emma… In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has described its May 30 sit-at-home order as a huge success, saying over 100 countries where Biafra people resided participated. The group in a statement on Sunday through its Media and Publicity Secretary, Emma  Powerful, said the protest took place beyond… In "Top Stories" Proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has declared October 1, 2020 as sit-at-home across Biafraland. The group said the decision followed credible intelligence alleging terrorist groups plan to slaughter people of the region who intend to celebrate the Independence day. In a statement by the Media and Publicity Secretary, Emma… In "News"