Suspected bandits have released two residents of Byazhin area in Kubwa, a suburb of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), after a ransom of N2 million was allegedly paid.  The men; Mr Ayodele Somorin and Mr Oladimeji Josiah, a carpenter, were kidnapped in their homes on May 21. The armed men, who stormed the hilly area close to the Lottery Quarters and few metres away from Living Faith Church, Byazhin in Kubwa, shot sporadically before they were whisked away. They were, however, released after spending about five days in the kidnappers’ den. When NAN visited the area on Thursday morning, although Somorin and members of his family were not around with their door padlocked, Josiah was at home. Josiah, one of the victims, who looked pensive, described the experience as horrible. He said the other victim and his family were advised by their relations not to sleep in their house now. When NAN contacted the Police Public Relations Officer, FCT Command, Mariam Yusuf, on the release of the abductees and the payment of ransom, she said she was unaware of the development. Yusuf, in a telephone interview with NAN, simply said: “If I find out, I will get back to you.” NAN reports that Yusuf on Tuesday, confirmed the kidnap, saying the police had launched an operation with a view to rescuing the victims unhurt.   (NAN) Determined in stopping bandits from infiltrating Abuja, security forces have commenced massive deployment of personnel and equipment to all entry and exit points of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT). This is coming barely 24 hours after Daily Sun exclusively reported that the military high command had approved a massive deployment… In "News" Abuja  -  Some residents of Abuja have called on the officials of the Department of Development Control of the Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) to be alert to their responsibility. The residents made the call in separate interviews with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja on Tuesday. NAN… In "News" The Oba of Lagos, Oba Rilwan Akiolu, has claimed that Lagos State is not part of Yoruba land. Akiolu’s statement is coming barely a week after he publicly humiliated the Ooni of Ife, Oba Adeyeye Ogunwusi at an event. In a statement from Akiolu’s palace, the monarch traced the historical… In "News"