ABAKALIKI – Governor David Umahi of Ebonyi State has declared seven-day fasting and prayers over the rising insecurity in the State. The government in a statement on Saturday by the Commissioner for Information and State Orientation, Hon. Orji Uchenna, announced May 1 to 8, 2021 as the period for the fasting and prayer. It said the first and last days would be marked by a special prayer by the stakeholders scheduled to hold simultaneously at the State Christian Ecumenical Centre Abakaliki, Akanu Ibiam International Conference Centre, Abakaliki and the headquarters of each of the local government areas from 4pm to 6pm. The statement reads partly: “In view of the present security situation in the country and in keeping with his covenant to run a God-fearing administration, the Governor of Ebonyi State, His Excellency, Engr Chief David Nweze Umahi FNSE FNATE ( Akubaraoha) has convened  a 7-day fasting and prayer scheduled to commence on Saturday,1st May and end on Saturday, 8th May 2021.” The statement named those to attend as: A. For State Christian Ecumenical Centre:- -His Excellency, the Deputy Governor. -The Rt Hon. Speaker EBHA. –  National Assembly members. -State House of Assembly members. -Permanent Secretaries. -Heads of Agencies and Extra-Ministerial Departments -EAs STA & TAs •State Chairman of Traditional Rulers Council. -Rachel Umahi Women-for Akubaraoha B. For Akanu Ibiam International Conference Centre. C. For Local Government Headquarters: -Council Chairman and Principal Officers of the Council. -Coordinators and Principal Officers of the Development Centres -Councillors Supervisors Traditional Rulers Local Government Executives of CAN Town Unions The government enjoined other members of the public to observe the prayer from their locations adding that EBBC (Ebonyi State Broadcasting Corporation) would transmit live the prayer sessions at the Ecumenical Centre while the Information Officers of each Local Government Area would ensure media coverage of the first and final day events. (News Express) Controversy has greeted the alleged defection of Governor of Ebonyi State, Engr. David Umahi, from the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) to the All Progressives Congress (APC), ahead of the 2023 general election.   The member representing Ezza South/Ikwo Federal Constituency in the House of Representatives, Hon. Chinedu Ogah, had on… In "Top Stories" •Governor Dave Umahi of Ebonyi State Politicians are not leaving anything to chance. Even before the posters for the 2019 elections have been removed, the race for 2023 has started and it’s just as charged at the national level as it is in the states. One state that is offering… In "Opinion" Ebonyi State Governor, Engr. David Umahi, will not be joining the All Progressives Congress (APC) alone, but with a large number of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), News Express has learnt.   Joining the Umahi to APC include the Speaker of the Ebonyi State House of Assembly, Hon. Francis Nwifuru,… In "Politics"