President Muhammadu Buhari and his French counterpart, Emmanuel Macron have committed their two nations to working together to fight insecurity bedeviling the Lake Chad basin area and the entire Sahel.  Malam Garba Shehu, the Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, in a statement in Abuja, said the two leaders made this position known at a bilateral meeting in Paris, France, on Tuesday. Macron, who hosted the Nigerian leader on the margins of the Financing Africa Summit in Paris, pledged his steadfast support for Nigeria and its people as they confront the security challenges facing the country. The French government would absolutely be there on the side of Nigeria and it was willing to support with everything to assist the country overcome its security threats, Macron said. He also pledged to support Nigeria in confronting the challenges faced with COVID-19 vaccines. At the meeting, Buhari, who outlined the challenges facing the country as well as its neighbours, also spoke about the steps he had taken to reignite response to the situation which, he said, included the appointment of the new Service Chiefs. The president expressed the willingness of Nigeria to work with France and all its international partners to rein in the security challenges. He thanked President Macron for agreeing to deepen the existing relations with Nigeria.  (NAN) BRUSSELS - The ‘De Gaulle moment’ that many had speculated about before Wednesday night’s Brexit summit did not come, but President Emmanuel Macron still lived up to the spirit of the post-war French leader by throwing his weight around the EU table. Macron may not have used his veto, but… In "Foreign" By Ismaila Chafe Abuja -   President Muhammadu Buhari on Friday in Abuja lauded the Republic of France for its commitment to strong regional cooperation in the fight against cross-border crime and terrorism. The President made the commendation at a farewell audience with the outgoing Ambassador of France to Nigeria,… In "News" By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari and the visiting French President Emmanuel Macron are currently engaged in bilateral talks bordering on security and terrorism at the Presidential Villa, Abuja. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the French leader and members of entourage arrived the presidential villa… In "Top Stories"