Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  The officers of the Nigeria Customs Service (NCS) Federal Operation Unit (FOU) Zone A invaded Oja Oba Market in Ibadan in the early hours of Saturday and carted away truckloads of foreign bags of rice The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) gathered that the officers broke into shops and warehouses in the market taking away no fewer than eight truckloads of bags of rice. NAN reports that the invasion is coming barely a month after a similar incident at Bodija Market, where men of the service also carried out a similar operation. The Public Relations Officer of NCS, FOU Zone A, Mr Theophilus Duniya, confirmed Saturday’s operation in a telephone interview with NAN in Ibadan. Duniya said the act which established the service empowered it to break into any shop or warehouse whenever it suspects contraband items are stocked in them. “Yes, an operation was carried out at the market. ” I cannot ascertain the numbers of bags of rice that were evacuated presently. “Normally after an interception, examinations are conducted where the bags are counted to ascertain the number. ” As I speak with you, am yet to get those information but I can confirm to you that there was an operation and some bags of rice were evacuated. “The act establishing the service empowers men and officers of the service to break into any shop or warehouse upon reasonable suspicion of prohibited items stocked therein, with or without warrant,” Duniya said. NAN Controversy has trailed the invasion of the Better Life section of the Ikotun Market in Lagos State by men of the Nigeria Customs Service. While some of the traders claimed that the law enforcement officers carted away local rice, including the money they kept in their shops, the agency said… In "News" By Yakubu Uba Mubi (Adamawa) Officers and men of the Adamawa/Taraba Command of the Nigeria Customs Service (NCS), on Friday raided Mubi town market for foreign rice and other contraband. News Agency of Nigeria ( NAN) reports that the raid, led by the Comptroller, Kamardeen Olumoh, led to seizure of… In "News" By Zubairu Idris Katsina - The Nigeria Customs Service (NCS), Federal Operations Unit (FOU) Zone B, has seized no fewer than 1,942 bags of foreign rice and other goods in Katsina State in two months. The Controller of the Unit, Comptroller Mustapha Sarkin-Kebbi, made this known on Monday during a… In "Business"