Two policemen were feared dead when unknown gunmen attacked Obosi Police Station in Idemili North local government area of Anambra State in the early hours of Thursday.  The incident happened barely a few hours after a newly deployed Commissioner of Police, Mr Chris Owolabi, assumed duty in the state. The gunmen, who stormed the station in large number, burnt down the station, killed two policemen, and freed all detainees in the cell. According to an eyewitness, the victims were killed inside an abandoned filling station close to the police station. It was gathered that the police officers lost their lives while trying to prevent the unknown gunmen from gaining entrance to the station. He said: “When other police officers on duty noticed an unusual movement of the unknown gunmen, the officers took to their heels. After freeing the detainees, the gunmen burnt down the police station.” Anambra State Police Public Relations Officer, PPRO, Mr Ikenga Tochukwu said he was yet to get full details of the incident.   Source ENUGU - In the early hours of Wednesday, unidentified gunmen attacked Adani Police Divisional headquarters in Uzo-Uwani Local Government Area of Enugu State. Mr Hassan Yahaya, the Commander, Nsukka Area Command, confirmed the incident to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) and said he was already in Adani to see… In "Metro" Suspected gunmen on Monday morning stormed Agudama- Ekpetiama Community police station in Yenagoa Local Government, firing and killing four police personnel. The yet-to-identified officers that were killed include a Divisional Police Officer (DPO), a pregnant policewoman and two policemen who were on duties. According to a community source who spoke… In "News" As many as three Nigerian police officers have been confirmed dead after an attack by gunmen. They died after the attack by gunmen on Onueke police station in Ezza south local government area of Ebonyi state. Two other officers were said to have sustained bullet wounds during the attack which… In "News"