Sunday Dare, the Minister of Youths and Sports Development, has dismissed reports claiming the NYSC scheme is set to be scrapped.  Two days ago, it was widely speculated that the one-year mandatory scheme for all graduates will be scrapped following the second reading of a bill in the House of Representatives seeking to end the scheme which some feel has outlived its usefulness.  Addressing the speculations on his Twitter handle this morning, the Minister said the government is committed to sustaining the scheme.  ”The NYSC scheme remains one of the greatest tools for National development for our youth. The commitment of the government to sustaining the NYSC scheme remains. Dynamic Reforms and Initiatives towards current realities are ongoing. Nigeria will stand with her youth.’ ‘ The tweet reads  The NYSC scheme remains one of the greatest tools for National development for our youth. The commitment of the government to sustaining the NYSC scheme remains.  Dynamic Reforms and Initiatives towards current realities are ongoing. Nigeria will stand with her youth. Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari said on Friday that the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) scheme would be used to drive his administration's change mantra. The News Agency of Nigeria, (NAN) reports that the president stated this at the swearing-in of 2016 Batch `A’ of the National Youth Service Corps… In "News" President Muhammadu Buhari on Thursday received members of the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) scheme, who were in the Presidential Villa, Abuja, on a ‘thank-you’ mission over their new allowances. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the four members representing others countrywide came to convey their “deepest gratitude”… In "News" Abuja - The Minister of Federal Capital Territory (FCT), Malam Muhammad Bello, on Tuesday, restated commitment to the welfare of members of the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) in the FCT. He gave the assurance in Abuja at the opening ceremony of the 2019 NYSC Sports and Cultural Festival with… In "News"