The Jigawa State Hisbah Command said it had confiscated 308 bottles of assorted alcoholic drinks in Gumel Local Government Area of the state. Malam Ibrahim Dahiru, the Hisbah Commander, made this known in Dutse on Saturday. Dahiru said that the items were confiscated during an enforcement tour carried out by its operatives at one of the hotels in the area at about 10 a.m. on Friday. “Our operatives have raided a hotel in Gumel town on Gujungu road where we succeeded in confiscating 308 bottles of assorted beer. “But we were not able to catch anyone as those present took to their heels after they sighted our men. “I’m using this medium to remind people that consumption of beer remains prohibited in all parts of Jigawa and Hisbah will continue to enforce that,’’ Dahiru said The commander added that the confiscated drinks were handed over to the police in the area for further action. According to him, the consumption of beers still remains prohibited in all parts of the state. Dahiru added that the command would continue to ensure that people stopped engaging in immoral acts and other vices that were capable of destroying the society. (NAN) About 1,975 bottles of beer estimated at N200 million were on Sunday confiscated and destroyed by the Kano State Hisbah Board, a security outfit. The incident took place in the metropolis of the state, following a court order, it was learnt. Speaking during the destruction exercise at Kalebawa in Dawakin… In "News" The Hisbah, a shariah law enforcement agency in Kano state, on Friday banned traders from using the word ‘black’ in their Friday promo sales, in which customers buy goods at subsidised prices. This was made known in a letter by the Kano State Hisbah Board ordering Cool FM, a private… In "News" By Muhammad Nasir Bashir Dutse - The Jigawa State Hisbah Board says it has mobilised 1,483 personnel for Saturday’s General Elections in the state. Mallam Ibrahim Dahiru, the Hisbah Commander in the state, announced made this to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Dutse on Friday. Dahiru said the… In "News"