Renowned journalist and public relations guru, Sir Abuchi Anueyiagu, is 60 years old today. In his own account as he recalled in a note to Sundiata Post, he was born on 6 May 1961 in Onitsha, Anambra State. He said he was having a silver spoon upbringing till the Nigerian civil war started when he was forced to relocate to the village, where he completed his primary and secondary education.He later later found himself back to the city, this time Enugu, on a visit to his uncle. There he eked out a living, first in broadcasting, later in print journalism (newspapers and magazines) and much later again in public relations practice. Sir Abuchi worked in Vanguard, THISDAY, The Comet, National Interest, among other newspapers. He worked in Sports Souvenir, Complete Football and Climax magazines. He also had a spell with The Guardian as its correspondent in Ebonyi State.He has held elective positions in journalism and the Church. He was two time chairman of Correspondents’ Chapel of the NUJ, Enugu State Council, comprising representatives of national newspapers, radio and television stations that are not based in Enugu. He was twice the Enugu State chairman of Sports Writers Association of Nigeria (SWAN). He was secretary of the Parish Council of Sacred Heart Catholic Church, Enugu for six years and led his home town union in Enugu for nine years.Currently Sir Abuchi is  the Worthy President of Comm.638 Uwani Enugu, Knights of St. John International (KSJI).Away from journalism, Sir Abuchi is public relations officer and head of human resources at Umuchinemere Pro-credit Micro Finance Bank, Enugu. where he works, he’s the PRO and head of human resources.He is also the co-ordinator of Izunwanne, an association of senior journalists and media practitioners from the South East. President Muhammadu Buhari is set to name a former North American Bureau Chief of The Guardian, Laolu Akande, as a Senior Special Assistant to lead the media and communication unit in the office of Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, PREMIUM TIMES can authoritatively report today. President Muhammadu Buhari is set to… In "News" I consider it a great privilege to count Shina Peters, the Afro-Juju maestro, who turns 60 this wee­k, as one of my fri­ends and brothers. Dele Momodu has alr­eady penned a short tribute in his honour and a committee of friends is planning a day of tributes to coincide with… In "Opinion" The sudden departure of Ismaila Isa Funtua from earthly life came as a shock. Yes, hardly does death give anyone notice that it would soon come calling or it is already by the door seeking entry. Many who have had a protracted illness and over whom families and relations have… In "Opinion"