By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Peoples Democratic Party, (PDP) Southeast Zone, has accused the Ebonyi State Governor, David Umahi of using EBUBEAGU security outfit to clamp down and unleash violence on every perceived political opponents in the state. The party alleged that Barr. Amos Ogbonnaya, a former Coordinator of Anuagata Development Centre, Chairman of the Parents Teachers Association of the Federal Government College, Okposi and the Legal Adviser to G64, a group of former appointees of the government of Mr. David Umahi who have been engaged in a battle over the alleged withholding of their entitlements as Development Centre Coordinators in Ebonyi State has now become one of the major victims of the EBUBEAGU armed militia of Mr. David Umahi. This was contained in a statement signed by the Senior Special Assistant, Media and Publicity to the National Vice Chairman, Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Southeast Zone, Moses Idika made available to Sundiata Post in Abuja. The statement reads in full: The attention of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Southeast Zone, has been drawn to a press statement issued on the kidnap and torture of Barr. Amos Ogbonnaya by the Ebonyi State Commissioner for Information and State Orientation, Mr. Uchenna Orji, where he made startling revelations about the sinister plans against all perceived political opponents of the All Progressive Congress (APC) Government of Governor David Umahi in Ebonyi State. Notwithstanding the shallowness of Mr. Orjis’s statement replete with incongruities, grammatical and logical errors, the statement did not come to us as a surprise bearing in mind that Chief Ali Odefa and the PDP, Southeast Zone had earlier alerted the public of the plans by the Governor David Umahi’s All Progress Congress (APC) government of Ebonyi State to clamp down and unleash violence on every perceived political opponents. It will be recalled that we had earlier informed Ebonyi people and the general public that the horudly formed EBUBEAGU security outfit which was inaugurated and armed by governor Umahi is a personal militia established solely to hunt down those seen as political opponents of Mr. David Umahi. It is also on record that we alerted the public of an initial plan to plant explosives on the business and residential premises of the National Vice Chairman of the PDP Southeast, HE, Chief Ali Odefa and other leaders and members of the PDP in Ebonyi State. Barr. Amos Ogbonnaya, a former Coordinator of Anuagata Development Centre, Chairman of the Parents Teachers Association of the Federal Government College, Okposi and the Legal Adviser to G64, a group of former appointees of the government of Mr. David Umahi who have been engaged in a battle over the alleged withholding of their entitlements as Development Centre Coordinators in Ebonyi State has now become one of the major victims of the EBUBEAGU armed militia of Mr. David Umahi. The Government of Mr. David Umahi of Ebonyi State has now made it abundantly clear that it has placed all perceived political opponents under watch, everyone with dissenting opinion is now followed about in Ebonyi State, (“From information available, it is obvious that Amos Ogbonna was last seen with Hon. Linus Okorie and Chidiebere Egwu( Alias Hulala).”) This is a calculated action of the State Government to stifle democracy, free speech and pounce on the fundamental Human Rights of the people of Ebonyi State especially those seen as opposing the APC government of Mr. Umahi. Just as we had earlier alerted the public, Ebonyi State Government has now unequivocally announced to the world its intension and plans to unleash terror on all perceived political opponents of the members of Governor Umahi’s government. According to Mr. Uchenna Orji, “It is warned that Ebonyi State Government has records of the antecedents and the crime records of these harbingers of doom and shall do everything possible to protect the citizenry from being a prey to their ungodly plots.” Already it should be noted that Ebonyi State Government has activated this evil plan as they have already started the smear campaign against political opponents of viz: “From information available, it is obvious that Amos Ogbonna was last seen with Hon. Linus Okorie and Chidiebere Egwu( Alias Hulala). We therefore demand that Security Agencies should hold them accountable on the whereabouts of their co-traveller as (sic) circumstancial evidence points compellingly on their complicity in their allegation.” Is it not rather curious that the first major “operation” (eye witness accounts clearly indicate that a well known member of the militia who doubles as the Personal Assistant of a Serving SSA to Mr. David Umahi well known and identified as “CONSIDER” led the kidnap squad with one of the vehicles of an appointee of Mr. Umahi in that area of the state) of the EBUBEAGU militia in Ohaozara Local Government, the local government of Mr. David Umahi was the kidnap and torture of Barr. Amos Ogbonnaya. It is now abundantly clear that the EBUBEAGU armed militia group inaugurated by Mr. David Umahi has nothing to do with securing the people of Ebonyi State, but its strictly a private militia as we rightly noted in the beginning with the sole aim of unleashing unprecedented violence on the people of Ebonyi State, especially those perceived as governor Umahi’s opponents. We are constrained, therefore, to charge the Nigeria Police, the Department of State Security Service (DSS), The Nigeria Security and Civil Defense Corps (NSCDC), the Nigeria Military and all other paramilitary organisations to use their intelligence networks to unravel the recent upsurge of crimes including kidnapping, armed robbery, car snatching and killings in Ebonyi State. Democracy in currently endangered in Ebonyi State as the despotic government of Mr. David Umahi has rather than protect the lives and property of the citizenry resorted to oppression and clampdown of the people of the State. Let us make it very clear that we are not intimidated by the marauding violence of Mr. Umahi’s private militia. As bonafide citizens of citizens, we shall henceforth deploy all constitutional and legal means to protect our fundamental Human Rights, including our right to life, freedom of Speech and association. Signed:Moses IdikaSenior Special Assistant, Media and Publicity to the National Vice ChairmanPeoples Democratic Party (PDP)Southeast Zone THERE was disquiet in the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) on Tuesday, following the defection of Ebonyi State Governor David Umahi to the All Progressives Congress (APC). It was learnt that the defection unsettled the party’s leadership after making a last-minute effort to dissuade Umahi from leaving its fold. The party… In "Politics" Ebonyi State governor, David Umahi has sacked most of his political appointees from Ivo Local Government Area of the State. One of his former allies and former Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Senator Pius Anyim is from Ishiagu community in the local government area. The sack comes barely… In "News" Controversy has greeted the alleged defection of Governor of Ebonyi State, Engr. David Umahi, from the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) to the All Progressives Congress (APC), ahead of the 2023 general election.   The member representing Ezza South/Ikwo Federal Constituency in the House of Representatives, Hon. Chinedu Ogah, had on… In "Top Stories"