ABUJA – The Youth Wing of the Christian Association of Nigeria (YOWICAN) on Sunday announced the declaration of three days national mourning for the death of those it described “our heroes” who died during the ill-fated military plane crash in Kaduna. The youth organisation also demanded an inquest and investigation into the series of crashes involving Nigerian Airforce (NAF) aircraft and helicopters. The national chairman of YOWICAN, Belusochukwu Enwere, who declared the three days national mourning in a statement, said it commenced on Sunday. See full statement Below The entire Christian Youths in Nigeria are grieved by the death of the Chief of Army Staff, Lt. General Ibrahim Attahiru and other military officers. Attahiru and the other officers are heroes who gave their lives for the security of our nation. The tragic incident is a colossal loss to Nigeria. This is a tragedy too mucj. Our country has passed this stage where military aircraft will crash like that and we call it normal. In less than one year, two military aircraft crashed for nothing without solid investigations. This will surely affect the security of our nation and war against insurgency, banditry and kidnapping. President Muhammadu Buhari must do something about this before it is too late. Who knows who is next? It could be the President, a governor, Senator, military officers or ordinary citizens. Starting from today (Sunday), we shall observe three days mourning for our fallen heroes. YOWICAN urges the Federal Government to do same because these men are risking their lives to secure our nation. As we announce a three days national mourning, we demand an extensive inquest into this military plane crash and must be followed to the last. We commiserates with the military high command, the families of Lt. General Attahiru and the other officers and men who have paid the supreme price for the security of our nation. We pray God Almighty to give them the fortitude to bear this irreparable loss. The Christian Association of Nigeria, on Sunday, mourned the Chief of Army Staff, Lt. Gen Ibrahim Attahiru; and 10 other military personnel, who died when a Nigerian Air Force Beachcraft 350 jet crashed near the Kaduna International Airport on Friday. The Christian body also expressed concerns at the spate of… In "News" The absence of President Muhammadu Buhari and his Vice Yemi Osinbajo at the funeral ceremony of Late Chief of Army Staff, Lt. Gen. Ibrahim Attahiru, has drawn the ire of Nigerians. Many Nigerians, who condemned the action, described it as ‘lack of empathy.’ Others criticised some Governors, Ministers and lawmakers… In "Features" •Late General Ibrahim Attahiru The Ohanaeze Ndigbo Worldwide has reacted to the death of Nigeria’s Chief of Army Staff, Lt. Gen Ibrahim Attahiru. The apex Igbo socio-cultural organisation, while consoling President Muhammadu Buhari and the Nigerian Army over the demise of Attahiru and ten others in the air force plane… In "Top Stories"