The Police Command in Ebonyi on Sunday repelled an attack on its division, killing one of the attackers and recovered an AK47 rifle.  The Police Public Relations Officer of the command, Loveth Odah, disclosed this in a statement on Sunday in Abakaliki. “At 1200hrs of Sunday, hoodlums, numbering about 20 in a Mitsubishi L300 Bus, and some others on foot, came in through the back fence and attacked one of our divisions at Ugbuodo Divisional Headquarters in Ebonyi Local Government Area of the state. “The attackers entered and immediately opened fire, shooting sporadically at policemen on duty but were swiftly challenged and repelled in a gun battle that ensued. One of the attackers was killed. “His AK47 rifle, GSM Phone, and Jackknife were recovered while others escaped with bullet wounds. However, one Mobile Police Personnel paid the supreme price. “Meanwhile, the Commissioner of Police, Ebonyi Command, Mr Aliyu Garba, has visited the division for an on the spot assessment of the situation. “He has also ordered a manhunt for the fleeing hoodlums with a view to arresting them for prosecution,” the PPRO said.  (NAN) •Force Public Relations Officer, CP, Frank Mba  Three members of a robbery gang have been killed by operatives attached to the Ebonyi State Police Command. The persons were part of the group of armed men responsible for a foiled robbery on a commercial bank in the Onueke area of the… In "Metro" As many as three Nigerian police officers have been confirmed dead after an attack by gunmen. They died after the attack by gunmen on Onueke police station in Ezza south local government area of Ebonyi state. Two other officers were said to have sustained bullet wounds during the attack which… In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) The Police in Taraba state have saved one Alhaji Yakubu Atiku from kidnappers and killed five suspects set to perpetrate the act. The suspects had stormed Atiku’s home in Garba-Chede, Gassol Local Government Area of the state late on Friday night, when the police were called in. In… In "Top Stories"