The Ohanaeze Ndigbo Worldwide has reacted to the death of Nigeria’s Chief of Army Staff, Lt. Gen Ibrahim Attahiru. The apex Igbo socio-cultural organisation, while consoling President Muhammadu Buhari and the Nigerian Army over the demise of Attahiru and ten others in the air force plane crash in Kaduna, said “this incident is a perceived act of sabotage that should be investigated.” The statement obtained by DAILY POST was signed by Ohanaeze Secretary-General, Mazi Okechukwu Isiguzoro. He said it now appeared that “anyone who demonstrates vigour and will power to combat insurgency in the North will either be downgraded, axed, transferred or slain. “The sophistication of the insecurity challenges in the North means that the leaders are unwilling to tell Nigerians the truth.” He added that, “President Buhari’s unbroken favour for the North with the position of Chief of Army staff has not produced the desired results but rather it has brought calamities and sabotage. “It’s solely a Southern Chief of Army Staff that can fix the issue of ‘recycling insurgency in the North’. The President should consider a Southerner to quell the conspiracy theories craftily designed by beneficiaries of the insurgency in the North. “We salute the heroic and dignified stance of late Army Chief Attahiru to dismantle the conglomerate siphoning the wealth of the nation through insurgency. “We believe that Attahiru and other military officers that had paid the Supreme prices for peace to reign in Nigeria should be mourned as ‘heroes of democracy and be immortalized’. The Igbo group queried “if the era of plane crashes has returned. We advise President Buhari, V.P Osibanjo and others should avoid flying private jets until investigations on the NAF ill-fated flight is concluded and made open to Nigerians.” Daily Post ....Atiku says it's a dark day for the nation By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja - The Nigerian Army has announced the death of its Chief of Army Staff, Lieutenant General Ibrahim Attahiru in a plane crash on Friday evening. The Army disclosed this in a statement signed by the Director Army… In "Top Stories" Chief John Nnia Nwodo, a Nigerian lawyer who is also the immediate past President-General of Ohanaeze Ndigbo has reacted to the new appointment of service chiefs by President Buhari. President Buhari bowed to pressure and replaced the service chiefs. The appointed new Service Chiefs include Major-General Leo Irabor, Chief of… In "News" •Lt. Gen Ibrahim Attahiru By Sumaila Ogbaje ABUJA - The Nigerian Army has confirmed death of its Chief, Lt.-Gen. Ibrahim Attahiru and 10 others, in an ill-fated NAF aircraft near Kaduna International Airport on Friday, saying he was a highly decorated officer. The Director, Army Public Relations, Brig.-Gen. Mohammed Yerima,… In "Top Stories"