Abuja –  Frank Akpan, the father of Uduak Akpan, the serial killer who murdered an innocent job seeker in Akwa State, Iniubong Umoren, has said that his son should face the full wrath of the law. Iniubong was lured, raped and eventually killed for a phony job offer by Uduak, who has confessed to the crime, saying he was ready to die if found guilty. The suspect, 20, a 200-level Public Administration student of Obong University, Etim in Ekpo Local Council, said he killed the 26-year-old University of Uyo graduate of Philosophy, in self-defence, after she accepted his proposal for consensual sex, but turned around later to “attack me with a stabilizer when I tried to bring a condom.” Speaking to journalists, Iniubong’s father, Frank, said he was disappointed with his son. He also said that he is ready to accept whatever penalty the law decides to punish his son with, even if it’s death. “I have never believed such a thing could happen to me because I brought these children up in a righteous way. The police stormed my house in search of Uduak but didn’t see him. I was invited to come and answer some questions at the police station and when I got to the station, I was asked to call him,” he said. “When he came back to Akwa Ibom, I was allowed to interact with him and that was when he told me that he committed an offence. I was disappointed; I scolded him and asked why he committed such a crime knowing fully well he has two sisters that are equally students and are both in school. “I felt bad because I know they are women too, and I wouldn’t want such fate to befall them too.” He further revealed that he wasn’t at home when his son carried out the heinous crime. Frank, who also refuted claims that the house was an abandoned building where his son carries out his evil deeds, said he and his family were full occupants of the house. “The fact that the house is always locked and abandoned is not true because we have a borehole in there and all the residents around there come to fetch water from our compound. “It’s just unfortunate that this had to happen. I never knew that this is what he does and I’m not in any way involved in this particular act. “I was never aware of his previous acts because I haven’t fully been with them. We just relocated from Abuja and I also retired because I was a government worker. I haven’t been around for close to 30 years now. “I’m not happy about what my child has done. I don’t even believe this can happen to me after all the years of toiling to send them to school and ensure they get the best. It depends on the system and if they say the penalty for his crime is death, then he should face the full wrath of the law,” he added.  According to SaharaReporters, the Akwa Ibom State Police Command has paraded Uduak Frank Akpan, the suspected killer of a job seeker, Iniubong Umoren to dismiss rumour of his death in custody. The suspect who was paraded alongside his father, said he killed the girl in self defense and not intentionally.… In "News" Youths from Nnung Ikono Obio in the Oruan Local Government Area of Akwa Ibom State, on Tuesday, stormed the family house of Uduak Akpan, the prime suspect in the murder of a jobseeker, Iniubong Umoren, and vandalised it. It was gathered that the youth took the action after setting ablaze… In "News" The Akwa Ibom State Police Command has cleared the air over alleged reports that Uduak Frank Akpan, the suspected killer of a job seeker, Iniubong Umoren committed suicide. The Commissioner of Police, CP Andrew Amiengheme while debunking news of the alleged killer, described the rumour as the figment of the… In "News"