Manchester United manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer said the disruption to his team’s preparations caused by fan protests was not to blame for his side’s poor performance in their 4-2 home defeat by Liverpool on Thursday.  The Premier League match was re-arranged after fan protests 10 days ago forced a postponement and there was strict security and a heavy police presence around Old Trafford. United’s players arrived at the stadium over seven hours before the start of the game, having their meal and rest inside the ground rather than their usual routine of staying at a hotel. Protesters had indicated on social media that they intended to try to repeat their approach of blocking the team from leaving their hotel and travelling to the ground. Solskjaer, whose side have now lost two straight home games since the protests began but remain second in the table, was quick to avoid any suggestion of using the situation as an excuse. “Once we were in it was all focus on the game. But it is a different preparation coming in at noon for a quarter-past eight kickoff, it’s a long time to be here but I thought the boys managed that well,” he said. “Of course, it disrupted us a little bit so it’s not been ideal but we had to deal with it,” he added. Solskjaer said Liverpool had been good value for the three points. “They deserved the win. We conceded goals in key moments of the game. We didn’t build on the momentum or break up their momentum. We gave them at least two goals really. Then we scored again, had a massive chance… Key moments went against us,” he said. United’s home game against relegated Fulham on Tuesday will see some fans back in their seats and the Norwegian hoped that would create a different feeling. “Hopefully, when we let the fans in on Tuesday it’s a good atmosphere. We have waited a long time to let them in so we’re looking forward to enjoying the game together.” United fans have been protesting against the club’s American owners, the Glazer family, with the campaign against them reignited by their involvement in the attempted breakaway European Super League.   Source Manchester (UK) - The journey from the bench to the pundit’s studio is so quick in the modern game that some could be forgiven for thinking Manchester United had two managers after Sunday’s game. Manchester United had a 1-1 draw with Liverpool at Old Trafford. So, after Liverpool manager Juergen… In "Sports" Abuja(SundiataPost) -Former Manchester United striker, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, will return to Old Trafford as Caretaker Manager until the end of the season, the Premier League club said on Wednesday. United sacked Manager Jose Mourinho on Tuesday after the sixth-placed side made their worst start to a season for 28 years,… In "News" Manchester United have appointed Ole Gunnar Solskjaer as permanent manager on a three-year contract. The Norwegian, 46, arrived at Old Trafford on an interim basis in December to replace Jose Mourinho. Solskjaer spent 11 seasons as a United player, scoring the winning goal in the 1999 Champions League final. "This… In "Sports"