Eighty-six freight trains have recently arrived in Nigeria, according to a statement released on Friday by the China Civil Engineering Construction Corporation Ltd.  The statement revealed that the 86 freight trains will be used on standard gauge railways in different parts of Nigeria. “Recently, the first batch of 86 freight trains arrived in Nigeria. They will be used on standard gauge railways like the Abuja-Kaduna Railway, Itakpe-Warri Railway, and Lagos-Ibadan Railway. “This will also be our first time undertaking Port-Railway intermodal transport during the trial operation of the Lagos-Ibadan railway,” the statement partly read. According to the statement, the 86 freight trains were only transported under six days, rather than the estimated 30 days to arrive in the country. “In order to carry out the Port-Railway intermodal transport successfully, CCECC Nigeria and its partners made joint efforts to complete the transport of the 86 freight trains in only 6 days, which was 24 days shorter than the estimated 30 days, significantly reducing the time and ensuring transport safety.”  Source By Lucy Ogalue Abuja - The Ministry of Transportation is seeking President Muhammadu Buhari’s approval for the rehabilitation of the Portharcourt – Maiduguri narrow gauge. Minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi, told newsmen in Abuja that while waiting to get the loan to construct the standard gauge, it would be easier… In "Politics" To most analysts, President Goodluck Jonathan’s name will be written in gold for his administration’s pragmatic efforts at reviving the Nigerian Railway Corporation (NRC) which has been comatose for nearly 30 years.They note that the feat is even more evident with the president’s recent inauguration of two Diesel Multiple Units… In "News" Abuja - The Federal Ministry of Transport said on Monday it would complete the standard gauge rail line of the Nigeria Railway Corporation (NRC) before the December deadline. The Permanent Secretary in the ministry, Alhaji Mohammed Bashar, made this known to State House Correspondents in Abuja after he had briefed… In "News"