The National Examinations Council on Thursday said 26,277 out of the 39,503 candidates who sat for its 2020 Senior School Certificate Examination for external candidates obtained five credits and above including in English Language and Mathematics.  The board’s Registrar, Prof Godswill Obioma, disclosed this at the council headquarters in Minna, Niger State, according to a statement by its Head, Information and Public Relations Division, Azeez Sani. According to the statement, 41,459 candidates registered out of which 39,503 actually sat for the examination. The statement also disclosed that 6,465 cases of examination malpractices were recorded in 2020 as against 17,004 cases in 2019. Sani quoted Obioma as attributing the reduction in cases to the result of deepening monitoring of the examination by members of the governing board, management, and senior staff of the council. The statement read, “The National Examinations Council has released the results of the 2020 Senior School Certificate Examination for External Candidates. “Announcing the results at the Council Headquarters in Minna on Thursday, the Registrar/Chief Executive, Prof. Godswill Obioma disclosed that a total of 41,459 candidates registered for the examination, out of which 39,503 actually sat. “Obioma explained that a total of 26,277 candidates obtained five credits and above including English Language and Mathematics while 34,014 candidates also obtained five credits and above irrespective of English Language and Mathematics. “The Registrar who reiterated the council’s zero tolerance for examination malpractice, noted that appropriate standards and excellence were maintained right from the planning stage to the release of results. “Obioma disclosed that 6,465 cases of examination malpractice were recorded in the 2020 SSCE External as against 17,004 cases in 2019. “He noted that the reduction in the level of malpractice was as a result of deepened monitoring of the examination by members of the Governing Board, Management and Senior Staff of the Council. “The Registrar explained that in line with the Council’s zero tolerance for examination malpractice, four supervisors who were found culpable of aiding and abetting malpractice have been blacklisted and would no longer be engaged in the conduct of NECO examinations. “One examination centre in Ogun State has been derecognized for intimidation and several attempts to induce NECO officials as well as aiding and abetting examination malpractice.” Obioma also said the results of 256,000 candidates who missed some papers during the 2020 SSCE (Internal) due to the #ENDSARS protests in some states and who sat for those papers during the 2020 SSCE (External) are being released alongside those of the external candidates.  Source By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The National Examination Council (NECO) on Wednesday released the results of its 2020 Senior Secondary School Certificate (SSCE) examination it conducted throughout the country between October and November. NECO Registrar and Chief Executive Officer of NECO, Prof. Godswill Obioma announced the results on… In "Top Stories" The 2020 West African Senior School Certificate Examination (WASSCE) for Private Candidates, 2020, First Series result has been released 30 days after the conducted of the examination across the federation. This is as the Head of West African Examinations Council, WAEC, Nigeria, Mr Olu Olanipekun at media briefing in Lagos… In "News" LAGOS - The West African Examinations Council (WAEC) has withheld a total of 28,817 results of candidates who sat for the 2014 November/December West African Senior School Certificate Examination (WASSCE). The Head, National Office of the Council, Mr Charles Eguridu, disclosed this at a news conference to announce the release… In "News"