Two people said to be residents of Modakeke in Osun State, whose identities were not immediately available, had been reportedly shot dead in Alapata village by some gunmen. Sources in Modakeke told our correspondent that the deceased were shot dead in the early hours of Tuesday.  It was learnt that as soon as the news of the incident got to town, angry residents mobilised to the village and took the corpses to the palace of Ogunsua of Modakeke. A resident, Jamiu Adegbite, in a chat with The PUNCH, said, “The situation almost went out of control when the corpses were brought to town. Our youths are aggrieved but elders of the town appealed to them to allow law enforcement agents to investigate the matter. “The corpses were later taken to the Oke Otubu Police Division in Modakeke. They were later moved to the mortuary. But tension is rising over the killing.” The spokesperson for the Modakeke Progressive Union, Ven. Debo Babalola, confirmed the incident, but told our correspondent to wait till Wednesday for details of what happened. The spokesperson for the Osun State Police Command, Yemisi Opalola, also confirmed the incident.  Source  At least, six persons were killed on Thursday evening when some heavily armed bandits attacked the branch of a second generation bank located beside Modakeke High School, Modakeke, headquarters of Ife East local government, Osun State. Public Relation Officer, Osun State police Command, Folasade Odoro, who confirmed the sad incident… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Policemen and residents of Lagere Area of Ile-Ife on Monday foiled attempts by some persons suspected to be armed robbers to attack some commercial banks in Osun State. Offa robbery (File photo) Recall that seven commercial banks have branches in Lagere area and the suspected… In "News" Kidnappers and gunmen have sustained attacks in different parts of the country abducting 75 persons and killing 18 others. In Niger State, no fewer than 50 persons were abducted in the early hours of Thursday when bandits attacked Bassa community in the Shiroro Local Government Area of the state. Nine… In "News"