Bishop David Oyedepo has said nothing will make him leave the country even if crisis breaks out.  According to the presiding Bishop of Living Faith Church Worldwide, he will be the last person to escape from Nigeria. Addressing his members at the church’s headquarters in Ota, Ogun State, Oyedepo admitted that though things were currently wrong in Nigeria, he would not leave the country. He said: “If there is a crisis in this Nation, I will be the last to leave here. “Don’t rob nobody, don’t cheat on anyone. Don’t outsmart your business partners. Don’t swear falsely. Don’t take bribes. Favour is the companion of all that fear God and favour shall be your companion from now. “Flowing in favour demands the doing of righteousness. You know there is the appropriation of righteousness that people emphasize today, but don’t be deceived, he that doeth righteousness is righteous. The doing righteousness: favour! “There was an explosion of favour, until the time that his Word came. The Word of the Lord tried him.” This is coming at a time when Pastor Paul Adefarasin of House on the Rock asked his members to have a plan B regarding their stay in Nigeria. Adefarasin said Nigerians should have escape plans out of the country should things degenerate.  Source The Living Faith Church, also known as Winners Chapel, has cleared the air on statements attributed to its general overseer, Bishop David Oyedepo, claiming that he asked God to open “hell gate” on opponents of President Goodluck Jonathan, when the president visited the headquarters of the church in Ota, Ogun… In "News" The General Overseer of the Living Faith Church International (Winners Chapel), Bishop David Oyedepo, has called on the government to come to him for a lasting solution to the COVID-19 pandemic. He stated this on Sunday during the 40th anniversary thanksgiving service of the church in the Ota Cathedral in… In "Features" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - General Overseer of Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG), Pastor E. A Adeboye has finally broken his silence and replied critics on what he has done about the killings of innocent Nigerians across the country. Responding to those who have accused him of… In "Top Stories"