The President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), on Wednesday, welcomed the release of the 27 students of the Federal College of Forestry Mechanization, Afaka, Kaduna State.  He also congratulated their friends, families, the government and the people of Kaduna State on the development. Buhari’s position was contained in a statement by his Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu, titled “President Buhari welcomes release of Forestry School students.’ The President was quoted as saying that, “We are happy they have been released. “We express our deep appreciation to all the actors who contributed one way or the other to this happy outcome, in particular, the defence and security agencies, the officials of the Ministry of Environment and the government of Kaduna State. We thank Nigerians for their prayers.” According to Shehu, Buhari called for steadfastness and security awareness on the part of citizens and the law enforcement agencies. He was further said to have deplored what he called the increasing politicisation of security in the country by opportunistic politicians. “The President appeals for the release of the students of the Greenfield University and all other citizens held in captivity, expressing the strong determination of his administration to ensure that Nigerians lived in a country where everyone can move where they want, when they want without the fear of kidnapping and banditry,” the statement added.   Source President Muhammadu Buhari has extended heartfelt condolences to the family of Afaka on the passing of Sa’idu Afaka, his official driver, who died at the State House Clinic on Tuesday after a prolonged illness. The president’s condolence message is contained in a statement by his Senior Special Assistant on Media… In "News" Details how Saidu Afaka, the late official driver of President Muhammadu Buhari died have emerged. According to SaharaReporters, Afaka was detained by the Department of State Services, tortured before being rushed to the State House Clinic, Abuja, where he later died. Top sources revealed to Sahara Reporters that Afaka, who… In "News" The Northern Patriots, a northern political group, has identified regional injustice and imbalance in major federal appointments, particularly in the security sector, as some of the drivers of insecurity in the country. The group added that the clamour for cessation, restructuring and other issues fueling disunity in the country have… In "News"