The Directorate of Public Prosecutions has said a prima facie case has been established against Yoruba actor, Mr Olanrewaju James, aka Baba Ijesha.  Recall that the police arrested Baba Ijesha for sexual assaulting a minor in the care of a comedienne, Adekola Adekanya, aka Princess.  On Friday, April 30, 2021, the police forwarded the case file to DPP for legal advice. The DPP in a statement on Monday signed by the Commissioner for Justice, Moyosore Onigbanjo, concluded that a prima facie case had been established against James. Sexual assault: Over 7,500 sign petition, kick against Baba Ijesha’s releaseFootage of Baba Ijesha abusing minor disturbing, says Yomi FabiyiIt recommended that Baba Ijesha should be charged for the offences, including indecent treatment of a child, which is punishable by nine years’ imprisonment; defilement of a child, which is punishable by life imprisonment; sexual assault by penetration, which is punishable by life imprisonment; attempted sexual assault by penetration, which is punishable by 14 years’ imprisonment; and sexual assault, which is punishable by three years’ imprisonment. “Irrespective of Baba Ijesha’s rights as entrenched in the constitution, it is expected that the Ministry of Justice would not relent in its efforts in ensuring that every sexual predator feasting on Lagos residents is speedily brought to book,” the statement added.  Source Purported plans to release Nollywood actor Olanrewaju James popularly known as Baba Ijesha have drawn the ire of Nigerians. The Nation reports the 48-year-old actor was apprehended for allegedly defiling a minor. Since the news came to the fore, several Yoruba entertainers have expressed divergent views on the matter. While… In "News" About 1,200 Nigerians have signed a petition making rounds on social media to forestall the release of popular Yoruba actor, Olarewaju Omiyinka, after allegedly defiling a minor. For now, the target is for the signees to reach 1,500. The actor, popularly known as Baba Ijesha, was arrested last week, after… In "News" Over 7,500 persons have signed a petition to prevent the release of popular Nollywood actor, Olanrewaju Omiyinka, better known as Baba Ijesha, for allegedly sexually assaulting a 14-year-old girl in the care of popular comedienne, Adekola Adekanya, otherwise called Princess. The actor was also said to have first defiled the… In "News"