President Muhammadu Buhari has been called out by the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP).  The party on Sunday asked President Muhammadu Buhari-led All Progressives Congress (APC) to end their insensitivity and take urgent steps to address the worsening food insecurity and the attendant hunger and starvation across the nation. This was contained in a statement on Sunday by Kola Ologbondiyan, National Publicity Secretary of the party. According to the statement, “the PDP laments that under Buhari, over 82.9 million Nigerians can no longer afford their daily meals due to the failure of the administration to take practical steps to grow and protect the food sector.” This, according to the statement, led to severe food scarcity with prices soaring beyond the reach of Nigerians. The statement further explained that, “Due to the misrule of the APC and Buhari administration, our country now ranks as 98 out of 107 in Global Hunger Index, with an agonizing food shortage, collapsed purchasing power, alarming 33.3 percent unemployment and 22.95 food inflation rates as well as increased morbidity and mortality rates. “Today, under the APC, a bag of rice which sold for N8,000 under the PDP now sells for N30,000, a measure of garri and beans which sold for N150 and N250 now sell for N500 and N800 respectively; “A measure of maize and guinea corn which sold for about N150 now sells for N400, while a kilo of meat which sold for about N800 now sells for about N2,300.” “Our party notes that the current food crisis is occasioned by the failure of the APC administration to recalibrate our agricultural sector as well as to take decisive steps to address the violence, terrorism and banditry in food production areas. “Nigerians recall how the APC administration had remained insensitive to calls by our party and well-meaning Nigerians asking it to address the escalated violent attacks and killing of farmers as well as livestock producers, by bandits, terrorists and criminal herders resulting in desertion of farms in various parts of our country. “Nigerians can also recall the response of the APC administration to the beheading of 43 rice farmers in Borno State, wherein it heaped blame on the slain patriots instead of immediately tracking down their killers and ensuring the security of our farmers in the area. “Under the APC and Buhari watch, our farmers now overflow in Internally Displaced Persons (IDP) camps as their fields and farmhouses have been overrun by bandits and terrorists including political mercenaries brought into the country by the APC to assist in unleashing violence to rig the 2019 general elections. “Moreover, escalated insecurity on our highways has also hampered production and distribution value chain, with no hope in sight. “Our party charges President Buhari to take urgent steps to address the urgent issue of hunger by opening our silos to cushion the situation and push down prices. “The Federal Government should also realign the agricultural sector by beefing up security in food production areas so that our farmers can return to the farmland. “The PDP also believes that the time has come for President Buhari to provide direct stimuli to small businesses as incentive to pay salaries, revamp production and boost purchasing power. “Moreover, President Buhari should take steps to recover the over N15 trillion stolen by APC leaders and channel part of it to emergency action for food security in our country, before it is too late,” the PDP said.  Source ….urges Buhari open our silos to cushion the situation and push down prices By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Peoples Democratic Party has laments that under Muhammadu Buhari, over 82.9 million Nigerians can no longer afford their daily meals due to the failure of the administration to take… In "Top Stories" …Says President Again Lied On Food, Security and Economy By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post)  -  The PDP Presidential Campaign Organization (PPCO) has described the All Progressives Congress (APC) Presidential campaign Flag-off in Uyo, Akwa-Ibom state, as a flop and .mockery of President Muhammadu Buhari, adding that the cold… In "Top Stories" ... Says No Concrete Steps by APC Administration to Strengthen and Fortify Security Architecture in Troubled Areas ... Maintains that Should APC-led FG Deploy Same Energy and Resources Used in Fighting Perceived Opponents Towards Fighting marauders, Security Challenge Would Have Phased Out ... Urges APC Govt to Come Out Clear… In "News"