As insecurity worsens in the country, unknown gunmen have abducted an unspecified number of students of Abia State University Uturu, ABSU.  The incident according to reports occurred Wednesday night as the students were in a commercial bus returning from Okigwe to Uturu around 8:00 pm.  Meanwhile, Abia State Government has assured that efforts were being intensified to ensure the safe return of the abducted students. Commissioner for Information, Chief John Okiyi Kalu who gave the assurance in a press release and the state government was collaborating with the neighbouring Imo State to rescue and students. The statement read in part:” Abia State Government is currently monitoring an incident that happened in Okigwe, Imo State, yesterday which led to the suspected abduction of yet to be determined number of students of the Abia State University, Uturu (ABSU), who apparently ran into a yet to be identified gang of hoodlums operating along the Okigwe-Uturu Road. “Preliminary information available to us indicates that the students were moving in a mini van from Okigwe to Uturu between 7pm – 8pm when they ran into the armed gang who marched them into the nearby forest along with other yet to be identified travelers. Two of the students managed to escape from the hoodlums while others are still being held at a yet to be identified location. “We are working with the government of Imo State and relevant security agencies in both states to ensure the rescue of the abducted students and others. “Members of the public and ABSU community are advised to remain calm as we will spare no resource in ensuring the safety of the victims. “No criminal operating within our environment will be allowed to escape justice as we take the job of protecting lives and property of Abians and visitors to the State very seriously.”   Source •Imo State Governor Hope Uzodinma OWERRI - Soldiers guarding Imo State Government House took to their heels after shooting to death late Sunday night an undergraduate of the Imo State University, Divine Nwaneri and wounding the driver of the vehicle in which she rode with her friends, in what eyewitnesses… In "News" Uturu (Abia)  -  Prof. Uche Ikonne, Vice Chancellor, Abia State University, Uturu, has urged cultists in the institution to renounce their membership and embrace God during the forth-coming re-dedication of the university. Ikonne, who made the request on Tuesday during a pre-convocation press conference at the University, also urged the… In "News" It was a bloody day on Wednesday as gunmen went on the rampage in various parts of the country. They killed two policemen in an attack on the Adani divisional headquarters in Enugu State. In Kaduna State, bandits killed a worker and abducted a yet-to-be specified number of students from… In "News"