The Kidnapped Adamawa female Journalist, Mrs Amra Isa-Mbamba, has regained her freedom.  Ahmed Isa-Mbamba, husband of the victim, confirmed the development to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), on Wednesday in Yola.  NAN reports that Amra was kidnapped on May 4, in her home at Mbamba Ward, in Yola South Local Government Area. Isa-Mbamba said that ransom was paid before his was wife was released, but did not disclose the amount. “Amra regained her freedom on Tuesday, May 11, at about 10 p.m. and reunited with her family. “She returned safely and an undisclosed amount was paid before her release,’’ the victim’s husband said. He thanked security operatives, relatives and colleagues for their efforts in setting his wife free. NAN reports that Amra was forcefully taken away leaving behind very young children, including a six-month old baby. Speaking to NAN, the young mother said she was grateful to God and happy to reunite with her family and friends. DSP Sulaiman Nguroje, the Police Public Relation Officer (PPRO), in the state, also confirmed Isa-Mbamba’s release, adding that the police were trailing her Kidnappers.  (NAN) Wife of The Sun Newspaper’s correspondent in Calabar, Mr. Judex Okoro, who was kidnapped on Tuesday night, has regained her freedom. Mrs. Uduak Okoro, who had been kidnapped two times in the last three years, was released at about 11 pm on Thursday after spending three days in captivity. Her… In "News" Hassana, the kidnapped wife of the late former Speaker of Edo State House of Assembly, Zakawanu Garuba, has been freed, The PUNCH reports. Hassana was abducted along the Lokoja-Abuja highway on her way to the burial of her late husband who died on Saturday. But she was said to have‎… In "Politics" Emmanuel Agbale, Edo State's Commissioner for Science and Technology who was kidnapped last week has regained his freedom. Publicity Secretary of Benin branch of the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA), Douglas Ogbankwa confirmed the development. He told The Nation; “Barr. Emmanuel Agbale has been released. I spoke with his wife, Mrs.… In "Politics"