ABUJA –  The Chief Provost of Nigerian Immigration Service, Imo State Command, Okiemute Mrere, has been assassinated. According to Punch, Mrere was murdered on Saturday night on Owerri- Port Harcourt Road in Owerri, the State Capital. A senior officer of NIS confirmed that the slain officer’s corpse was discovered in a bush on Sunday morning. Mrere was riding a Hilux van belonging to NIS when he was allegedly waylaid, shot and killed. The source, who spoke with Punch, said the assailants did not take the victim’s service pistol as it was found on him when his corpse was discovered, the next day. It was, however, gathered that the official Hilux van that he was driving when he was attacked was riddled with bullet holes. The source said, “The chief provost of Nigerian Immigration Service, Imo State Command, Okiemute Mrere, has been assassinated. He was killed on Saturday night. He was riding in his official Hilux van when he was attacked, shot and killed. “His corpse was discovered the next day which was on Sunday morning. Nothing was taken from him, not even his service pistol. His vehicle was riddled in bullets holes. The command is quiet. There is panic as officers are dumbfounded by this tragic development.” The state Commissioner of Police, Abutu Yaro, reportedly said, “I do not have the brief.” The Obowo Divisional Police Headquarters, located at Umulowe autonomous community area of Imo State was on Friday attacked by gunmen. Two policemen who were on duty were killed in the attack. The hoodlums also injured three other cops who resisted them from gaining access into the headquarters. The PUNCH reports… In "News" Police in Imo state are yet to unravel how seven suya sellers in the state were killed in a matter of two days. The incident has caused serious panic in the stte. The seven suya sellers according to Punch were murdered on Friday and Saturday. PUNCH Metro learnt that the… In "Features" In five years, Mama Comfort Mmezi of Amucha Community in Njaba Local Government Area of Imo State has lost two sons to men of the Nigeria Police Force. The grieving octogenarian is demanding justice from the police hierarchy, writes DAMIAN DURUIHEOMA AN 86-year-old widow and mother of 41-year-old real estate… In "News"