A former Minister of Education, Oby Ezekwesili has reacted to the death of Pastor Enoch Adeboye’s son, Dare.  Adeboye is the General-Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God, RCCG.  Pastor Dare died in his sleep on Wednesday night at his home in Eket, Akwa Ibom State. He was a Youth Provincial Pastor and was described as a miracle child by his father. The deceased had ministered the previous day and never complained of any ailment was 42-years old and married with two kids. Ezekwesili took to Twitter to ask God to comfort the man of God. She wrote: “This cuts hard, Pastor @DareAdeboye . We find comfort in the word of God. “Good people pass away; the godly often die before their time. But no one seems to care or wonder why. “No one seems to understand that God is protecting them from the evil to come.” Also, a former vice president, Atiku Abubakar on his Twitter page prayed for comfort to the Adeboye’s family. His tweet read, “My thoughts and prayers are with the family of @PastorEAAdeboye in this trying time. I pray that God will comfort and strengthen him and his family by His mercies and grace.”  Source •Late Dare Adeboye A report said to have been verified by an online news medium, TheNewsGuru.com, TNG, has reported that the General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God, Pastor Enoch Adeboye, has lost one of his biological children, Dare, to the cold hands of death. According to the… In "Top Stories" According to The PUNCH, Pastor Dare Adeboye, the son of Enoch Adeboye, the General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God Worldwide, is dead. It was gathered that the 42-year-old, who is the third son of the revered cleric, died in his sleep on Wednesday in Eket, Akwa Ibom… In "News" Folu Adeboye, wife of the General Overseer of Redeemed Christian Church of God, RCCG, Pastor Enoch Adeboye has spoken to mothers about how they should train their children and the need for them to learn how to cook. Recall that a few days ago, Twitter users dragged Pastor Adeboye online… In "News"