By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –   Bandits have reportedly abandoned their victims when sighted the Nigeria Military fighter jet and scampered into the forest for fear of aerial attack. The Military fighter jet which was tracking the bandits from air saw how kidnapped victims mostly women were being railroaded into the forest, but the jet having fired a warning shots disorganised bandits who ran into the forest for their dear lives. Having been abandoned, troops of the Nigerian Air Force have rescued scores of victims at Igabi Local Government Area of Kaduna State. Reacting through a statement on Sunday, Kaduna State Commissioner for Internal Security and Home Affairs, Samuel Aruwan, explained that the bandits invaded Najaja and Kerawa villages in the Igabi Local Government Area and abducted several people, mostly women. He confirmed in the statement that bandits were escaping with their victims, before the Nigerian Air Force fighter jet on aerial patrol spotted their location and was able to rescue the kidnap victims. The armed bandits, according to the Commissioner, were moving with the large number of women kidnapped from Ungwan Najaja when the air platforms traced them to the outskirts of the village. On sighting the jet and conscious of air interdictions following warning shots, the bandits scampered into the forest and abandoned the women. The bandits had earlier injured one Hamza Ibrahim while moving out of the village with the kidnapped many of whom were housewives. By Sumaila Ogbaje Abuja - The Military says the Air Component of Operation Hadarin Daji has neutralised some notable leaders and several members of the criminal group in air strikes in the Zamfara State section of the Kagara Forest. The Coordinator, Defence Media Operations, Maj.-Gen. John Enenche, disclosed this in… In "News" A notorious bandit leader has finally met his death in the hands of Nigerian troops. Rufai Maikaji, a deadly bandit commander has been confirmed dead by the Kaduna State Government. A statement on Thursday by the state Commissioner for Internal Security and Home Affairs, Samuel Aruwan, said Mr Maikaji and… In "News" Nigerian Air Force jets attached to Operation Thunder Strike have reportedly neutralized several Ansaru terrorists and bandits at their camp in the Kuduru Forest area of Kaduna State. This was achieved during the airstrikes carried out on Thursday on the heels of intelligence reports indicating the convergence of bandits linked… In "News"