Former Presidential aide and author, Reno Omokri has asked President Buhari to consider an Igbo military officer to replace the former Chief of Army Staff. Lt. Gen. Ibrahim Attahiru, who lost his life in the tragic air crash last Friday, May 21.  According to Reno, this move will help cease the fight of secessionists. He Wrote; ”The best way to fight the rise of secessionists in the Southeast is not with guns, bullets and helicopter gunships. Give them development. Stop your nepotism. Be fair and balanced in your appointments. Consider an Igbo man to replace General Attahiru. Abandon the 97% versus 5% mentality. Lose your Igbophobia. Visit each Igbo state (Buhari has not visited Igboland since the 2019 election). Make Igbo monarchs pro-chancellors of federal universities in Northern Nigeria. Genuinely pursue an extra state for the Southeast in the Constitutional Reform process, so they are equal with other geopolitical zones. Encourage a major political party to consider an Igbo Presidential candidate. Embrace Igbos and Igbos will embrace Nigeria”   Source The exit of Nigeria’s former service chiefs relieved of their duty today by President Muhammadu Buhari has elicited reactions on social media. While many hailed the move by the president, others expressed pessimism that the new chiefs would do little in the fight against insurgency and general insecurity in the… In "News" The absence of President Muhammadu Buhari and his Vice Yemi Osinbajo at the funeral ceremony of Late Chief of Army Staff, Lt. Gen. Ibrahim Attahiru, has drawn the ire of Nigerians. Many Nigerians, who condemned the action, described it as ‘lack of empathy.’ Others criticised some Governors, Ministers and lawmakers… In "Features" President Muhammadu Buhari has been called upon to appoint an Igbo man as his next Inspector-General of Police. The call was made by Ohanaeze Ndigbo General Assembly Worldwide, OGA. The group was reacting to the president’s appointment of new service chiefs – Lucky Irabor, chief of defence staff; Ibrahim Attahiru,… In "News"