ENUGU – Security operatives on Sunday raided a church on Owerri Road, Enugu State, and marched suspected members of the Indigenous People of Biafra away. In a video, security operatives, especially policemen, held guns while members of the church marched out one after the other. The church members were seen raising their hands and searched as they were being led away by gun-wielding security operatives. “The Nigeria police and military have just stormed a church on Owerri Road, Enugu State, molesting over 50 men, both old and young while matching them to an unknown destination. “We are bringing this to the attention of the world. The lives of these men should not be wasted for no crime committed. They were only at a place of worship today being Sunday the 30th of May 2021 and no arms were found with them,” a source told newsmen. However, the police said 54 persons were brought to Headquarters for questioning for “gathering unlawfully” at Owerri Road, Ogui, Enugu. Without making reference to the incident in the church, the Police Public Relations Officer, Daniel Ndukwe, in the statement, said, “54 persons were seen to be unlawfully gathered at Owerri Road, Ogui, Enugu, and brought to Headquarters for questioning. After nothing incriminating was found on them, the Commissioner of Police, CP Mohammed Ndatsu Aliyu, psc, addressed and cautioned them to go home and maintain peace. They all left happily, please.” IPOB had issued a sit-at-home order in the southeast on May 31 to commemorate the death of many people during the civil war that ended about 51 years ago. But the police Command had urged residents to “remain law-abiding and vigilant as they go about their legitimate businesses while ignoring the sit-at-home order issued by the proscribed IPOB. It appealed to the people to report criminal elements and persons found fomenting trouble to the nearest police station. (The PUNCH) ABUJA - A Week after the slaying of pro-Biafra demonstrators in Onitsha, details of how the mass killing was coordinated by security forces have emerged. PREMIUM TIMES has obtained an insider account by a whistleblower, who is an operative of the State Security Service. The same whistleblower had reached out… In "News" More than 20 operatives from Imo State Police Command on Friday clashed with members of Independent People of Biafra (IPOB) and Movement for the Actualisation of Sovereign State of Biafra(MASSOB) at Orji in Owerri North Council Area of the state. The incident, which took place in the morning hours at… In "News" Several persons were feared killed on Sunday morning, following a bloody clash at Emene, Enugu involving members of the Indigenous Peoples of Biafra (IPOB) and security agents. A witness said trouble started at about 7.00am when some police personnel stormed an IPOB gathering at Community Secondary School Emene and attempted… In "News"