…as troops find Honda car ,another vehicle empty Abuja  –   Mr.Samuel Aruwan ,the Commissioner, Ministry of Internal Security and Home Affairs in Kaduna State,has said that security agencies in the state have not confirmed kidnapping of scores on Kaduna-Abuja road to the state government as was reported in some quarters. In a statement he issued on Friday night,the commissioner said the security agencies manning the Kaduna-Abuja road were yet to confirm the kidnapping of scores of citizens as reported by a social media enthusiast. According to him, ” the Government of Kaduna State known for publicizing security developments will certainly make public feedback received by the military and police as soon as the agencies revert. ” He explained that at around 3:30pm, the Security Operations Room, a 24-hour hub, started receiving distress calls of a blockage around Kurmin Kare area of Kaduna-Abuja Road and immediately, contact was established with the Commanding Officer of Operation Thunder Strike (OPTS), a Defence Headquarters outfit, and Operation Puff Adder of the Nigeria Police for immediate counter action. “The troops and the police operatives swiftly moved to the general area, saw motorists stranded on both lanes, and subsequently cleared the road. The personnel after clearing the accumulated traffic saw one Honda car with Reg. No. RBC 864BL recovered with broken rear windscreen and another vehicle found empty with some luggage. From preliminary findings, the occupant or occupants may have been unaccounted for. ” “Furthermore, beside the Honda vehicle, the following five citizens hidden in the forest appeared with their driver who confirmed they were complete having escaped in the commotion: RIFKATU YOHANNA ,RUKAYYA UMAR ,HAUWA JIBRIN ,JULIANA JOHN ,YAHAYA ALIYU and BABANGIDA LAWAN ‘M’ (DRIVER).” “As of this moment (9:40pm), the status of the occupant(s) of the Honda cannot be substantiated, and the veracity of the report that scores were kidnapped cannot be confirmed. The public will be briefed as soon as Government of Kaduna State receives operational feedback,” he said. Gunmen have killed three persons in separate attacks in Kaduna. They killed a driver and caused accidents, which left many injured on Monday night. The bandits were however repelled by security operatives from kidnapping any of the travellers. But they regrouped around 2:00am on Tuesday and descended on Maigiginya community… In "News" The Kaduna State Government has said only five persons were kidnapped during Sunday’s attack on commuters along Abuja-Kaduna highway. Commissioner, Internal Security and Home Affairs, Mr Samuel Aruwan, made the disclosure in a statement on Monday in Kaduna. Aruwan said the figure was disclosed to government officials by relations of… In "News" By Joseph EdehAbuja,. -. The Police on Sunday said they had killed the suspected mastermind of the kidnap of the Board Chairman, Universal Basic Education Commission ( UBEC )and his daughter. Muhammed Mahmood and his daughter were kidnapped on April 29 around Katari Village, along the Kaduna-Abuja Highway and later… In "Metro"