The Oyo State Independent Electoral Commission (OYSIEC) has presented Certificates of Return to the 32 newly elected chairmen of the local government council areas in the state.  The presentation was held on Monday at the OYSIEC headquarters in Ibadan. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that 32 chairmen were elected during the local government election held on Saturday, May 22, across the state. Mr Isiaka Olagunju (SAN), the OYSIEC Chairman, charged the new chairmen not to disappoint the people who elected them to oversee the affairs of their respective local government council areas. He charged them to be dutiful and also ensure they fulfilled the promises made during their electioneering. “They campaigned vigorously in every nook and cranny of their local government areas, and have now emerged chairmen. They should see themselves as the servants of the people. “I told them that now that they had been elected, they should not make themselves inaccessible to the people who voted them. “They must try as much as possible to remember their promises and fulfill them, “he said.  (NAN) By Ibrahim Bello Birnin Kebbi - The Kebbi State Independent Electoral Commission (KESIEC) has issued certificates of return to elected local government chairmen and councilors in the state. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the election, which was conducted on Oct. 26, was rejected by both the ruling All… In "News" By David Adeoye Ibadan - Gov. Seyi Makinde of Oyo State has directed caretaker chairmen across the 33 Local Government Areas and the 35 Local Council Development Areas to set up security committees to tackle insecurity. Makinde gave the directive at a meeting with the caretaker chairmen in Ibadan. He… In "Politics" By John Amieyeofori Port Harcourt -  Gov. Nyesom Wike of Rivers has charged the 23 newly elected council chairmen to prudently utilize council funds to pay workers’ salaries and fight insecurity in their areas. Wike gave the charge on Monday in Port Harcourt while swearing in the chairmen who emerged… In "Politics"