The youths are currently on a protest in parts of Akwa Ibom State.  Reports reaching News Express say the area completely taken over by the protesting youths is the major road linking Ikono in Uyo Local Government Area, and Abak. According to our source, the governor, Udom Emmanuel, has built a new flyover at a junction on the road at a point known as Ekom Iman. During the construction of the flyover, there was vehicular diversion to another road leading to Abak and other local government areas in that axis. The said road thus became unmotorable due to heavy vehicular movements and all pleas to the governor by the affected communities to fix the road fell on deaf ears. According to our source, the new flyover is scheduled to be commissioned on May 29, and the deplorable condition of the road caused by the construction of the flyover remains. “The youths of Ikono and Abak have come together this morning (Wednesday) to stage a protest. How can the governor destroy our only major road linking many local governments in the state and now wants to commission the flyover without fixing our roads as he met them? We are going to occupy the entire roads and wait for (governor) Udom to come and meet us here,” said one of the protesters. Efforts to reach the state Commissioner for Information proved abortive as his line was not available as at press time.   NewsExpress UYO (Sundiata Post) - The  Udom/Moses2015 Campaign Organisation in Essien Udim and Abak became a carnival of sorts as the team arrived at the venues to a spontaneous outburst of uncontrollable joy, celebration and an infectious sense of solidarity and camaraderie on Monday.‎ Udom Emmanuel is the governorship candidate of… In "News" By Aderemi Bamgbose Ore (Ondo State) - Lawmakers in Ondo State, on Thursday, commended Gov. Oluwarotimi Akeredolu for the on-going road construction across the state, saying it would  ease traffic flow and boost socio-economic activities. Mr Adeyemi Olayemi, the Chairman, Ondo State House of Assembly Committee on Works and Infrastructure,… In "News" The immediate past Commissioner for Works said such fetish actions would not scare Akwa Ibom State Government or deter its resolve to develop the state. Some residents of Akwa Ibom State have resorted to fastening fetish traditional charms called Ayei, on their property marked for demolition to prevent government officials… In "News"