By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The federal government said it deeply share the anguish of the parents of the abducted Greenfield University students, stressing that it’s working to support the Kaduna State Government to bring this tragic saga to an end with no further loss of innocent life. Recalls that the parents of the abducted students had during a protest yesterday in Abuja, called on the National Assembly to do everything humanly possible to fastrack the release of their children. The Presidency which gave the assurance via it’s twitter handle, promised to ensure that good triumphs over evil, and that all of the bandits and criminals terrorizing innocent lives and communities are brought to book. The Presidency therefore urged all Nigerians to unite, regardless of religion, ethnicity or partisan affiliation—against this common, dastardly enemy. Sundiata Post recalls that the federal government on Tuesday (yesterday) through the Minister of Information, Alhaji Lai Mohammed said that the prosecution of bandits is not the responsibility of the federal government because it is not a federal offence. The Minister stated this at a press conference in Abuja while responding to statement credited to the opposition Peoples Democratic Party on the security challenges facing the country. The PDP alleged that kidnappers and bandits are emboldened because they are not being brought to justice and that accounts for why they have spread from north east to other parts of the country. The tweets read: By Victor Oso More Nigerians have urged the Muhammadu Buhari-led Federal Government to find concrete solution to the unending state of kidnapping and banditry ravaging the country. They expressed sadness and grief over the mindless killing of three of the abducted students of Greenfield University, Kaduna.Gunmen had Tuesday night kidnapped… In "Social Media Feeds" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The National Preside­nt of the National Association of Nigeri­an Students (NAN), has condemned the abd­uction of 105 female students of Governm­ent Science Technical School, Dapchi, Yo­be State, describing the victims as scap­egoats. The organisation whi­ch specifically thre­atened to resist eve­ry attempt to make students scapegoats, however… In "News" The spate of insecurity in the country assumed a more dangerous dimension on Monday as Boko Haram insurgents made inroads into Niger State and gunmen killed two students of Greenfield University in Kaduna state. Also on Monday, the Vice-Chancellor of the Federal University of Agriculture, Makurdi, Benue State, Professor Richard… In "News"