In a bid to curb the ravaging COVID-19 pandemic, Malam Muhammad Bello, the Minister of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), has banned eid gatherings at the National Eid prayer ground along the Umaru Musa Yar’Adua Expressway.  The decision which was reached at a meeting of the FCTA and a delegation from the FCT League of Imams Initiative, was conveyed in a statement released by the Minister’s Chief Press Secretary, Mr. Anthony Ogunleye. Ogunleye said the delegation led by its Chairman, Imam (Dr) Tajudeen M.B Adigun met Bello to discuss the modalities for holding eid prayers for the upcoming Eid el-Fitr celebrations. The Statement Read; “All worshippers are enjoined to hold eid prayers outdoors within the premises of their neighborhood Juma’at mosques. Indoor worship are to be limited to less than 50% of installed capacity. “Religious authorities are advised to regulate the flow of people entering and exiting places of worship. All non-pharmaceutical intervention protocols of facial coverings, physical distancing and hand washing are to be observed “All other eid celebrations and activities should be confined to homes as all public parks, recreation and entertainment centres are to be closed. “Consequently, based on presentations made by officials of the Health and Human Services Secretariat of the FCTA and the Implementation Guidelines for Phased Restriction of Movement issued by the Presidential Steering Committee on COVID-19 on Monday. 10th May 2021, we came up with the guidelines.”  Source The Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) has announced guidelines for the operation worship centres within the federal capital territory. The opening, which was directed by the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19, was part of second phase of re-opening of the lockdown imposed to curb the spread of coronavirus disease. In… In "Top Stories" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Thousands of Christian and Muslim worshippers in the ancient city of Kano on Sunday trooped out to their various churches and Eid prayer ground to pray for end of COVID-19. While Muslims from as early as 7 am trooped to their various Eid prayer ground across… In "Top Stories" Sheikh Jamiu Bello-Kewulere, Grand Imam of Ekiti and President-General, League of Imam and Alfas in South-West Edo and Delta. By Yinusa Ishola Ado-Ekiti - Sheikh Jamiu Bello-Kewulere, the Grand Imam of Ekiti has directed Muslims in the state to observe the coming 2020 Eid-el-Kabir congregational prayer in their respective homes.… In "News"