A passenger gave birth to a baby boy mid-flight.  Lavinia “Lavi” Mounga was flying from Salt Lake City to Honolulu on April 28 for a vacation when she gave birth to her son, Raymond.  He was born early at just 29 weeks gestation. Luckily, a doctor from Hawaii and three neonatal intensive care unit nurses from North Kansas City Hospital were also on board the almost seven-hour Delta flight to help Mounga deliver her baby. “We were about halfway through the flight, and we heard someone call out for medical help,” North Kansas City Hospital NICU Nurse Lani Bamfield said in a release. “I went to see what was going on and see her there holding a baby in her hands, and it’s little.” Bamfield and the other neonatal nurses cared for Mounga and Raymond for three hours until the flight landed in Honolulu. They were then transported to Kapiolani Medical Center for Women & Children in Honolulu. Hawaii Pacific Health family medicine physician Dr. Dale Glenn, who was on board the flight, said in a statement: “I don’t know how a patient gets so lucky as to have three neonatal intensive care nurses onboard the same flight when she is in emergency labor, but that was the situation we were in. “The great thing about this was the teamwork. Everybody jumped in together, and everyone helped out.” He described how challenging it was to care for both patients in such a small confined space like an airplane. They also had to improvise on tools, using shoelaces to tie and cut the umbilical cord and an Apple Watch to monitor the baby’s heart rate. Glenn and the team of nurses visited Mounga and Raymond at the hospital two days after the surprise birth. “We all just teared up,” North Kansas City Hospital NICU Nurse Mimi Ho said in the hospital release. “She called us family and said we’re all his aunties, and it was so great to see them.” Mounga has since been discharged, but Raymond will remain in the NICU until he’s ready to go home, according to Hawaii Pacific Health.  Source Onitsha, Upper Iweka, to be precise in Anambra State, has over the years been notorious for all forms of atrocities and nefarious activities. It’s a place where the good, the bad and the ugly congregate, twenty four hours a day. Despite several efforts by successive governments, including the current administration,… In "News" By Masara Kim JOS - A Central Nigerian college student, Mrs. Leritshimwa Diyal who reportedly gave birth in kidnappers’ den last two weeks is currently being investigated for ‘stealing’ a baby. See https://sundiatapost.com/2019/06/12/commotion-as-3-day-old-baby-gets-stolen-from-hospital-in-plateau/ The Plateau College of Health Zawang, Jos student is thought to have framed her kidnap to escape… In "Top Stories" File photo Liberian nurse Sedia Marwolo was 32 weeks pregnant when medics arrived at her home and hauled her away to a special coronavirus hospital, which she likened to “hell”.  It was the beginning of a 15-day ordeal during which the 38-year-old cried almost daily and was crippled with fear… In "Health"