By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – President Muhammadu Buhari will Sunday (tomorrow) depart Abuja for Paris, France on a four-day official visit, the Presidency has announced. The Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu who disclosed this in a statement released via his twitter handle late Saturday said President Buhari will during the visit, attend African Finance Summit which will be focused on reviewing African economy following shocks from Coronavirus pandemic, and getting relief, especially from increased debt burden on countries. “The summit, to be hosted by President Emmanuel Macron, will draw major stakeholders in the global finance institutions and some Heads of Government, who will, collectively, discuss external funding and debt treatment for Africa, and private sector reforms” he said. The statement reads in part: President Muhammadu Buhari will on Sunday, May 16, 2021, depart Abuja for Paris, France, on a four-day official visit to attend African Finance Summit which will be focused on reviewing African economy following shocks from Coronavirus pandemic, and getting relief, especially from increased debt burden on countries. During the visit, President Buhari will meet with the French President to discuss growing security threats in Sahel and Lake Chad region, political relations, economic ties, climate change and partnership in buoying the health sector, particularly in checking spread of Covid-19, with more research and vaccines. Before returning to Nigeria, President Buhari will receive some key players in the oil and gas sector, engineering and telecommunications, European Council and European Union Representative for Foreign and Security Policy and Commission, and members of the Nigerian community. The President will be accompanied by Minister of Foreign Affairs, Geoffrey Onyeama, Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Zainab Shamsuna Ahmed, Minister of Trade and Investment, Otunba Adeniyi Adebayo, and Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire. Also on the trip are: National Security Adviser, Maj. Gen. Babagana Mohammed Monguno (rtd) and Director General of National Intelligence Agency (NIA), Amb. Ahmed Rufai Abubakar By Ismaila Chafe   Abuja    -        President Muhammadu Buhari will depart Abuja on Friday for Paris, France, to participate in the first edition of the Paris Peace Forum which opens on Sunday and ends on Tuesday. Mr Femi Adesina, the Special Adviser to the President on… In "News" By Ismaila Chafe   Abuja -   President Muhammadu Buhari will on Friday depart for Beijing, China, to participate in the 7th Summit of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation (FOCAC) scheduled to hold between Sept. 3  and 4. Malam Garba Shehu, the Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, made… In "Top Stories" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, will depart Abuja later today (Sunday evening) to represent President Muhammadu Buhari at a peace mediation summit on Monday in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia on the situation in South Sudan. A statement sent to Sundiata Post by Laolu Akande, Senior Special Assistant to… In "News"