A former president of Seat of Wisdom Curia Catholic Church Legion of Mary, Port Harcourt and Director of Dez Mayorz media, Okoye Chidiebele Stephens, has warned the founder of Mountain of Holy Ghost Intervention and Deliverance Ministry, Chukwuemeka Ohanaemere aka Odumeje, to stop copying and impersonating Catholic Church priest in the Blessed Sacrament as that’s tantamount to playing with fire that may consume and fade him off completely.  The Catholic faithful gave the warning in reaction to the viral video of pastor Odumeje impersonating and falsely coping Catholic priest in lifting of the Blessed Sacrament. Okoye admonished Odumeje to desist from Church’s Sacraments and sacramentals and apologise to the church. His statements read below. This is to tell the Mountain of Holy Ghost Intervention And Deliverance Ministry, Pastor Chukwuemeka Ohanaemere aka Odumeje, to completely stay away from mimicking and impersonating Catholic priests in the Blessed Sacrament (monstrance), because the Catholic Church Blessed Sacrament of the Holy Eucharist is not for entertainment and never for people who are not a priest. Allocation Of Portfolios To MinistersNo one is stopping you or against you from exercising your Christian faith in any manner you like it. But impersonating a catholic priest is what I consider fraudulent, impersonating and fake. What exactly are you trying to characterize? You are someone who loves shows and entertainment or good entertaining clown but faking Catholic priest with a Blessed Sacrament is a joke taken too far and should not be tolerated. I am not speaking for the Church (Catholic Church), but as a former Curia President of Legion of Mary that I am in Catholic Church, am not to judge you but to admonish you to stop playing with fire that may consume you. In case you don’t know. Holy Eucharist is the centre and power of the Catholic Church worship. The Most Blessed Sacrament is a devotional name to refer to the body and blood of Christ in the form of consecrated sacramental bread and wine at a celebration of the Eucharist. Only an ordained Catholic minister (priest/deacon) may impart Benediction with the Blessed Sacrament, any other thing is fake and impersonating. Odumeje, stop it now and apologise to the Church. You could also be sued you for blasphemy and fraud. Wearing Catholic priest regalia in the blessed Sacrament to deceive the gullible to think you are a Catholic priest when you are not is a joke taken too far. I still urge the Association of Catholic Lawyers to seriously look into this pastor Odumeje’s impersonation of a Catholic priest and file a fraud suit against him to avoid future occurrence. Many may see it as normal entertaining nature of Odumeje because we like to play to the gallery, never sincere to ourselves, and because we play too much, some people will think is normal, but try it with other religion and see. The Catholic Church is the universal church for all and welcomes everyone to the church, even the Catholic Church in the east had invited Odumeje to one of their programs and he came and added colours to the program. But when it comes to the Blessed Sacrament of the Catholic Church, it’s no go area for jokes, entertainment nor fake liking. The Blessed Sacrament is so powerful and is not for public entertainment, so Odumeje, be warned and stay away from Catholic Church sacraments and sacramentals because it can fade you off completely. Get your friends informed also, Share!FacebookWhatsAppTwitterTelegramMore  Prophet Chukwuemeka Odumeje is unarguably one of the most talked about spiritual figures in Nigeria. His exotic approach to conducting miracle sessions has been the subject of huge debate that has led many to doubt his genuineness as a true man of God. However, Prophet Chukwuemeka Odumeje who used to… In "Metro" Popular controversial cleric, Prophet Chukwuemeka Ohanaemere, better known as Odumeje ‘The Lion’, the founder of Mountain of Holy Ghost Intervention and Deliverance Ministry, has signed a management deal with Liquid Metal Management. According to reports, Liquid Metal Management is a media and Communications (Brand Development & Management) team in media/communication,… In "News" The current sensation in the Southeast is Prophet Chukwuemeka Ohanemere popularly known as Odumeje. The President and founder of Mountain of Holy Ghost Intervention Ministry Worldwide (a.k.a Land of Freedom), has practically turned religion to a social enterprise with large dose of entertainment. The controversial Onitsha-based cleric recently set the… In "News"