Governor Ben Ayade has opened up on why he appointed thousands of political aides. According to the former Peoples Democratic Party governor who recently defected to the All Progressives Congress, he appointed 38,000 political aides to reduce poverty. Ayade in the interview on Arise TV, said the aim of the appointment was to give him the “emotional and social temperature to take advantage of his business connection to bring value to Cross River state”. He said; “In politics talk is cheap. I have history. I know clearly that poverty is extreme and I decided to bring 38,000 young people into the dining table to allow me the emotional and social temperature to take advantage of my business connection to bring value to Cross River state,. “These people are bringing values. I have several projects ongoing. All of these need people to manage. Besides let’s deal with it, if you look at the principles, section 14 of our constitution: the primary purpose of government is the welfare and security for the people. Of what use would it be to build a super highway or a deep sea port when 4.5 million people are dying out of hunger. It’s better to put food on a table than to put food on concrete. These 38,000 people have not only brought value, they’ve reduced poverty.” On his defection to the APC, the Cross River state Governor said the move became necessary because his state is “challenged”. Ayade said; “Cross River state is challenged. We’ve lost oil wells; we’ve lost our territory. We seem to come from a minority section. We can’t also afford extreme opposition and I’ve always believed that moderation is the rule.”  Source Cross River State Governor, Ben Ayade, has appointed 19-year-old Louis Okon as his Personal Assistant on Technical (Data Management) Affairs, making him the youngest political appointee in Nigeria. Okon was amongst the additional 427 aides appointed by Governor Ayade in Calabar on Monday. Those appointed include chairmen and members of… In "Politics" The Governor of Cross River State, Ben Ayade, has urged the people of Cross River State to take responsibility by protecting themselves from contracting coronavirus as the Federal Government reopens state borders across the country. He gave the advice while celebrating the COVID-19 free status of the state along with… In "News" By George Odok Yala - Gov. Ben Ayade of Cross River has said that his performance in the last three years stands out as a stregth in his bid for reelection in March. He also said that the principle of rotation of governorship among the senatorial zones of the state… In "News"