Nnamdi Kanu, the Leader of Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB has debunked the claim by the Lagos State police that his group and another Yoruba Nation group is planning to attack the state. Commissioner of Police, Lagos State, Hakeem Odumosu, earlier today (Monday), said that the threat of Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, a Biafran separatist organisation in Nigeria to attack soft targets in Lagos and agitators for the Oodua Republic by some Yoruba separatist groups and the threats to disrupt law and order in the state are being put on the radar of the command intelligence gathering and other security services in the state and being closely monitored. Responding to this assertion by CP, Odumosu, Mr. Kanu said that the allegation is a lie. Writing via his twitter account, the Director of Radio Biafra said: “The public is hereby notified that the allegations that IPOB is plotting to attack Lagos is a LIE.” He disclosed that; “Lagos State CP, Hakeem Odumosu who made the allegation is a former CSO to Tinubu & their intention is to fuel division between Yorubas & Biafrans. It won’t work. ”This is not 1967!” he concluded. The Lagos State Commissioner of Police, CP Hakeem Odumosu, has said that the state Police Command is investigating the separatist group, Oodua Republic, and also the threat by the Indigenous People of Biafra to attack soft targets in the state. Odumosu made this known during a security summit chaired by… In "News" By Ogechi Okorie Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Lagos State Commissioner of Police, Hakeem Odumosu, has alerted Lagosians of an impending plot of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) to attack soft targets in the state. Odumosu, who delivered a paper on ‘Appraisal of Security Situation in Lagos State’, at… In "Top Stories" Leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) Mazi Nnamdi Kanu has warned members of the group against attacks on Yorubas. Kanu issued the warning during his live broadcast on Sunday. In a statement by the Head of Directorate of State of IPOB, Mazi Chika Edoziem, Kanu said the time… In "News"