OWERRI – Governor Hope Uzodinma of Imo State says 70 percent of the gunmen who attacked the state is not Igbo. He said over 400 people who caused mayhem in the state have been arrested and charged to court. Gunmen had attacked security facilities in the state, including the police headquarters and the correctional centre in Owerri, the state capital. In a statement by Oguwike Nwachuku, his chief press secretary, Uzodinma said most of the suspects are not persons of the Igbo extraction. “Over 400 of those who carried out the threats on the state in the past have been arrested,” he said. “The good thing is that over 70 percent of them are not Igbo. We will crush anybody that attempts to cause mayhem or attack Imo people again. “Government cannot surrender to blackmailers, hoodlums, and perpetrators of violence.” The governor warned those planning to visit the state with any form of violence to have a rethink as “government is more than ever ready and prepared to keep Imo safe and secured”. Uzodinma called on the people to go about their business without fear of molestation or harassment. “What happened in the past weeks will never repeat itself again,” he said. (The Cable) IMO State Governor, Hope Uzodinma, says aggrieved politicians in the country are sponsoring a “national crisis” in states controlled by the ruling All Progressives Congress in the South-East geo-political zone. Specifically, the governor said APC detractors were determined to bring down the regime of the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari… In "Politics" Founder of the Movement for The Actualization of a Sovereign State of Biafra (MASSOB) and Biafra Independent Movement (BIM), Chief Ralph Uwazuruike, has accused the leader of the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Nnamdi Kanu, of inciting ethnic cleansing in Igboland. He also accused the group of insulting and… In "News" Southeast governors on Sunday said the legal framework for Ebube Agu has been set in motion. They directed attorneys-general of the five states to propose laws to give the outfit a legal teeth. “The attorneys-general and commissioners for Justice of the Southeast states have been directed to work with the… In "News"