 A man, whose identity could not be ascertained as of press time, was on Monday set ablaze at the Nkpor junction in the Idemili North Local Government Area of Anambra State.  It was gathered that the suspect snatched a handkerchief from a victim and bolted away, thinking that it was money. A source said, “The deceased, in company with his gang members, was at the junction robbing passers-by of their valuables. “The deceased stole a handkerchief from a victim’s pocket and took off with his gang members ,thinking it was money “The victim raised the alarm, which attracted sympathisers, who immediately mobilised and pursued them. “One of them was apprehended, while the others escaped. The apprehended robber was beaten to a pulp and asked to identify or disclose the whereabouts of his fleeing accomplices, but he refused and was set ablaze.” The state Police Public Relations Officer, Ikenga Tochukwu, confirmed the incident. He said the body of the deceased had been recovered, while investigation had commenced. The PPRO said, “Around 11am, there was a mob action on a suspected thief that resulted in the setting ablaze of the suspect at the Nkpor roundabout. “Police operatives attached to the Ogidi Division quickly rushed to the scene, recovered the body and cordoned off the area to prevent a breakdown of law and order.”  Source By Peter Okolie Onitsha (Anambra) -  A suspected robber was on Wednesday set ablaze by irate youths in Nkpor, near Onitsha, following alleged robbery attack on a businessman along Owerri-Awka road in the area. An eyewitness told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) that the victim had just finished withdrawing… In "Metro" Zaria  -  The Police on Thursday confirmed the killing of three suspected armed robbers by a mob at Tudun-Saibu village in Soba Local Government Area of Kaduna State. Alhaji Mohammed Shehu, Police Area Commander, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Zaria on Friday, that two other members of… In "Metro" By Stanley Nwanosike Enugu - The Police Command in Enugu State, says it has arrested suspected six suspected gunmen that killed a popular road contractor, “Johnbull’’, in the outskirt of Enugu metropolis. The state’s police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), SP Ebere Amaraizu, who said this in a statement issued in… In "Metro"