The Catholic Diocese of Enugu has finally broken its silence on the controversy surrounding the disappearance of Rev. Fr. Ejike Mbaka.  According to the diocese, followers of Mbaka invaded the Bishop’s Court and the Holy Ghost Cathedral Church destroying valuable properties. The church therefore called for prayers and cleansing. Recall that there was tension in Enugu on Wednesday as Mbaka’s followers poured into the streets after they declared him missing. They marched from the Adoration ground in Emene, Enugu, to the Bishop’s Court at Igboeze Street, Independence Layout Enugu where they destroyed some parts of the building. The protesters did not stop at that, as they also headed for the Holy Ghost Cathedral where several church facilities were vandalized. Mbaka, spiritual director of the Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Nigeria, AMEN, later appeared, addressed his followers and said he would have been kept incommunicado by the Bishop for 30 days but for their protest. The Catholic Church authorities in Enugu have now reacted to the development, calling for a prayer of “Atonement and Reparation” over what they described as desecration of “the holy altar of sacrifice” by the followers of Mbaka. In a statement signed by Bishop Callistus Onaga, the Bishop of Enugu Catholic Diocese, the Church called on all Parishes, Chaplaincies and Religious Houses in the Catholic Diocese of Enugu to embark on the prayer. The statement reads: “On 5 May 2021, the followers of Fr. Camillus Ejike Mbaka of the Adoration Ministry Enugu, Nigeria violently broke into the diocesan cathedral Church and desecrated the holy altar of sacrifice. Over and above this, they brutally vandalized the diocesan bishop’s residence, the cathedral parish house and the secretariat building complex “Therefore, I hereby declare and call for a one week union of prayer in repiration and atonement for this heinous act against our central place of worship and the sanctity of the Church. The prayer begins from Friday, 7th May to Friday, 14th May 2021. Every parish, chaplaincy and religious community in the diocese is obliged to participate in this holy activity. “In addition to the traditional May devotion prayers (like daily benediction), the following prayers are to be offered for this purpose: (a) 5 decades of the Holy Rosary (b) Act of Reparation to the Most Blessed Sacrament (attached to this letter) and (C) Psaims 51 and 23. “I enjoin you to remain sober and keep the diocese in prayer. With divine assistance and grace, we shall overcome this challenging moment. May Our Lady, the Queen of May intercede for us, Amen.”  Source There was drama in Enugu State yesterday following the absence and reappearance of the spiritual director of Adoration Ministry, Rev. Ejike Mbaka. He had been scheduled to attend his usual morning prayer session, but did not show up. It was reportedly announced at the Adoration Ground that Mbaka went to… In "News" •Rev. Fr. Ejike Mbaka The Catholic Diocese of Enugu may have concluded plans to suspend the Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Rev. Fr. Ejike Mbaka, from church activities for one month, News Express reports. It was gathered that Mbaka was asked to proceed on suspension with effect from May… In "Top Stories" The Spiritual Director of the Adoration Ministry Enugu Nigeria, Rev. Fr. Ejike Mbaka, has disclosed that he was held hostage by the authorities of the Enugu Catholic Diocese for the two days he went incommunicado. Mbaka disclosed this when he spoke with his parishioners on Wednesday at the Adoration Ground,… In "News"