The retired major general also stressed on “unity and solidarity among all citizens, Muslims and Christians”, adding that these virtues are imperative “especially at a time when our country is faced with multiple challenges which are surmountable only when we come together as one”.  Significantly, The PUNCH observed that today marked the first time the President and the First Lady were seen together in public or together in photos. The PUNCH had earlier reported that Mrs Buhari left the Presidential Villa, Abuja, for Dubai in September 2020 and stayed there for about six months before she quietly returned to the country in March 2021. The First Lady’s aides claimed she had gone to Dubai for medical treatment but Mrs Buhari, whom many have described as a fearless and outspoken critic of her husband’s government, especially on the matter of security, has been at loggerheads with the President’s aides and close relatives in recent time. Nigeria’s challenges surmountable if citizens unite, says BuhariTinubu to Nigerians: After Ramadan, we must be better than before Buhari observes Eid prayers with other presidential aides in Aso VillaIn 2019, she accused the President’s nephew, Mamman Daura, of hijacking the Presidency, adding that the President’s Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu, had even issued statements on behalf of the President without his knowledge but based on instructions from Daura. In 2020, passions reached a climax when security aides to a relative and Personal Assistant to the President, Tunde Sabiu, fired shots inside the Presidential Villa during an altercation with Aisha’s aides. The PUNCH had also reported that the President sent out birthday wishes to at least over six notable Nigerians in February 2021 but did not wish his wife, who attained the milestone age of 50, a happy birthday on February 17, 2021. The President was also not present at the public presentation of the biography of Mrs Aisha at the Presidential Villa, Abuja, on April 8, 2021. The First Lady had launched a book, titled, ‘Aisha Buhari: Being Different’, which was written by the Senior Special Assistant to the President on Administration and Women Affairs, Dr Hajo Sani. The President, who was in London for medical check-up at the time, did not speak virtually during the launch and his aides didn’t issue any statement recognising the feat by Mrs Buhari, leaving many to wonder if the relationship between the first couple have gone frosty.   Source The First Lady, Mrs Aisha Buhari, has been flown out of the country to Dubai, in the United Arab Emirate. Although the office of the First Lady could not confirm the reason for her trip, there are strong indications that Mrs Buhari may be receiving medical attention in the Arab… In "News" It has been revealed that Nigeria's first lady, Aisha Buhari traveled to Dubai for medical check up. The revelation was made by her aide, Kabiru Dodo. The aide stated that Aisha didn't run away from the country because of rising insecurity. Mr Dodo who is a former All Progressives Congress… In "Politics" The wedding ceremony between President Muhammadu Buhari's daughter, Hanan, and her groom, Mohammed Turad, on Friday had all the trappings of a fairytale nuptials. Apart from the opulence on display, SaharaRepoters reliably gathered that event planners for the wedding were flown in from Dubai, United Arab Emirates, to add colour… In "Politics"