By Abdul Hassan  ABUJA – Citizenship and Leadership Training Centre, Jos, says it has trained 5,000 Civilian Joint Task Force members on skills and leadership values, under UNDP programme.  Managing Director of the centre, Mr Jonah Bawa, disclosed this when he paid a visit to Managing Director, News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), Mr Buki Ponle, on Thursday in Abuja. He said that the civilian JTF, comprising vigilante and other voluntary security groups, were drawn from Yobe and Adamawa states. According to him, the training is a collaborative arrangement with UNDP to enhance skills among JTF members in the area of managing security and leadership conflicts. “We have also trained another set of drug addict group under the UNDP programme,’’ he said. Bawa said that the centre was established in 1951 by the Federal Government to provide invaluable national services through training programmes. “The centre provides training on character development and value orientation, adventure and challenge as well as compassion and service. “It also provides training on social and environmental responsibility, patriotism and nationalism and international consciousness, among others,’’ Bawa added. He lamented that Nigerians had abandoned good national values, which had united them, notwithstanding their social differences. “We need values rejuvenation; we need to hold every Nigerian together; we have to go back to the basis,’’ he said. Bawa sought for cooperation and support of the News Agency of Nigeria in publicizing the activities of the centre. Responding, NAN managing director described the visit as timely and significant. “We need training to offer good leadership to our society; we shall help to let people know the activities of the centre,’’ he said.  (NAN) Jos -The UN on Monday in Jos commenced the training of the first batch of the 500 beneficiaries of UNDP-led Livelihood Support Scheme for Boko Haram victims from Adamawa, Borno and Yobe. UN Resident Coordinator, Dr Dauda Toure, said at the ceremony that it was unfortunate that Boko Haram insurgency… In "Foreign" Abuja - The UN said on Monday in Abuja that it has sponsored 500 victims of Boko Haram violence from three North East states of Adamawa, Borno and Yobe to acquire vocational skills. Mr Matthew Alao, UN Conflict Prevention and Peace Building Analyst, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN)… In "News" Jos - The UN Development Programme (UNDP) on Thursday commenced the training of 500 youths from Yobe, Adamawa and Borno in various skills acquisition in Jos. Dr Takwa Zebulon, the Director, Peace and Development Advisor, UNDP, said this at the opening ceremony of the orientation programme for beneficiaries of the UNDP-led livelihood… In "News"