By VICTOR NWACHUKWU Two unknown gunmen have been killed in a joint operation carried out by the Nigerian Army, Air Force and the Police in Imo. The Commissioner of Police in the state, CP Abutu Yaro, confirmed this to newsmen in Owerri on Thursday. Yaro said that the bandits were killed in a gun battle between the military and the unidentified gunmen at Ikenanzizi in Obowo Local Government Area of the state. He disclosed that two rifles, five motorcycles, a Lexus jeep and one 18 seater bus were recovered from the gunmen. The commissioner further said that the operation was carried out in line with Federal Government’s resolve to rid the country of ravaging insecurity. “It was a joint operation of the Army, Airforce and Police; two unknown gunmen were killed in the process and investigation is ongoing. He, however, said that the team could lay hands on only one corpse as, according to him, the hoodlums were able to escape with the second corpse. “We have one corpse but they escaped with the other one and it has been deposited at the Federal Medical Centre Owerri, morgue,” he said. He called on residents of the state to remain calm and go about their lawful activities adding that security agencies had the situation under “firm” control. (NAN) Abuja - A combined team of security operatives on Thursday night killed at least eight suspected militants of the Independent People of Biafra (IPOB) while repelling an attack on the Orlu Divisional Police headquarters in Imo State. The security operatives also recovered seven vehicles the attackers came in for the… In "Top Stories" Less than 24 hours after gunmen attacked the Imo State Police Command headquarters and the Nigerian Correctional Service at Owerri, the immediate past Inspector General of Police, Muhammed Adamu, on Tuesday, visited the state. During the visit, the ex-IG insisted that members of the Indigenous People of Biafra carried out… In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike says no amount of intimidation will make the state succumb to any secessionist agenda. The governor stated this in a reaction to the overnight attacks on police formations in Rivers State, after presiding over an emergency security meeting on Saturday. In… In "Top Stories"