The Ogun Traffic and Enforcement Corps (TRACE) on Friday, said a motor boy escaped death when a truck plunged into a river at Toll-gate along Lagos-Abeokuta Expressway.  The Sango-Ota Area Commander of TRACE, Mr Adekunle Ajibade, who confirmed the incident to the New Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Ota, Ogun, said the accident happened at about 5.00 a.m. Ajibade said the motor boy was rescued with the assistance of other traffic agencies like the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) and the police. He added that the driver of the truck was coming from the Sango-Ota axis and heading towards the toll-gate when he lost control due to brake failure. “The driver tried to avert mishaps that could have claimed so many lives by plunging into the river. “Thank God the driver came out unhurt while no life was lost also in the accident,” he said. Ajibade added that the motor boy had been rescued after several hours of being trapped in the accident. He said the motor boy had been taken to an undisclosed hospital for intensive treatment. Ajibade advised truck owners to properly service and maintain their vehicles before putting them on the highway to avoid unnecessary loss of lives and property. (NAN) Sango-Ota (Ogun)-The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) said on Sunday that it was collaborating with Ogun Traffic Compliance and Enforcement Corps (TRACE) to reduce gridlocks in Sango-Ota and its environs. The Sango-Ota Unit Commander of the FRSC, Mr Olonisaye Olufemi, disclosed this to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in… In "News" By Ige Adekunle Sango-Ota (Ogun) - The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), Ogun command, on Tuesday, said that one person died in a multiple accident at the former toll gate on the Abeokuta-Lagos expressway. The FRSC Sector Commander in the state, Mr Clement Oladele, told the News Agency of Nigeria… In "Metro" Sango-Ota(Ogun)  -  The Federal Road Safety Commission (FRSC) in Ota, Ogun, said five persons had died and 12 others sustained injuries in two separate accidents at the Toll-Gate, Sango-Ota, on Wednesday. The Unit Commander of the FRSC in the area, Mr Leye Adegboyega, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN)… In "News"