Benue State Governor Samuel Ortom on Sunday urged the people of the state to obtain dane gun licences from local government areas for self-defence.  He spoke at an interdenominational church service this evening at the Chapel of Grace in Government House, Makurdi to round up a seven-day prayer and fasting programme for peace in the state. “I’ll no longer announce the deaths of those killed by Fulani herdsmen, rise up and defend yourselves with weapons not prohibited by law, bows and arrows, spears and knives. Get licence for dane guns from local government Chairmen and use them to defend yourselves,” he said. He added that as long as he remained within God’s circle no weapon fashioned against him would prosper. “God assured me some time back that as long as I lived within the circle of his presence, no weapon fashioned against me shall prosper,” he said. The State Chairman of the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN), Rev Akpen Leva, assured the governor of the support of the Church to secure the lives of the people and for always rising up in their defence. The CAN chairman commended the Southern governors on their decision to prohibit open grazing in their states stressing that it was the right thing to do. Intercessory prayers were offered against all social vices in Benue, peace and prosperity of the state as well as for God to protect leaders at all levels in the state.  Source Benue State Governor Samuel Ortom yesterday urged the people of the state to obtain dane gun licences from local government areas for self-defence. He spoke at an interdenominational church service Sunday evening at the Chapel of Grace in Government House, Makurdi to round up a seven-day prayer and fasting programme… In "Top Stories" The Governor of Benue State, Samuel Ortom, on Friday said that the N13.5billion approved by the Federal Government for Community Policing will assist in the training of local recruits for the exercise. Ortom also insisted that Nigerians need to be licenced to bear AK-47 rifles for self-protection and defence, in… In "News" ecurityABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The troops of Guards Brigade of the Nigerian Army, has said in its efforts to ensure a crime free environment within the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) and its environs, arrested about 92 suspected Fulani herdsmen within Abuja and Nasarawa State on Sunday. The Assistant Director Army… In "Top Stories"