Abidemi Rufai, a Senior Special Assistant to the Ogun State Governor, faces up to 30 years in prison if he is convicted of wire fraud, according to SaharaReporters.  According to the United States Department of Justice, wire fraud is punishable by up to 30 years in prison regarding benefits paid in connection with a presidentially declared disaster or emergency, such as the COVID-19 pandemic. Rufai, who served as the Deputy Director-General of the Dapo Abiodun Campaign Organisation in the last governorship election in the state, was arrested on Friday at the JFK Airport in New York, the United States of America, on a criminal complaint of wire fraud for his scheme to steal over $350,000 in unemployment benefits from the Washington State Employment Security Department, the acting US Attorney, Tessa M. Gorman, announced. Rufai, aka Sandy Tang, 42, of Lekki, Lagos, made his initial appearance in court on Saturday, May 15, 2021, in New York. He is scheduled for a detention hearing today (Wednesday). “Since the first fraud reports to our office in April 2020, we have worked diligently with a federal law enforcement team to track down the criminals who stole funds designated for pandemic relief. This is the first, but will not be the last, significant arrest in our ongoing investigation of the ESD fraud,” Gorman said. The criminal complaint alleges that Rufai used the stolen identities of more than 100 Washington residents to file fraudulent claims with the ESD for pandemic-related unemployment benefits. He was alleged to have also filed fraudulent unemployment claims with Hawaii, Wyoming, Massachusetts, Montana, New York and Pennsylvania. He used variations of a single email address in a manner intended to evade automatic detection by fraud systems. Using this practice, Rufai allegedly made it appear that each claim was connected with a different email account. The US Department of Justice stated on its website that Rufai caused the fraud proceeds to be paid out to online payment accounts such as ‘Green Dot’ accounts or wired to bank accounts controlled by ‘money mules’. Some of the proceeds were then mailed to the Jamaica, New York address of Rufai’s relative. Law enforcement determined that more than $288,000 was deposited into an American bank account controlled by Rufai between March and August 2020. “Greed is a powerful motivator. Unfortunately, the greed alleged to this defendant affects all taxpayers,” said Donald Voiret, Special Agent in charge of the Federal Bureau of Investigations in Seattle. “The FBI and our partners will not stand idly by while individuals attempt to defraud programmes meant to assist American workers and families suffering the consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic,” he added. Ogun State governor, in his reaction, described the arrest as disturbing news and ordered the immediate suspension of Rufai. In a statement by his Chief Press Secretary, Kunle Somorin, Abiodun ordered the immediate suspension of Rufai, who is his close ally, because of the gravity of the allegation, Punch reports. The statement read, “The Ogun State Governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, has received the alarming news of the arrest of one of his political appointees, Mr Abidemi Rufai, in New York over alleged unemployment benefits fraud in the United States. “Because of the gravity of these allegations, the governor has ordered the immediate suspension of the accused appointee. We will not condone any act bordering on criminality by anyone.” Meanwhile, the Peoples Democratic Party in Ogun State has described Rufai’s arrest as an embarrassment. The Chairman of the PDP in the state, Sikitullah Ogundele, said this in an interview with PUNCH Metro on Tuesday. He said the arrest of Rufai showed that people of questionable characters were in the political system. Ogundele stated, “People of questionable character should be kept away from our system. Unfortunately, the governor of Ogun State has chosen somebody of dubious character, and it is an embarrassment to the entire state. “It is not the fault of the person that appointed him, but personalities must be well-vetted before they are given appointments.”  Source The arrest of now-suspended aide to Ogun Governor Dapo Abiodun, Abidemi Rufai, has elicited a flurry of reactions. He was arrested in the US over alleged $350,000 (about N140 million) unemployment benefits fraud. The Nation reports Rufai was arrested at the JFK Airport in New York on his way out… In "Features" Ogun Governor Dapo Abiodun has suspended his Senior Special Assistant (SSA) on Special Duties, Abidemi Rufai, following his arrest in New York by Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) over alleged involvement in $350m unemployment benefits fraud in respect of COVID – 19 pandemic. Reacting through his Chief Press Secretary, Kunle… In "News" United State - Forbes rated Nigerian fraudster, Obinwanne Okeke will forfeit $11 million as he faces 30 years in prison.   Obinwanne Okeke, the Abuja-based Nigerian businessman who was arrested on August 6 in the U.S. and slammed with two counts of computer and wire fraud has been indicted for $11… In "News"