According to a report by The PUNCH, some gunmen have abducted the Deputy Director of Information Communication Technology of Tai Solarin University of Education, Ijebu-Ode, Mrs. Lateefat Abimbola, a student of the Federal University of Agriculture, Abeokuta, Toyinbo Olayinka, and two others.  While Abimbola was kidnapped in Ijebu-Ode on Thursday, Olayinka – who is a 400-level student of Aquaculture and Fisheries Management was abducted on Saturday from a farm at Abule-Itoko on the Abeokuta-Ibadan Road in Odeda Local Government area of Ogun State. Olayinka was reportedly kidnapped along with the owner of the private farm, identified as Dominic, and a 17-year-old Togolese lady. The PUNCH gathered that the abductors of the FUNAAB student and two others have contacted the wife of the farm manager, demanding N50m ransom from each of the three. On the TASUED lecturer’s abduction, a source explained that Abimbola was abducted last week Thursday around 7 pm at a junction next to her home in Ijebu-Ode. The source further told our correspondent that her abductors had not reached out to the family. The source said, “Till now, we have not heard from the abductors. They’ve not reached out to the family.” Confirming the incident on Sunday, Head, Directorate of Public Relations, FUNAAB, Kola Adepoju said Olayinka was abducted where he had lived for three years. Adepoju in a statement said, “According to the friend of the abducted student and a nursing mother, who witnessed his abduction, he was kidnapped by gunmen at a private Farm in Abule Itoko, a village in Odeda Local Government where he had been working and living for the past three years. “The management of the University has reported the abduction at Ogun State Police Command headquarters, Eleweeran and it’s working earnestly with the Command to ensure the safety and release of the kidnapped student.” When contacted, the Police Public Relations Officer in the state, Abimbola Oyeyemi, said the command had been briefed. Ogun State Police Command on Friday disclosed that it has geographically located the forest where five members of the Redeemed Christian Church of God(RCCG) abducted at the J3, Ogbere – Ijebu – Ode(Ogun State) stretch of the Lagos – Ore expressway, were kept by the abductors. SEE 5 RCCG Pastors… In "Top Stories" According to NewTelegraph, some gunmen have abducted an employee of the Nigerian Television Authority (NTA), Abiodun Adenuga, in Odogbolu Local Government Area of Ogun State. Adenuga, who works at the Ijebu-Ode station of NTA, was allegedly abducted at his residence at Aiyepe, Odogbolu. New Telegraph learnt that the incident occurred… In "Metro" It was a bloody day on Wednesday as gunmen went on the rampage in various parts of the country. They killed two policemen in an attack on the Adani divisional headquarters in Enugu State. In Kaduna State, bandits killed a worker and abducted a yet-to-be specified number of students from… In "News"