The leadership of the Movement for the Actualization of the Sovereign State of Biafra (MASSOB) has cleared the air over the confusion in the actual date for the sit at home.  In a statement signed by the MASSOB leader Comrade Uchenna Madu noted that this year Biafra day anniversary celebration falls on a Sunday, therefore the sit at home will hold on Monday. “Observing the Biafra day anniversary celebration on a Sunday makes it more Christianized because the people of Biafra are predominantly Christians. “Biafra was declared on May 30th, 1967 by General Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu, the leader of Biafra nation. May 30th is sacrosanct and sacred to the history and lives of Biafra Republic. “The ordinances of our greatest leader, Dim Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu must be jealousy and eloquently adhered to. “MASSOB directs all the churches in Biafra land to observe special prayers and supplication for the fallen Biafra heroes during the Nigeria –Biafra war and our comrades that were killed by Nigeria security agents including the people of Biafra that died in the hands of Islamic Boko Haram and Fulani terrorist herdsmen. “There will be movements and normal social activities on May 30th being Sunday because of Christian worship but there will be a sit at home exercise on May 31st being Monday for the people of Biafra as a mark of a solidarity and honor Biafra land. READ Boy crushed to death in Delta“MASSOB directs all markets, schools, banks and all other public offices in Biafra land to observe the sit at home exercise as a mark of respect for our fatherland “In spirit of brotherhood and Biafranism, MASSOB and other pro Biafra organizations have unanimously agreed and resolved to jointly observe, commemorate and celebrate together, the 54 years anniversary of Biafra declaration by our foremost leader, Dim Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu on 30th May, 2021. “This year’s anniversary will be celebrated by the people of Biafra in a unique style, it is a mark of respect and honour to our father land, it is also a reminder to the visions and commandments of our great ancestors that we are not Nigerians but Biafrans. “We enjoin our people to get ready for the celebration of this great anniversary which will hold to remind ourselves to continue the self determination movement for Biafra actualization and restoration.” Fourteen different pro-Biafra groups have teamed up to mark this year’s May 30 Biafra Day celebration and would honour some nations and organisations which they said have remained friendly to the Biafra course. This was disclosed by the leader of the Movement for the Actualisation of the Sovereign State of… In "Top Stories" •Mayrock House... under construction •The late Bruce Mayrock In the days following the stroke which would eventually take his life, one issue weighed heavily on Dim Chukwuemeka Odumegwu- Ojukwu’s mind. That ‘issue’ was the immortalisation of Bruce Mayrock, the 20-year-old who set himself ablaze in front of the UN Building… In "Opinion" ADO-EKITI - Ekiti State Governor Ayodele Fayose, has condemned the killing on Monday of over 30 Igbo protesters, who were mainly members of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) and Movement for the Actualisation of Sovereign State of Biafra (MASSOB), saying it appeared that President Muhammadu Buhari was turning the people… In "Top Stories"