Popular singer, Davido’s former personal assistant, Aloma, has revealed that he was offered N100m to incriminate the OBO crooner for the death of his friend, Tagbo, who died in 2017.  In a video making the rounds on social media, Aloma said he was told to make a statement to implicate Davido. “This is the first time I’ll say this. When I was at the Lion Building with Tagbo’s lawyer, they said I should write a statement that Davido killed Tagbo,” he said. “They offered me a blank cheque of N100m to just say Davido killed him, that he sent me.” The former personal assistant warned that people are trying to bring down Davido, saying the entertainment scene is to be feared. “Fear industry, they are trying everything possible to drag David down,” he concluded. DAILY POST recalls that the police had invited Davido for questioning after the autopsy of late Tagbo was released. Edgal Imohimi, who was Commissioner of Police in Lagos at the time, said Tagbo died from Asynxeria and was taken to the hospital in one of Davido’s cars under his instructions. Despite accusations, counter-accusations and alleged autopsy result, Davido stood his ground that he is innocent of all malicious publications against him.  Source Nigerian Afropop singer, David Adeleke popularly known as Davido has fired his personal assistant, Idris Aloma. According to Davido’s logistics manager, Isreal DMW, via his Instagram page on Saturday, Davido has a new personal assistant identified as Santusgee. Israel warned that anyone who does any business with Aloma does so… In "Entertainment" Davido, Afro-pop singer and song writer, says he is taking a one-month break from his phone and social media to hasten the completion of his forthcoming album. The 26-year-old singer said this through a video shared on Instagram. The award-winning singer established contact routes for those who intend reaching out… In "Entertainment" Popular Nigerian singer, Peruzzi has recounted how he met his record label boss and singer, Davido as he appeared on Nancy Isime Show. Peruzzi took his time to narrate his first encounter with his boss, Davido, which he described as a decision of courage as his manager encouraged him to… In "Entertainment"