ABUJA – The Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Commission has declared Gimba Yau Kumo, son-in-law to President Muhammadu Buhari wanted for alleged $65 million fraud. Kumo, a former Managing Director, Federal Mortgage Bank, got married to Buhari’s daughter in October 2016 in Daura, Katsina State. The commission in a notice published on its website said Kumo was wanted alongside Tarry Rufus and Bola Ogunsola over alleged misappropriation and dispersion of national housing fund. The notice was signed by the ICPC spokesperson, Mrs Azuka Ogugua. It read, “The persons whose pictures appear above, Mr Tarry Rufus, Mr Gimba Yau Kumo and Mr Bola Ogunsola, are hereby declared wanted by the Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Commission in connection with issues bordering on misappropriation of National Housing Funds and diversion of the sum of $65m. “Anyone who has useful information on their whereabouts should report to ICPC Headquarters, Abuja, any of the ICPC State Offices or the nearest police station.” Kumo’s tenure at FMBN was characterised by allegations of corruption. He and three others allegedly paid themselves outrageous severance packages at the end of their tenure in October 2014. In April, the senate committee on public accounts summoned Kumo to explain the alleged irregular award of N3 billion contract when he was still at the bank. (The PUNCH) By Philomina Attah Abuja - The Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Commission (ICPC) has urged the suspended Chairman of the Special Presidential Investigation Panel for the Recovery of Public Property (SPIP), Mr Okoi Obono-Obla, to appear and clear his name. Addressing newsmen in Abuja, ICPC Spokesperson, Mrs Rasheedat… In "News" By Philomina Attah Abuja - The Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Commission (ICPC) says it recently quizzed top officials of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) over various allegations of corruption. Mrs Azuka Ogugua, Spokesperson of the Commission, said this in a statement on Saturday in Abuja. Ogugua… In "News" The Independent Corrupt Practices Commission, ICPC has arrested Mr Alex Akpa, The acting Director-General (DG) of the National Biotechnology Development Agency (NABDA) for allegedly defrauding the federal government of N400 million. Mr Akpa who is a professor of microbiology, was arrested by operatives of the commission to answer questions on… In "News"