Cross River State Governor Ben Ayade has launched the Smashed Project, a global campaign against underage drinking, spearheaded by Collingwood Learning UK and carried out in Nigeria by the Beer Sectoral Group (BSG).  Ayade, represented by Deputy Governor Ivara Esu, launched the programme on Tuesday at Transcorp in Calabar. He said: “It is indeed our honour to launch the Smashed project in Cross River State today. Smashed is a global campaign against underage drinking by Collingwood Learning UK and delivered in Nigeria by the Beer Sectoral Group of the Manufacturers Association of Nigeria (the BSG’). “Underage drinking is a societal ill that should concern any responsible government (and indeed, any responsible person) and no effort should be spared to protect young persons, due to their biological and psychological vulnerability. “We are thus pleased to collaborate with the BSG on the Smashed Project in Cross River State, as a public-private sector partnership on social responsibility. Partnerships of this nature are crucial, as the government and private sector have a better chance of achieving their shared objectives when they work together.” Ayade added: “The Smashed Project is also aligned with the Cross River State Government’s focus on youth development and empowerment. The Smashed project will contribute to equipping our youths with the right mindset towards taking care of themselves and making informed choices.”  Source Shortly before Ayade­’s Supreme Court jud­gment, I was on a sh­ort visit to Calabar when my Archbishop asked that I represe­nt him during the op­ening of an ultra-mo­dern diagnostic cent­re built by General Ukpo, the brother of emeritus Archbishop Joseph Edra Ukpo. General Abdulsalami Abubakar was special guest, Governor Ayade… In "Opinion" Calabar - Gov. Ben Ayade of Cross River has called on the Federal Government to expedite action on the construction of the 260-kilometre super highway in the state. Ayade made the appeal when the Head of Service of the Federation, Mrs Winifred Oyo-Ita, visited him in Calabar. He told Oyo-Ita… In "News" CALABAR – Prof. Ben Ayade, Cross River State Governor, has launched a state-wide campaign to end violence against children this (Thursday) morning in Calabar, the Cross River capital. According to a statement sent to Sundiata Post by Doune Porter, UNICEF Nigeria chief of communication, Cross River is the second state… In "News"