The President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), has suspended the Managing Director of the Nigerian Ports Authority, Hadiza Bala-Usman, sources familiar with the development said on Thursday.  It was learnt that a panel of enquiry had been constituted to look into the matter that prompted her suspension, as well as other concerns. The panel begins its work on Monday.  It was, however, not clear what necessitated the suspension of the NPA boss, who was only reappointed in January this year by Buhari. Senior staff members of the Federal Ministry of Transportation, the parent ministry of the authority, confirmed the development but insisted that there was no official statement on the matter yet. Spokesperson of the ministry, Eric Ojiekwe, could not be reached for comments on the development, as he did not answer calls when contacted on Thursday night. Agencies disobeyed Osinbajo on 24-hour port operations – UsmanAgencies disobeyed Osinbajo’s directive on 24-hour port operation –NPA MDBala-Usman was first appointed as the managing director of the NPA in 2016 and was reappointed in January this year for another five years. On Wednesday, the suspended NPA boss led her organisation to sign a Memorandum of Understanding with the National Bureau of Statistics and the Nigerian Ports Authority to commence the production of statistical information and data analytics on port related activities..   Source •Ms Hadiza Bala Usman President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the recommendation of the Ministry of Transportation under Mr. Rotimi Amaechi for the setting up of an Administrative Panel of Inquiry to investigate the Management of the Nigerian Ports Authority, NPA. Sundiata Post had earlier Thursday evening reported that Ms Hadiza… In "Top Stories" The President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), on Thursday, re-appointed Hadiza Usman as Managing Director of Nigerian Ports Authority for another five years. He also reconstituted the boards of the agency and that of the Transmission Company of Nigeria. The Special Adviser to the President on Media and Publicity, Femi… In "Politics" •Hadiza Bala Usman Ms Hadiza Bala Usman has been suspended as Managing Director/CEO of Nigeria Ports Authority (NPA). Mohammed Koko has stepped in to replace her in acting capacity. Usman was first appointed as the Managing Director of the NPA in 2016. President Muhammadu Buhari had in January reappointed Hadiza… In "News"