Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Senator representing Borno south, Senator Ali Ndume has faulted the decision by the governors in the south to ban open grazing and movement of cattle by foot. The governors took the decision at a meeting in Delta state on Tuesday. According to them, the ban will prevent the frequent clashes between farmers and herders, and also improve security in the region. But speaking with reporters in Abuja on Wednesday, Ndume said the governors are engaging in a “blame game” that will not solve the problem. “This blame game will not solve the problem,” the chairman of the senate committee on army said. “Governors are the chief security officers of their states, so, why are they talking about the president without talking about themselves? The governors are deviating from the matter. The problem is not about open grazing. “The problem is security. Most of the security problems confronting Nigeria are not in the bush. “We have four different types of security challenges. We have an insurgency in the north-east; IPOB, through the Eastern Security Network, is creating insecurity in the south-east; there is banditry in the north-west. “It is only in the north-central that we have issues of farmer-herder clashes. There are fewer problems in the south-west except for the clashes between the herdsmen and the farmers, and the agitators for the Yoruba nation. “Similarly, in the south-south, they are trying to instigate the avengers, but so far the area is peaceful. The issue of insecurity is unique to each zone. President Buhari has taken charge of the security personally now. “It used to be the chief of staff or the minister of defence who was having meetings with the service chiefs but today, the president has taken charge of the problem.” Gov. David Umahi of Ebonyi has ordered vigilantes and the Local Government Areas leadership to immediately enforce the ban on open grazing across the state. Umahi gave the order in Abakaliki while briefing newsmen at the end of the state security council meeting attended by heads of security agencies and… In "Politics" The leadership of the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has applauded the governors of the southeast states for banning open grazing in the region. IPOB in a statement on Tuesday by its Publicity Secretary, Comrade Emma Powerful thanked the governors for respecting the wishes of the people of the… In "News" Makurdi -  Former Sokoto governor Attahiru Bafarawa has advised both the Benue and federal governments to evolve a political solution to end the violence instead of trading blames. “What is required to end the crisis is a workable solution that would be acceptable to all sides; trying to establish who… In "News"