FORMER Cross River State Governor, Donald Duke, has announced his return to the Peoples Democratic Party.  This was contained in a statement titled ‘My Statement of Return,’ which he signed and issued, in Calabar, on Wednesday.  Duke had defected to the Social Democratic Party to contest the 2019 presidential election. In the statement, the former governor wrote, “Dear Friends, a lot is being said about my return to the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP. Truth is, I reunited with the party almost a year ago now, but in spirit never left the ideals for which the party was founded upon. “It is rather unfortunate that Governor Ben Ayade who constantly egged me to rejoin the party has himself had cause to leave. A rather unfortunate decision for which | neither support nor condemn, as I’m not privy to the details except his complaints of being stifled and unappreciated by the leadership of the party and certain elements of Cross River State origin at Abuja.” He further stated, “In our early to mid-thirties buoyed by optimism and faith in our state and nation, we took a plunge into the unknown world of politics. Providence smiled at us and thrust us into the limelight and leadership of national politics. “In Cross River State we took on the establishment and won a razor thin victory in 1999, but through firm and adroit leadership and adherence to the democratic principles of inclusion we soon brought largely all the political class in the state under the PDP and by 2007, we were perhaps the most PDP state in Nigeria. “However, post 2007, the party’s fortune started ebbing. An autocratic leadership style emerged, communication with its followers declined and emergence in the party was determined largely not by the party constitution or structures but by the whims of the State’s Chief Executive. “This is the structure Governor Ayade inherited and has largely led us to where we are today. The very top-down political style we fought against prior 1999, instead of consultation, accommodation and inclusion reared its head to the extent that founding members of the party in the state including former state Chairmen, Senators, members of the National Assembly and I, over time opted out and this attrition has continued unabated to the extent that the Governor himself has left to seek pasture elsewhere.” He expressed hope that lessons have been learnt and necessary adjustments will be made to give everyone a sense of belonging.  Source By Bolaji Buhari   Lagos   -     A former Governor of Cross River State, Mr Donald Duke, on Tuesday said he had not backed down on his presidential ambition. Duke made the statement in a telephone interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN). He said the speculations that he had… In "News" By Chioma Ugboma   Lagos   -     A presidential aspirant of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Mr Donald Duke, on Tuesday said that his ambition was not backed by former President Olusegun Obasanjo. Duke, a former governor of Cross River, who recently declared his intention to run for… In "News" By Christian Njoku Calabar, - Mr Donald Duke, former governor of Cross River and presidential candidate of Social Democratic Party (SDP), has lost his local government area, Calabar Municipal to Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). The result, which was announced by the Returning Officer for the local government, Mr Maxwell Eba during… In "Politics"