Abia State Governor, Dr. Okezie Ikpeazu has appreciated the quality representation and contributions made by the former Member representing Bende Federal Constituency at the House of Representatives, Hon. Nnenna Elendu-Ukeje.  The Governor was speaking while receiving in audience the former federal lawmaker who called on him at Government House, Umuahia. Governor Ikpeazu, who described Hon. Nnenna Elendu-Ukeje as “the jewel of Abia politics” stated that there is need for people like her to get involved in Abia polity, assuring that she would be given platforms to make contributions to the politics and governance of the State for its greater development. Governor Ikpeazu further said that he was ready to collaborate with Hon. Nnenna Elendu-Ukeje to bring about more progress and prosperity to the State as her outstanding contributions which are now being missed at the National Assembly speak volumes. He emphasised that the greatest resource of Abia is the people of the State. The Governor added that it takes political maturity for political leaders to raise the public interests above their private interests, noting that the former federal lawmaker has boldly demonstrated that by offering herself for reconciliation in the overall interest of the State. The State Chief Executive who commended the people of Bende for arranging a civic reception in honour of their daughter, the former federal lawmaker, appreciated the Chairman of Bende Local Government Area, Chief Emmanuel Onwuchekwa and other leaders and stakeholders from Bende for the initiative and urged them to continue to rally round Hon. Nnenna Elendu-Ukeje while assuring that he would identify with them at the event. Earlier in her speech, Hon. Nnenna Elendu-Ukeje said she came to inform the Governor that her people, the Bende Youth Forum and Abia Democratic Initiative are putting up an event tagged “Home-Coming” aimed at bringing her back home in a grand style, stating that since after the 2019 elections she had not been to the State. She said she was offering herself for reconciliation as she puts the State above her personal interests and assured the Governor that she was ready to collaborate with him to build Bende and Abia of their dreams. Also speaking, the Chairman, Bende Local Government Area, Chief Emmanuel Onwuchekwa said the initiative of bringing back Hon. Nnenna Elendu-Ukeje was in line with the mandate of the Governor that LGA Chairmen should reach out to members of the PDP, including those who feel aggrieved and build a more united political family in their respective LGAs. Chief Onwuchekwa further said that the return of Hon. Nnenna Elendu-Ukeje was a clear sign that Bende LGA could deliver PDP in every election as they are more united now ever than before and pleaded with the Governor to identify with them at the grand civic reception holding on Wednesday, the 12th of May, 2021.   UMUAHIA (Sundiata Post) - The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Abia North Senatorial District has expressed its support for the governor of Abia State, Dr Okezie Ikpeazu, describing the pro-Uche Ogah judgement of Justice Okon Abang of the Federal High Court in Abuja in as "controversial and contentious". A statement… In "Politics" UMUAHIA (Sundiata Post) - Despite the political impasse in Abia State and near breakdown of law and order due to political distractions over the controversial judgment of Justice Okon Abang of the Federal High Court in Abuja, the Abia State House of Assembly has passed a vote of confidence on… In "Top Stories" Abuja - The House of Representatives, on Thursday, it would do everything to ensure that the murderers of a Nigerian, Timothy Chinedu, in South Africa, faced the law. Chairman, House Committee on Foreign Affairs, Nnenna Elendu-Ukeje (Abia-PDP), disclosed this to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja, after a… In "Top Stories"