According to Daily Post, more than twelve shallow graves have been uncovered in the compound of Mr. Uduak Akpan, the suspected killer of one Miss Iniubong Umoren, a graduate of philosophy in the guise of offering her a job in Uyo, Akwa Ibom State.  The suspect who is now cooling his feet at the police station in Ikot akpanabia, Uyo was alleged to have lured late Umoren to his place at Nnung Ikono Obio in Uruan Local Government Area of the State, raped, killed, and eventually buried her in a shallow grave in his father’s compound. The youths of the community enraged with the news stormed the compound, and vandalised the building, using pebbles after setting ablaze the security house of the one storey building. It was gathered that the vandalization started since on Tuesday night and its still ongoing as at press time even as it was alleged that the youths carted away property in the compound and handed the boy’s father(whom they accused of being an accomplice) to the police. When some correspondents visited the scene, Wednesday evening, about twelve(12) shallow graves were seen in the large compound and a skeletal bone suspected to be that of a child lying on the floor was also seen. Also old sag bags were seen scattered near the graves as the youths who conducted journalists round the compound claimed that they were used for packing human parts they buried. The youths said the suspect and his family are strangers living in the community as their real community is Nnung Ikono Ufok in Uruan LGA. One of the youths identified as Akpan Shadrach James told journalists that the family of the suspect erected the building about four years ago and do not live there permanently but only come occasionally since they have another building in Uyo town and nobody actually knew what they do inside the compound. “People thought that they were living here, they don’t, they only come and go. They are from the next community. They don’t have friends in this community as their gate is always closed and they wrote the notice, ‘beware of dogs’ on their wall. We didn’t know that such a thing was happening here. “We want government to investigate this matter and bring justice to that slain orphan. We are grieved with this incident and we don’t want this matter swept under the carpet.” Also speaking, the youths President of the community, Etubom Sunday Essien said the youths were disappointed over the act, adding that such offence is not condoned in the community. He said, “there is nothing happening apart from the one you have already heard. It’s not good for the boy to kill his fellow human being. We don’t know that, that is what he has been doing. We, the youths will never allow such things to be happening in our community. That is the reason we took this action. He, however, exonerated the chairman of the LGA, Mr. Iniobong Ekpenyong saying he played the role of a Chief security officer of council by calling on the police to arrest the culprit. The Chairman of the local government had earlier issued a press release, distancing himself from insinuations of being party to the incident, stressing that he only did his job as the chief security officer of the local government by fishing out the suspect and handing him over to the police.  Source Youths from Nnung Ikono Obio in the Oruan Local Government Area of Akwa Ibom State, on Tuesday, stormed the family house of Uduak Akpan, the prime suspect in the murder of a jobseeker, Iniubong Umoren, and vandalised it. It was gathered that the youth took the action after setting ablaze… In "News" Police in Akwa Ibom have exhumed the body of a 36-year-old businessman Onyeka Ezewulu killed and buried in a shallow grave in Mbiaso community, Nsit Ibom council area of Akwa Ibom State. Operatives of Special Tactical Squad (STS) led by CSP Julian Igbodu, on Monday March, 29, 2021, stormed a… In "News" UYO - The Police in Akwa Ibom State have arrested Miss Patience Aaron of Afaha Abia village, Nsit Ibom Local Government Area, for allegedly burying her day-old baby alive. Briefing newsmen in Uyo, the Commissioner of Police, Gabriel Achong, said the baby, who was buried in a shallow grave, was… In "News"