One week after Imo State Governor, Hope Uzodimma’s hometown was attacked by unknown gunmen, he (Uzodimma) has returned back to his state, to continue his official duties especially to ruthlessly deal with hoodlums attacking the state. Vanguard gathered in Owerri, that the governor arrived in the state at about 01:45 pm, on Friday, alongside his appointees and other stakeholders of Imo state. An inside source told Vanguard that the governor had concluded on his security strategy to immediately end the series of attacks by unknown gunmen in the state. Part of the arrangements of the governor was to set in motion the Imo state chapter of the Ebubeagu, meet with security heads in the states. He would also meet with traditional rulers as well as a special section with stakeholders of the state across party lines to collectively deal with the situation. A source said: “Uzodimma does not talk much he believes in action. His back and action will start. You think while he’s away that he was not doing anything in regards to the security of lives and properties in Imo. “Watch and see the action. Those behind the attacks should continue, we are not telling them to stop but they will be exposed for Imolites.” He continued: “So, all these are for election in 2023. Uzodimma’s administration is not thinking of 2023, we are thinking of how to provide governance to the people of the state.” (Vanguard) •Up in smoke: Governor Uzodimma’s house after the attack  By IKECHUKWU IWEAJUNWA Imo Government has confirmed the attack on Gov. Hope Uzodimma’s house in Omuma Oru East council area on Saturday by unknown gunmen but failed to give the number of casualties recorded in the attack. The Commissioner for Information,… In "Top Stories" Less than 24 hours after gunmen attacked the Imo State Police Command headquarters and the Nigerian Correctional Service at Owerri, the immediate past Inspector General of Police, Muhammed Adamu, on Tuesday, visited the state. During the visit, the ex-IG insisted that members of the Indigenous People of Biafra carried out… In "News" In what appeared to be a well-planned attack, about a dozen men armed with AK 47 and grenades on Saturday killed about eight people, including three security personnel, and set the country home of Governor Hope Uzodinma of Imo State at Omuma, Oru East Local Government Area of the state… In "News"