By CHARLES IWUOHA Operatives of the South East security outfit, Ebube Agu, the Ebonyi State Command, have arrested no fewer than eight armed robbery suspects. The suspects, who reportedly confessed to the crimes, were arrested at their various crime scenes and brought to Old Government House located opposite the headquarters of Ebonyi State Police Command, Abakaliki. The Commissioner of Internal Security, Border Peace and Conflict Resolutions, Mr. Stanley Emegha Okoro, confirmed the arrest on Friday. He said no day passes without Ebube Agu arresting crime suspects in the state. Okoro stated that Ebube Agu since its formation has recorded a lot of breakthroughs, controlling crimes and criminality and restoring peace and order in the state. One of the suspects, Igwe Paulinus, who hails from Ikwo Local Government Area, said: “I have a gun called 1 Npa, so according to what is happening in Ebonyi State, I decided to bring it out and surrender, that I will not do it again. I will not do anything about stealing again and I promise. That’s why I bring the gun out and I promise, Sir. “Look at the gun, Sir. The reason I bought the gun was for protection and for now I have quit and I promise, I will not do it again. I have involved in two or three robbery at meat market here. I use to rob phones. “My friend whom I use to follow and rob have entered prison. I have no one again since then. They have been looking for me on the case that made him (friend) to enter prison. “I decided to quit, thinking of how to join Ebube Agu security network. I was in the town thinking of how to come and join Ebube Agu but because of what I have done, I didn’t know how to approach them and tell them. “I was at the Vanco Junction when I saw them (Ebube Agu) coming. I didn’t run, I stood and surrendered myself to them,” he said. Another suspect, Ngele Chiemerie, said: “I’m here because we collected someone phone at Nsukka Street, Abakaliki, in front of my house. I have robbed only two times. Forgive me, Sir, I will not do it again.” One other suspect who gave his name as Chinweuba and hails from Oriuzor community in Ezza North Local Government Area said: “I was sleeping in my friend shop when Ebube Agu security network came in there and arrested us. They said we have been robbing people. “Yes, I have been robbing people. I have been involving in crimes. I have been collecting people’s phones in the town.” The suspects were later handed over to the police for further investigation and possible arraignment in court on Monday. (News Express) Southeast governors on Sunday said the legal framework for Ebube Agu has been set in motion. They directed attorneys-general of the five states to propose laws to give the outfit a legal teeth. “The attorneys-general and commissioners for Justice of the Southeast states have been directed to work with the… In "News" The security situation in the Southeast has gone from bad to worse in the last couple of months. Gone were the days when insecurity used to be regarded as something exclusive to the Northeast. Nigerians have woken up to the reality that there is insecurity in every part of the… In "Features" •Governor Umahi  Ebonyi State Governor David Umahi on Wednesday said bandits are committing crimes in the South-East of the country under the guise of the Eastern Security Network (ESN), but insisted governors of the region will not allow what he termed illegality to reign in the area.  “Of late, we… In "Top Stories"