Governor Nasir El-Rufai of Kaduna state has been given 48 hours to reinstate sacked nurses.  The ultimatum was given by the Medical and Health Workers’ Union of Nigeria (MHWUN). The governor has also been asked to tender a public apology to the Nigerain workers. Recal that the Governor had sacked nurses who are below level. 14 for joining the protest by NLC in the state. MHWUN, in a statement by its President, Biobelemoye Joy Josiah, described the actions of the governor as “barbaric, primitive and anarchist” that is still being practised in modern day Nigeria. Josiah explained that the governor had earlier “illegally and forcefully” retired officers who are 50 years of age and above, officers on GL. 14 and above, converted officers on GL. 01 – 06 to casual labourers and dismissed nurses on GL. 14 and below. These actions, according to him, were taken without regard to extant labour laws and circulars that regulate employment of public servants whose appointments are clothed with statutory flavour. The statement partly read, “We particularly call on all workers and citizens of Kaduna State to tag Tuesday, 18th May, 2021 as a sad day for democracy and a day of mourning when an elected governor threw away the constitution he swore to uphold and embraced thuggery. “We call on the entire citizens of Kaduna State to particularly remember this day so that when this same man come calling to beg for votes to go to the retirement home of former governors – the senate or for any other elective position, he should be rejected out rightly as there is no room for anarchist in a democratic society. “Meanwhile, we call on our members nationwide to remain alert and await further directives on this matter as “an injury to one is an injury to all” and “injustice anywhere is injustice everywhere”.  Source Kaduna State Governor, Nasir El-Rufai, has sacked all nurses below grade level 14 in the state for embarking on strike in solidarity with the Nigeria Labour Congress. The governor directed the Ministry of Health in the state to immediately advertise vacancies for the replacement of the dismissed nurses. Kaduna State… In "News" Kaduna Governor Nasir El-Rufai has declared Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) leaders who coordinated the shutdown of the state in protest over mass sack of workers as bandits. He vowed they will be prosecuted, accusing them of unwanton destruction of public properties and disruption of peace. Their actions, according to the… In "News" The President of Nigeria Labour Congress, Ayuba Wabba, has faulted Kaduna State Governor, Nasir El-Rufai, for describing workers as ‘micro minority’. While appearing as a guest on Channels TV’s Sunrise Daily, Wabba accused governors of paying illegitimate salaries to political appointees. El-Rufai, had on Monday, April 12, made known his… In "News"