The Governor of Abia State, Okezie Ikpeazu, has said that it is imperative that the ban on open grazing in the southern region is enforced.  The ban is part of the resolutions reached by the governors of the southern region after a meeting held in Asaba, Delta State. According to Ikpeazu who addressed journalists during a Zoom meeting on Saturday, the ban will prevent the activities of criminal herdsmen in the region. “We are now at the point of making sure that we enforce and implement it and even in doing that I must also share what I see as a challenge to the enforcement of that law,” Ikpeazu said. “The law is in place and we are taking steps to enforce it. Asaba Accord: Southern govs won’t get solution by playing politics, says Ndume“It has become imperative that we enforce that law strictly because we just noticed that we have big-time trouble in our hands. “We have those that we refer to as criminal herdsmen; they are different from the ordinary herdsmen that we have been living with all these years. “We now have in our mist bandits that have infiltrated from the rest of West Africa and other parts of Africa and their assignment is to come here rape, kill and kidnap people for money. “It is now very imperative that we enforce that law.”  Source Southern governors’ resolutions at their meeting on Tuesday generated more nationwide reactions on Wednesday. The northern sociopolitical group, the Arewa Consultative Forum, told The PUNCH that some of those advocating restructuring were bent on the disintegration of the country. The group, however, supported the decision of the governors to ban… In "News" The leadership of the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has applauded the governors of the southeast states for banning open grazing in the region. IPOB in a statement on Tuesday by its Publicity Secretary, Comrade Emma Powerful thanked the governors for respecting the wishes of the people of the… In "News" The Miyetti Allah Kautal Hore, a factional umbrella body for herdsmen in the country, has said it is opposed to the ban imposed on open grazing of cattle by South-West governors. It said the enforcement of the ban was tantamount to an eviction notice. This is however against the position… In "Features"