A former President, Olusegun Obasanjo has stated that if the country is disintegrated, minority groups will suffer.  The former President said this while receiving the Tiv Professional Group (TPG) from Benue State, who paid him a courtesy visit in Abeokuta on Wednesday May 5. Recounting how a Military friend told him that major tribes in the country are selfish and not sufficiently caring for the minority groups, Obasanjo said he aligned with his friend’s opinion and also expressed worry over what will become of these minority tribes if major tribes decide to secede and begin to operate as separate countries. He Said; “If the Yoruba can stand as a country, if the Igbos and the Hausa/Fulani can stand as separate countries, where do we want the minority groups to be? “Now, by virtue of the present situation, they are a little bit protected, but if Nigeria breaks up, they will be oppressed and exterminated.” Also recalling his meetings with a number of socio-cultural organisations in September 2020, Obasanjo noted that nobody at such meetings talked about disintegration or breakup. He said “all they clamoured for was a change for good.” Source • Miyetti Allah National Secretary Saleh By Nwafor Sunday he Fulani socio-cultural organisation in Nigeria, Miyetti Allah Kautal Hore, Monday, called on President Muhammadu Buhari-led Federal Government to as a matter of urgency, arrest former President Olusegun Obasanjo for accusing Fulani herdsmen of being the root cause of insecurity in… In "Top Stories" Obasanjo has diminished his status as a statesman – ACFACF’s allegation, rubbish – AfenifereACF supporting evil, says Middle Belt By Adelani Adepegba, Godwin Isenyo, James Abraham and Raphael Ede  The pan-Northern organisation, the Arewa Consultative Forum, on Wednesday lashed out at the Southern and Middle Belt Forum leaders, saying they should… In "Top Stories" President Muhammadu Buhari on Tuesday replied former President Olusegun Obasanjo on his open letter addressing the insecurity in the country. According to him, critics of insecurity in the country are not patriotic. Obasanjo had on Monday in an open letter to President Buhari criticized the insecurity, saying the killings cannot… In "News"