The quest by Ifeanyi Daniel Iwuanyanwu, a student of the Federal Polytechnic Nekede, Owerri, and his sister, Vera, to be by their mother’s side during her birthday celebration, has ended tragically with their death in a fatal accident on their way to Port Harcourt. The brother and sister said to be the only children of their parents, reportedly died on the spot in the accident which occurred on Monday night, May 2, while travelling to Port Harcourt, Rivers State, to celebrate their mother’s birthday, throwing both the family and the institution into great grief. The Nekede Polytechnic community is said to be enveloped with great mourning over the death of Daniel, said to be the General Course Representative of the Department of Science Laboratory Technology. Classmates, friends, teachers and workers,  in the academic community, who learnt of the incident, were said to have bemoaned the sad end of the students, with President of NASTES, Comrade Uzoma Stephen, who confirmed the sad news in a statement on Tuesday, describing the late Daniel as a kind and gentle soul. “My heart goes out to the family, entire NASTES community Fed Poly Nekede chapter and SIAS as a whole on the passing of our brother and friend IWUAYANWU IFEANYI DANIEL who was the general course rep ND2 morning, electoral commissioner rep SLT in the 2020/2021 SUG election, currently appointed as the commissioner rep SLT in the forth coming 2020/2021 NASTES election until his death,” he wrote. “Accept my deepest condolences on the loss. He was a kind and gentle soul. God bless his soul. There are no words to express my sorrow for the loss, may we find comfort in the loving memories we all shared while he was alive. He can only be physically gone but never the life lived and the memories shared. Have faith and be strong may his soul rest in peace.” (Whirlwindnews) An armed robbery suspect from Etche Local Government Area, Rivers State, Promise Agonwu, has confessed his membership of a gang terrorising residents of Port Harcourt, Rivers State. Agonwu, a student of Computer Science at the Federal Polytechnic, Nekede, Owerri, Imo State, said he joined armed robbery to fight poverty. He… In "News" OWERRI - The Rector of the Federal Polytechnic, Nekede, Dr Celestina Njoku, has advised its students to acquire practical skills that would give them an edge over others in the labour market. Njoku made the call at the 36th matriculation ceremony of the polytechnic on Friday where more than 3,000 students were sworn-in.… In "News" According to Nelson Mandela “Men and Women of rare qualities are few and hard to come by, and when they depart; the sense of loss is much more profound and more difficult to manage.”  Such deaths are usually extremely traumatic and devastating, not only to the immediate family, but to… In "Features"