ABAKALIKI – The Southeast Security outfit codenamed “Ebubeagu” in Ebonyi State, in collaboration with the police has arrested 38 suspected bandits in the state. Thirty-seven of the suspects were arrested in the Agubia axis of Ikwo local government area of the State while allegedly plotting to attack some security and other government facilities in the state. The suspects were arrested during a joint operation coordinated by the Commissioner for Internal Security, Border Peace and Conflict Resolutions, Stanley Okoro Emegha, the Ikwo Local Government Council Chairman, Steve Orogwu and the Ikwo Divisional Police Officer, (DPO).The Commissioner confirmed the arrest in Abakaliki. According to him, the suspects were arrested following a tip-off that they were about to attack police stations in the area and set ablaze some of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) offices and some Courts in the Local Government Area. Emegha said that the suspects came into the state from different parts of South-East to carry out the operation while others also came from the different local government areas of Ebonyi State. “We got information that there were people gathering to go and burn some Police stations, burn some INEC officers and court in the area and then the Ebubeagu quickly mobilized and swoop in on them. It was discovered that they have a map and came from different places like Enugu, Imo and others from different local government area of Ebonyi State. We asked questions, they said they have the authority of whoever they called their boss, I don’t know to burn those places. But unfortunately, luck ran out of them and they were all arrested and have been handed over to the police,” he stated. The Commissioner said the suspects have confessed to the crime. According to him, the suspects said they were working on the instruction of their “boss” who the security agencies are working hard to unravel. Security agencies and other government agencies like INEC and the courts have come under attacks recently in the state and also in the southeast and south regions of the country. The identity of the attackers is yet to be unravelled. (Vanguard) By CHARLES IWUOHA Operatives of the South East security outfit, Ebube Agu, the Ebonyi State Command, have arrested no fewer than eight armed robbery suspects. The suspects, who reportedly confessed to the crimes, were arrested at their various crime scenes and brought to Old Government House located opposite the headquarters… In "Top Stories" By Chukwuemeka Opara Abakaliki - The Ebonyi Government said the protest embarked by some aged half naked women in Abakaliki on Monday was not against the state government. Mr Francis Nwaze, Special Assistant to the Governor on Media said in a statement on Tuesday that the state government had no… In "News" By Chukwuemeka Opara Abakaliki - The Police in Ebonyi have arrested three hoodlums who allegedly killed two persons at Ndegu-Amagu Ward of Ikwo Local government Area (LGA) on Friday night. ASP Loveth Odah, the state’s Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Saturday that… In "News"