Award winning superstar Davido has declared his son Ifeanyi Adeleke heir apparent.  The CEO, Davido Music World took to social media to make this disclosure. The father of three, who is currently in an estranged relationship with the mother of his son, Chioma referred to their son as heir apparent to the Adeleke dynasty. 30BG boss, who took to social media to leave Chioma a casual birthday message on her birthday on 30th, April, shared a picture of their son with the caption; “HEIR APPARENT” which he accompanied with an emoji of a crown. Social media users have reacted to this outright declaration of the singer about his son. Some have said it’s wrong to come out on social media to say such considering he has other children even though they are females. Others have said he may possibly be doing this just so he can get Chioma back into his life. Several others have compared the looks of baby Ifeanyi to his parents’ and sister, Hailey while praying for him and admiring his heritage. clem_official wrote: “Nobody is telling @Davido the truth, the caption is wrong, you have other children, and they have mother’s too, don’t make the regret having a girl child for you, women can go any length, just don’t push them. Baba nor vex, just saying.” amandachisom_ wrote: “So the girls are not good enough to be heir apparent even when they are older than him?” lillydan1 write: “Not necessary plssssss. Don’t draw unnecessary hatred towards him pls oo.” officialyomexyb write: “Is it o my me that still believes @davido will eventually marry @chefchi if you have watched The EMPIRE you will understand what I’m saying.” stevemikeofficial wrote: “Chioma face with Davido belle.” jaydfemstore wrote: “Stylishlynwants his mom bk….Dunno why some men can’t jst simply apologise.” pretty_gifteugene wrote: “Oga don Dey look for mama Ifeanyi attention.” babidiva_20 wrote: ” You want Chi back.” i_amfinabae wrote: “Lmao….Chioma will soon forgive him! He knows her mumu button!” oloyeajisope wrote: “Cool chap. Double face, Davido’s and Chioma’s faces.” philiptsp wrote: “Ify and Hailey get the same resemblance. Dem go think say na the same mama born them.” merciefoundation wrote: “Looks like your last daughter a lot.” officialtoyinadewale wrote: “God bless our little Prince.” guzzoro wrote: ” He carry Chioma’s face and Davido belle.” tollyaduke wrote: ” God bless and keep you always son.”  Source Davido and his fiancee, Chioma are still together according to new photo. Recall that the media have been awash with news of alleged divorced between the duo. In a bid to dispel the rumour, Davido’s brother, Adewale Adeleke had taken to social media to reveal that his relationship with Chioma… In "Social Media Feeds" Nigerian musician, Davido has opened up on his relationship with his fiancee Chioma and why they are not married. Speaking about their relationship, Davido said he felt pressured to marry Chioma. Davido and Chioma, who have a son together named Ifeanyi, got engaged in 2019. He revealed Chioma as his… In "Entertainment" Nigerian artiste, David Adeleke, also known as Davido has spoken about how he met his fiancee, Chioma Rowland and why he chose her. According to the DMW boss, his manager, Lati introduced him to Chioma Rowland. Davido who had a few months ago caused drama on social media after he… In "Entertainment"