Two persons have reportedly been killed in an auto crash that occurred in Aba North Local Government Area of Abia State, on the Uratta axis of the ever-busy Enugu-Aba-Port Harcourt Expressway.  Our correspondent gathered that the accident was caused by the driver of an articulate truck belonging to Dangote suspected to be conveying flour to Port Harcourt, Rivers State. It was gathered that the deceased who were passengers of a commercial tricycle plying the Uratta route died on the spot and at the hospital respectively. Other passengers who sustained various degrees of injuries were said to be battling for survival at a private hospital in Aba. Eyewitnesses attributed the accident to the articulate truck driver loaded with bags of wheat flour travelling to Port Harcourt who was trying to maneuver a ditch which resulted in multiple collisions of vehicles and auto-mobiles. The incident was said to have grounded vehicular movement on both sides of the expressway for over two hours as mob tries to lynch the driver of the truck. It was learnt that it took prompt intervention of soldiers attached to 144 Battalion Headquarters in Ukwa West LGA to save the life of the driver and conductor and also to quell the situation which could have degenerated into a possible ethnic clash with the atmosphere already charged. When contacted, Abia State Police Command Public Relations Officer, SP Geoffrey Ogbonna said that he was yet to receive official information about the incident. Ogbonna assured that the police would investigate and make public its findings.  Source According to a report by The Nation, soldiers attached to 144 Battalion, Ukwa West Local Government Area of Abia State have arrested an alleged member of a notorious kidnapping gang operating in Aba, the commercial nerve of the state and its environs. The suspect who is also known as Phyno… In "Metro" Catholic Diocese of Awgu, in Enugu State, has debunked media reports that a recent auto crash involving a Lowbed truck and a Mercedes Benz 608 school bus, had claimed 21 lives, describing such reports as fake news. The church, which owns the affected school, Presentation Nursery and Primary School, Awgu,… In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - Fresh battle over the true legal representation of the detained leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Mr. Nnamdi Kanu, has created uncertainty over the state of his ongoing trial at the Federal High Court (FHC) sitting in Abuja. Two legal practitioners, Mr. Gabriel Egbule… In "Top Stories"