Nigerian politician, Femi Fani-Kayode has charged the new Chief of Army Staff, Major General Farouk Yahaya to crush those behind insecurity in the country.  Recall that the new COAS was appointed today by President Muhammadu Buhari.  Fani-Kayode urged Yahaya to take the battle to the enemy as he assumes his new role. In a tweet, Fani-Kayode wrote: “Congratulations to Major General Yahaya on his appointment as Nigeria’s new Chief of Army Staff. “Now is the time to take the battle to the gates of the enemy and utterly crush them. Godspeed!” Yahaya was a former General Officer Commanding 1 Division of the Nigerian Army and the incumbent Theatre Commander of the Counter-Terrorism Counter Insurgency military outfit in the North East, codenamed Operation HADIN KAI. His appointment was disclosed by Brigadier General Onyema Nwachukwu, Acting Director Defence Information, Defence Headquarters, in a statement. Yahaya was picked to replace Ibrahim Attahiru who died in an air crash on Friday alongside 10 other senior military officers.  Source ABUJA - President Muhammadu Buhari has appointed Major General Farouk Yahaya as the new Chief of Army Staff. This is according to a statement signed and released on Thursday by military spokesperson Brigadier-General Onyema Nwachukwu. Prior to his appointment Major-General Yahaya was the General Officer Commanding 1 Division of the… In "Top Stories" •Late Chief of Army Staff, Lieutenant General Ibrahim Attahiru ABUJA - More than 24 hours after the death of the Chief of Army Chief, Lt. General Ibrahim Attahiru and other military officers in a plane crash, the Presidency is yet to name a replacement as the nation mourns the departed… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja - President Muhamadu Buhari has appointed Major General Farouk Yahaya new chief of army staff. A statement by the acting director defence information, Brigadier general Onyema Nwachukwu made this known. Before this appointment, Yahaya was the General officer commanding Division 1 of the Nigerian Army. He… In "Top Stories"