Detectives from Oru West Divisional Police Headquarters, Imo State have rearrested three notorious suspects who escaped from Correctional Centre, Owerri on 5th April during a jail break.  The suspects who were arrested at different locations in the state were facing trial for murder. According to the new Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) SP Bala Elkanah, the suspects were arrested on Wednesday at about 0700 hours following a sustained monitoring. He said one of the suspects, Cosmas Mbamara ‘m’ of Ohakpu area, Mgbidi, Oru West LGA, who was facing trial for murder when he escaped from the Correctional Centre was arrested in a hideout at Oru West LGA of the state. Also, he said on the same date at about 1000hours, Surveillance Team from Orlu Division arrested one Okafor George Chisomo “m” 35 years old, of Ezeachi, Orlu Local Government Area of Imo State. “The suspect was arrested at Umuaba Village, Orlu LGA during a well coordinated operation. He is involved in series of murder in Orlu and environ. One of the murder charges he is facing at Orlu High Court happened in November, 2019 when he slaughtered one Matrida Eboh ‘f’. He escaped from Correctional Centre, Owerri during the jail break.” In a related development, he disclosed further that detectives from Okigwe Division rearrested one Nwankwo Levi ‘m’ 35 years old, of Okigwe area. “The suspect was arrested on 13th May, 2021 in his hideout at Okigwe. He was facing charges of kidnapping and armed robbery before his escaped from the Correctional Centre, Owerri during the said jail break.” He said these arrests followed the directives of the Commissioner of Police, Imo State, CP Abutu Yaro, to Area Commanders, Divisional Police Officers and Commanders of Tactical Units, to ensure that prisoners who escaped from the correctional centre are rearrested to face justice. The Police spokesman enjoined members of the public to continue to support the Police with credible information that would lead to the arrest of other escapees. He said that the Commissioner of Police has ordered that the suspects be handed over to Nigeria Correctional Service, Owerri.  Source Several persons were on Saturday arrested by the police over electoral related offences in Imo State. Those arrested included Senator Hope Uzodinma representing Imo West and his sister. They were arrested over alleged electoral malpractices at Omuma, Oru East Local Government Area of the State by a combined team of… In "News" Operatives of the Special Armed Robbery Squad (SARS) of the Imo Police Command have arrested two notorious kidnappers, who are the remaining members of the millionaire kidnapper and former police officer, Coporal Collins Ezenwa(aka E-money). The suspects are Asiatugbulam Ifeanyi, 34 and Kingsley Udo Johnson, 20. According to a police… In "Metro" One of the mansions demolished At least, three houses belonging to a suspected leader of a kidnap gang, Okechukwu Uche, in Owaelu, Uratta in the Owerri North Local Government Area of Imo State have been demolished. According to TheNation, Uche, who is currently in jail at the Owerri Correctional Center,… In "News"