ABUJA –  The former Chief Justice of Nigeria, Aloma Mariam Mukhtar, has urged Nigerian leaders to always emulate the good virtues of Late Sir Ahmadu Bello, the Sardauna of Sokoto. Mukhtar said this at a Dinner and Award Night organized by the Sir Ahmadu Bello memorial foundation, on Saturday night, in Kaduna. She said that the late Sardauna left good legacies from education, promoting religious beliefs and uplifting the people to building schools and awarding scholarships within the country and overseas. ” I appeal to leaders to ensure they emulate Sir Ahmadu Bello by investing more in the education sector,”. The Former Governor of Niger State, Alhaji Babangida Aliyu said that the country had to get it right in terms of the challenges bedeviling the country, especially in the North. He said that there was a need for Northern governors to meet regularly, have information and share data as they begin to implement decisions, especially on security. He said that to address the issue of high youth unemployment, Northern governors needed to harness available resources as well as build world class skills acquisition centres across their states. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Awards of Life Time Achievement in the Community were presented at the occasion to Alhaji Alhassan Dantata, a Kano-based tycoon and Justice Mariam Aloma Mukhtar. Alhaji Sabiu Dantata who received the award on behalf of his father, thanked the foundation for the recognition and pledged to emulate his father’s legacies. The Managing Director, Sir Ahmadu Bello memorial foundation, Engr Abubakar Umar, also thanked the people and parents for finding time to attend the 7th Annual Sir Ahmadu Bello memorial Lecture, Dinner and Award night. Umar said that the foundation would continue to work and ensure the continued promotion of the legacies of the late Northern premier, Sir Ahmadu Bello, by promoting unity. He said the foundation had been carrying out a lot of developmental activities and interventions, most especially on education, entrepreneurship skills acquisition and health. Others include, conflict resolution, problems of Internally Displace Persons (IDPs) and refugees, across the North, he added. (NAN) Kaduna  -   Former Chief Justice of the Federation, Justice Mamman Nasir on Saturday urged Northern leaders to emulate good virtues of the first Premier of the Northern Nigeria, Sir Ahmadu Bello, Sardauna of Sokoto. The former Justice said this at the closing of the 50th anniversary of Sardauna's demise… In "News" By Hassana Yakubu   Kaduna -  Plateau State Attorney General and Commissioner of Justice, Prof. Clement Dakas has called for greater investment in the education to guarantee brighter future for young men and women in Northern Nigeria and end restiveness. Dakas said on Wednesday in Kaduna during the annual Sir… In "News" KADUNA - President Goodluck Jonathan, on Monday, advised Nigerians to emulate the legacies of the Premier of Northern Region, late Sir Ahmadu Bello, the Sardauna of Sokoto. Jonathan made the call during the inaugurationn of the new secretariat of Ahmadu Bello Memorial Foundation in Kaduna. He said the late premier… In "News"