By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  Senate Minority Leader and federal lawmaker representing Abia South Senatorial District, Senator Enyinnaya Abaribe has lambasted the Attorney General of the Federation, Abubakar Malami, over statement credited to him on the banning of open grazing by southern governors, saying his divisive disposition has no doubt raised tensions in Nigeria to a frightening level. Sundiata Post recalls that Malami had on Wednesday at a program on Channels TV while reacting to the position of the southern governors on open grazing said it’s equivalent to banning sale of spare parts in the northern Nigeria. Abaribe reminded that it’s the murderous activities of Fulani herders that have given rise to the current demand for laws that will bring about peaceful coexistence of all Nigerians. The minority disclosed this on Thursday in a statement signed by his Media Adviser, Uche Awom made available to Sundiata Post in Abuja. The statement reads in full: “While the local “bureau de change” business mostly done by the Fulanis are operating in all parts of Nigeria, why have they not elicited any resentment from other Nigerians? “It is simply because they live and do their business peacefully without any problem. It is the murderous activities of Fulani herders that have given rise to the current demand for laws that will bring about peaceful coexistence of all Nigerians. “What’s the correlation between spare parts sellers in a rented shop or government properly designated area and marauding Fulani herders destroying farms, killing and raping thus trampling on people’s private properties and means of livelihood? Such a divisive statement from a top federal government official, infact the Chief legal adviser to the federal government at that, exposes a very dangerous mindset . This disposition has no doubt raised tensions in Nigeria to a frightening level. “Why should an Attorney General of the federation be so fixated in evoking ethnic/regional fault lines when duty calls for him to be a statesman. It is disheartening that Mr Abubakar Malami has chosen to debase our country. He has indeed questioned Nigeria’s unity. Very unfortunate”, Senator Abaribe said when asked his views on what Malami said. SignedUchenna AwomMedia AdviserTo Senator Enyinnaya Abaribe By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Former Minister of Aviation, Femi Fani-Kayode has slammed the Attorney General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami over his reaction to the open grazing ban by southern governors. Malami had while reacting to the open grazing ban on Channels TV… In "Top Stories" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - Governor Rotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State has reacted to the statement credited to Alhaji Abubakar Malami, Attorney General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, condemning the recent ban on open grazing by 17 governors of the Southern States. Malami in an interview with Channels TV… In "News" ……Task IGP on Police Brutality By Chibuike Nwabuk Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Minority Leader of the Senate, Senator Enyinnaya Abaribe has berated the unwarranted killings of innocent citizens in the South East under the guise of lockdown enforcement over COVID-19 pandemic. Furious Abaribe called on the Inspector General of Police… In "News"