By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party in the 2019 general election and former Vice President Atiku Abubakar has grieved over the death of former Minister of Women Affairs, Sen. Aisha Alhassan who passed on today at a hospital in Cairo, Egypt. Atiku described the late Mama Taraba as an accomplished civil servant, astute politician and patriot who was compassionate, loyal and deeply committed to a better Nigeria. The former Vice President who took to his twitter handle to express sadness, prayed Allah to forgive her sins and grant her Aljannah Fiddausi in this holy month. His tweets read: “I am grieved by the death of former Minister of Women Affairs, Sen. Aisha Alhassan. I asked about her condition this afternoon after I called her number without a response! Inna lillahi wainna Ilaihi Rajiun! “May Allah forgive her sins and grant her Aljannah Fiddausi in this holy month. Ameen. “Mama Taraba as she was popularly known, was an accomplished civil servant, astute politician and patriot. She was compassionate, loyal and deeply committed to a better Nigeria. “She will be sorely missed. I really have lost a sister and a loyalist.  By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Minister of Women Affairs, Aisha Alhassan, on Wednesday attended the Federal Executive Council (FEC) meeting despite the disagreements her open declaration of support for former Vice President Atiku Abubakar for 2019 presidency has generated. The meeting that will be presided over by President… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - President Muhammadu Buhari has directed the Minister of State, Industry, Trade and Investment, Hajiya Aisha Abubakar to oversee the Minister of Women Affairs Ministry while she still retains her portfolio. This is also as the President on Sunday accepted the resignation of the Minister of… In "Top Stories" I had to read the story twice to be sure that the minister had not overdosed on the remedial political treatment she received at the hands of the National Working Committee (NWC) of the All Progressives Congress (APC). Did she actually say that the APC will rule forever? Last September,… In "Opinion"