Activist, Aisha Yesufu, has said that she will not link her National Identification Number to her phone number as required by the Federal Government.  According to Yesufu, linking her NIN to her phone number will have her information in the control of a terrorist sympathiser and his cohorts. She disclosed this in a tweet with the hashtag #PantiMustGo which demands the sacking or resignation of the Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Isa Pantami. “Let me repeat categorically what I have said before. I WILL NOT BE LINKING MY NIN to my phone number! I will rather not have a phone line than willingly give my information and have it in the control of a terrorist sympathiser and his cohorts #PantamiMustGo,” Yesufu tweeted.The call for Pantami’s sacking or resignation is a result of a sermon he delivered in the past which had him allegedly sympathising with terrorist groups – Al-Qaeda and the Taliban. Pantami was, however, backed by the Presidency through the Senior Special Adviser to the President on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu, who said the minister was young when he made those statements and that his position had since changed. Reacting through a video in April, Yesufu said, “The Presidency is not Garba Shehu and Muhammadu Buhari. The Presidency is an institution and that institution should never be seen in any way whatsoever supporting someone who is now known to have been a terrorist sympathiser. “We cannot be a nation that allows people who support terrorism to be out there in our public domain as public servants. We cannot have a minister of a sector that is so sensitive – as per our information, everything under that sector – be someone who is a terrorist sympathiser, whether has been, still is, repented or not.”  Source •Dr Isa Pantami Social crusader, Mrs Aisha Yesufu, has said her last child would be 20 years old in December 2021 and that she cannot put her daughter's information in the care of Dr Isa Pantami, minister of communication and digital economy.In a video which has gone viral, she said… In "Top Stories" He said the NIN would help tackle challenges of underage voting, alien voting and other challenges associated with registration. The national commissioner, who wished to remain anonymous because he was not authorised to speak, said a final decision would soon be reached. The INEC official explained that the permanent voter… In "Features" Mobile network operators in Nigeria including Airtel and MTN have dismissed claims by subscribers that their SIM cards are being blocked before the deadline set for the linkage with the National Identity Number. The Federal Government through the Nigerian Communication Commission had ordered telecommunications companies to deactivate telephone lines of… In "Features"