Abuja – The Zamfara government has announced the revocation of all land titles in the state. Yusuf Gusau, media aide to Bello Matawalle, governor of Zamfara, disclosed that the decision was announced on Thursday at the flag-off of the issuance of electronic certificates of occupancy. According to him, the decision was taken to address corruption associated with the manual issuance of certificates of occupancy, while property owners have been directed to apply through the Zamfara geographic information system (ZAGIS) for “recertification of their respective titles with the new policy of granting electronic certificates”. “All problems associated with land transactions will be resolved with the use of modern technology as the recertification of all land titles will assist in the current fight against banditry and sundry crimes,” Matawalle was quoted to have said. “Owners of all land titles would now have their records available in a secured database; and that the new e-C of Os would also make it easier for financial institutions to check the authenticity of certificates for those who choose to use them as collateral for bank loans.” Persons making fresh applications for land titles are also expected to apply through ZAGIS, just as landowners have been urged “to come forward and certify their titles and also to pay their ground rents as and when due”. By Kingsley Okoye   Abuja -   The Federal Government says it has approved and issued 1,300 Certificates of Occupancy (C of O) to owners of verified federal government land as at October 25, 2018. Minister of Power, Works and Housing, Mr Babatunde Fashola, disclosed this at a news conference… In "News" By Nnamani Ogbonna The Minister of Agriculture, Audu Ogbeh, has announced that federal government is making arrangement to have cattle colonies. It is said that some state governors have donated land for such purpose By section 1 and 2 of the land use Act, land is vested on the Governor… In "Opinion" ABUJA -  The Minister of Lands, Housing and Urban Development, Mrs Akon Eyakenyi, says inaccessibility to land and high cost of land titling have hindered  the ministry’s efforts to deliver houses to Nigerians. Eyakenyi made the statement at the 2014 Ministerial Platform, which held in Abuja on Thursday. She said… In "Business"