Abuja –   The renewed military operation, waging total war against bandits in Niger state has yielded a good result as one of the notorious leaders of the bandits has been arrested. The leader simply called Jack Bros Yellow was smoked out of his hide out from one of the forests between Shiroro and Rafi Local Government areas of the state. Jack Yellow was said to have been terrorizing many communities in three different local government areas —Shiroro, Munya and Rafi local government areas of the state for the past months. Because of the arrest of the gang leader few days ago, many of his followers are said to have gone underground but the security operatives are trailing them. An impeccable source told our correspondent that Jack Yellow championed the demand of N3m from some communities to stop banditry in the areas but was later outsmarted by another group. Out of anger, his boys went haywire to kidnap no fewer than nine women from Galape village in Shiroro Local Government area in January this year. He later demanded for a ransom of N10million for the release of the women and till now, they are still in the custody of the gang led by Jack Yellow. Our correspondent also gathered that Jack Yellow also has a link with some bandit groups in Zamfara where he transfers kidnapped victims if ransom demanded by their families are not met at the stipulated time. Source    Tired of the incessant attacks and raids on their communities by bandits, the people of Niger State have decided to forgo the option of looking up to the military, police and other security agencies for rescue. Rather, the affected communities have resorted to bringing in spiritualists who they believe would… In "News" An early morning bandits attack in Erena in Shiroro local government area of Niger state has left two people dead and about 2,000 cattle stolen. Many people were injured in the attack where over 100 bandits were said to have invaded Erena and its environs shooting sporadically and brandishing dangerous… In "News" By Obinna Unaeze Shiroro (Niger) - The Niger government on Tuesday said that five communities in Shiroro Local Government Area of the state would benefit from the free medical treatment offered by the Nigerian Air Force (NAF). Gov. Abubakar Bello of Niger made this known while inaugurating the three day… In "Health"