Bandits on Thursday afternoon killed the son of the Emir of Kontagora in Niger State, Alhaji Bashar Saidu Namaska, the Sardauna of Kontagora. Also killed is the driver of the deceased and some of his staff.  He was killed along with others by the bandits on his father’s farm located at Masuga village on the Kontagora-Rijau road. According to a report from the area, the deceased and his staff were working on the farm when the bandits, who were moving from village to village attacking and dispossessing people of their property, spotted them and immediately opened fire killing the Emir’s son, his driver and others instantly. The Emir’s son was rushed to the Kontagora General Hospital where he was confirmed dead. The exact number of people killed could not be confirmed at press time. It was gathered that some cattle belonging to the deceased were rustled during the attack. It was learnt that the incident has created tension in Kontagora town while the palace was said to have been besieged by sympathisers and mourners. The deceased, Saidu Namaska, is the heir apparent to the Emirship of Kontagora and had been holding court for the Emir, Alhaji Saidu Namaska, since the traditional ruler became indisposed. He was said to have gotten married before the last Ramadan. According to reports, the burial arrangement for the deceased Emir’s son will be announced in due course. All efforts to get police confirmation of the incident proved abortive as the Police Public Relations Officer, DSP Wasiu Abiodun, did not pick calls made to his cell phone.   Source MINNA - A vast plot of land belonging to the Nigerian Army (NA) in Kontagora local government of Niger State is harbouring armed bandits terrorizing several parts of the State, PRNigeria has gathered. Concerned about the development, the Nigerian Army under the current leadership is devising new measures to tackle… In "Top Stories" …Kaduna, Zamfara, Borno deadliest states…North-West deadliest zone AS flames of violence and other forms of lives guzzling insecurity flicker in many parts of the country, Nigeria has literally become a killing field. In the first six weeks of 2021, lives of no fewer than 1,525 persons have been wasted across… In "Top Stories" Bandits have burnt down the Holy Family Catholic Church, and two houses in Kikwari village, Kajuru council area of Kaduna State. Another set of gunmen also invaded Baka village in Igabi council area and killed two persons. Commissioner for Internal Security and Home Affairs Samuel Aruwan said in a statement… In "Features"