A former Chief of Defence Staff during the regime of the late General Sani Abacha, Lieutenant General Joshua Dogonyaro has lost his life.  Dogonyaro died on Thursday morning at The Jos University Teaching Hospital.  The 80-year-old was reportedly admitted in The hospital folloawing a brief illness. His Body has been deposited at Air Force Hospital in Jos, Plateau State. Joseph, first son of the deceased disclosed this to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Thursday. “Daddy has been sick for some time until yesterday when he had a stroke and we rushed him to the Jos University Teaching Hospital (JUTH) for medical attention. “Unfortunately, early this morning (Thursday), around 3.00am precisely, he breathed his last. “His death comes as a rude shock to us as a family. We are going to miss his love and warm as a grandfather, father, brother, uncle and supporter,” he said. Joseph said that the family was trying to cope with the shock of the general’s demise and would discuss the funeral arrangements soon. He described his father as “a General who was so faithful and loyal to the nation, Nigeria.” “He was a General who had no bias mind as a detribalised Nigerian. He served this nation faithfully and identified with all Nigerians and Africa as a continent. “We and Nigerians are going to miss him having served humanity in this country and Africa as a whole, ” Joseph added Dogonyaro was enlisted in the Nigerian Army in 1964 and was commissioned Second-Lieutenant in the Nigerian Army Armoured Corps, 1967.  Source By Thompson Yamput Jos - The Plateau Government on Sunday confirmed that the death of a National Assembly (NASS) staff, Joel Dewus, was not from COVID-19 as suspected but from other health complications.The State Commissioner for Health, Mr Lar Noam, who confirmed the death in an interview with News Agency… In "Politics" Former Nigeria Professional Football League champions, Plateau United Football Club of Jos has been thrown into mourning following the death of its Head Coach, Audu Isah Pele. Pele, who died Wednesday afternoon at his residence along Ali Kazaure, was hospitalized at the Bingham University Teaching Hospital Jos before he was… In "News" Jos -  The management of Jos University Teaching Hospital (JUTH), Plateau, on Sunday said that it had resolved the feud with its striking workers months after it started. It said this was after a joint meeting facilitated by the Federal Ministry of Health . Its Chief Medical Director (CMD), Prof… In "News"