The Peoples Democratic Party has attacked President Muhammadu Buhari over an attempted robbery incident at the Aso Rock.  The party says the robbery attack on Monday shows that the President Muhammadu Buhari lacked the capacity to secure Nigeria. The opposition party said this in a press statement on Tuesday titled, ‘Bandits Invasion of Presidential Villa Shows Buhari Can’t Secure Nigeria, Says PDP’ by its spokesperson Kola Ologbodiyan. We had reported there was an attempt by armed robbers to burgle the residence of the Chief of Staff to the President, Ibrahim Gambari, early Monday morning. The Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu, described the attack as “a foolish attempt”, claiming that the incident that happened around 3 am was not successful. PDP in its reaction said the attempted robbery in the residence of Gambari has heightened apprehensions over the capacity of presidency to secure the nation. The party said, “The @OfficialPDPNig is alarmed by the invasion of Aso Presidential Villa by bandits and armed robbers, saying the development further points to the collapse of security command structure under President @MBuhari’s incompetent watch.“All over the world, the Presidential Villa, as the seat of power and national sovereignty, is the fortress of the nation that ought to have impregnable security. “As such, any breach of security, particularly by outlaws and in sequence, sends a clear danger signal to the overall security of the nation. “It is imperative to state that such security infraction, that gave way for outlaws to invade the Presidential villa in sequence, inspite of its perceptibly secured ambience, can only happen under an absentee President, who have not demonstrated the required capacity expected of his office.” The PDP also recalled that there was security breaches in June last year in Aso Rock, involving a shooting, arising from a bitter squabble between members of the president family and some security aides. “Our party is worried that if President @MBuhari cannot guarantee the security of the Presidential villa, then his capacity to secure the entire country is no longer assured. “The @OfficialPDPNig, therefore, urges President @MBuhari to wake up from slumber, review his security architecture and take decisive steps, beyond his lethargic body language, to secure our nation,” it added.   Source •Prof Ibrahim Gambari A gang of armed robbers have reportedly attacked the residences of Chief of Staff to the President, Professor Ibrahim Gambari, and that of Administrative Officer, Abubakar Maikano, on the premises of the Presidential Villa, Aso-Rock, Abuja. Confirming the report, Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media… In "Top Stories" Ekiti Governor Kayode Fayemi on Tuesday took former Deputy National Secretary of the All Progressives Congress(APC) Victor Giadom to Aso Rock Villa in a failed attempt to see President Muhammadu Buhari. The visit, The Nation learnt, was to win Buhari over to Giadom, who has been laying claim to being… In "Top Stories" PORTHARCOURT (SundiataPost) - The appointment of Governor Chibuike Amaechi as the Director-General of the APC Presidential Campaign Organisation is a masterstroke which will send President Goodluck Jonathan and Vice President Namadi Sambo packing from Aso Rock come 2015. The Rivers State Chapter of the All Progressives Congress (APC) stated this in… In "News"