Abuja –  President Muhammadu Buhari has taken the second dose of the Oxford-AstraZeneca COVID-19 vaccine at the State House, Abuja. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that president’s personal physician, Dr Suhayb Rafidadi, administered the vaccine on the president at his official residence, State House, Abuja on Saturday. Buhari had received the first jab of the vaccination on March 6 where he was presented with his COVID-19 vaccination card by officials of the Federal Ministry of Health, who supervised the exercise. The President is the ECOWAS Champion on the Fight against COVID-19. Meanwhile, the National Primary Health Care Development Agency (NPHCDA) had disclosed that 1,945, 273 eligible Nigerians had so far taken the first dose of the Oxford-AstraZeneca COVID-19 vaccine. It also said that 22,162 of Nigerians vaccinated with the first dose had also taken the second dose. NAN reports that Nigeria has so far received over 3.92 million doses of the Oxford/AstraZeneca vaccines delivered under the international Covax scheme. (NAN) There are strong indications that a crisis has hit Nigeria’s moves to procure more COVID-19 vaccine doses as the budget estimates for the procurement are grossly inadequate. It was gathered on Sunday that the budget estimates the Ministry of Health submitted to the Ministry of Finance, Budget and National Planning… In "News" As the COVID-19 vaccine arrived the country on Tuesday, March 2, Nigerians have begun vaccination as a medical doctor, Dr. Cyprian Nyong, of the National Hospital, Abuja, is expected to receive a jab of the AstraZeneca/Oxford COVID-19 vaccine. The Chairman of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 and Secretary to… In "News" coronavirus had spread to Europe and North America. Countries on these continents also quickly placed lockdowns. In the same month, Nigeria recorded its index case of the coronavirus – an Italian man who arrived in Lagos from Milan on a business trip. On March 11, the World Health Organisation declared… In "News"