There is tension right now in Karu, a satellite town in Abuja as commercial motorcycle operators took to the streets to protest. Although the cause of their protest is not known, their action has forced many to stay indoors as the protesters are going about destroying vehicles and attacking innocent persons. It was gathered that the riot which started at about 11:o’clock in the morning has forced many churches in their area to lock their gates asking their members to remain inside the church so as not to be attacked. Already, soldiers and police personnel have been deployed to the area to maintain law and order are are currently battling the protesters who are fighting back with stones and other weapons. Residents of Karu, Jikwoyi, Kurudu, Orozo, Karshi among other towns in the area are trapped as residents and motorists alike have been asked to keep off the route until normalcy is restored. Also people coming into Karu from the city center have been advised to keep off the area for now as there are no alternative rout to access the satellite town Daily Sun gathered that the Okada riders embarked on the protest after one of their colleagues was allegedly shot and killed by the police. The protesters who gathered in their numbers embarked on a peaceful protest that later went violent, prompting the Commander Army Headquarters Garrison(AHQG), Major-General Dahiru, to deploys the soldiers when the police could no longer handle the situation. At the time of filing this report there is restriction of movement as people who went to church are still being trapped in their various churches. Also security personnel have been deployed to most of the churches to ensure the protesters to no burn the churches down. When contacted, the public relations officer officer for the FCT police command confirmed the report and said the protesters were protesting the killing of one of their members by an unknown gunman. She also said the police working in conjunction with the military were Donny everything possible to restore normalcy.The commander AHQG, told Daily Sun in a telephone interview that the soldiers would remain there until peace is restored in the area. (Sunday Sun) Karu (Nasarawa State) - Residents of Karu local government area in Nasarawa State, have called on the state government to come to their aid by fixing the deplorable roads in the area. The residents made the call in separate interviews with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Karu on… In "News" It was utter anxiety and confusion that took over Abuja on Friday as the Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) Ministerial Task Team on Enforcement of COVID-19 guidelines began demolition of buildings. The Task Team stormed Karu, a satellite town of the capital city and demolished some illegal structures, including drinking… In "News" By Kate Obande-Okewu Mararaba (Nasarawa) - Residents of Abacha Road, Mararaba, Nasarawa State, have commended the state government for repairing the three kilometres old Karu road and making life easier for commuters. They applauded the efforts of the state government in separate interviews with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN)… In "News"