Abuja –  Embattled Nollywood actor, Olanrewaju James popularly known as Baba Ijesha, has denied engaging the former Chairman of Ikeja Branch of Nigerian Bar Association, Adeshina Ogunlana, as his lawyer, the News Agency of Nigeria reports. The actor through his lawyer, Kayode Olabisan, released a disclaimer on Saturday stating that he never briefed Ogunlana to be his legal representative. “I wish to state categorically and emphatically that I have never briefed the lawyer nor instructed him to act on my behalf in any way, or manner howsoever and whatsoever. “He (Ogunlana) is not my lawyer, and whatever you heard or hear from him concerning my lawyers, the police or court case, does not represent the true position. “He has been acting without my knowledge or consent,” he said. The actor was arrested by the police for alleged sexual assault and defilement of the 14-year-old foster daughter of comedienne, Princess. The comedian was granted bail by a magistrate on Monday in spite of strike by judiciary workers. The disclaimer also stated that the police never demanded for money from the actor for the bail, which was granted him by a magistrate on health grounds. “This is aside the N500,000 refundable bail bond which formed part of my bail conditions ordered by the court. “The bail bond is payable to the court registry’s account and not police account,” the disclaimer read. Olabiran also noted “Baba Ijesha” noted that the actor was granted bail on May 17, by a team from Lagos State Judiciary, Nigerian Bar Association and the state Ministry of Justice. The team had visited the State Criminal Investigation Department Panti, Yaba, Lagos, in an efforts to decongest police stations across Lagos State. The lawyer said that though the actor had fulfilled all the bail conditions, he had yet to be formally released by the judiciary. “He is not out of police custody, we are hoping that the judiciary, the team from the Lagos State Ministry of Justice and Lagos State Directorate of Public Prosecution will come again to Panti next week. “It is one thing to be granted bail and another for your release to be ordered upon meeting all the conditions. Meanwhile, Ogunlana had stated in an interview with Saturday Punch that he merely voluntered to ‘represent’ the actor when he visited Panti and saw his ‘pitiable condition. The Lagos State police Command has reacted to reports that embattled Nollywood actor, Baba Ijesha has been released on bail. On Monday, the legal team of Baba Ijesha led by his lawyer, Adesina Ogunlana, disclosed that the actor had been granted bail on health grounds. Ogunlana also disclosed that they… In "News" Adesina Ogunlana, lawyer to embattled actor, Olanrewaju James, popularly known as Baba Ijesha, has narrated how the thespian was granted bail by a magistrate on Monday despite the ongoing strike by judiciary workers. Baba Ijesha is being detained by the police for alleged sexual assualt and defiling of the 14-year-old… In "News" By Moji Eniola Ikeja - A prosecution witness, Ms Thelma Coco-Bassey, on Wednesday alleged that Adeshina Ogunlana, a former Chairman, Nigerian Bar Association (NBA), Ikeja branch, accused of N20.1 million fraud, lavishly spent money belonging to the association, which he allegedly kept in polythene bags. The News Agency of Nigeria… In "Metro"