The management of Bayero University, Kano (BUK), has debunked news making the rounds that a student was found dead on its new campus.  Lamara Garba, Secretary, Information and Publication Unit of the University, said this in a statement he signed and made available to newsmen on Monday in Kano. According to the statement, “social media post alleging that a student of BUK was found dead on the campus is fake, malicious and with no substance. “Investigation has revealed that the deceased identified as Adamu Shanono was not a student of the university. “Security operatives have arrested two suspects in connection with the murder,” he said. Garba said that both suspects are in no way connected to BUK Kano. He urge the general public to take note of the information and desist from spreading fake and unverifiable information in respect of the university. Meanwhile, the spokesman of the Police Command in Kano, DSP Haruna Kiyawa, confirmed the incident to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Kano. Kiyawa said the suspects allegedly killed the victim on Sunday night in an attempt to snatch his phone and other valuables at Kankare, near BUK in Ungogo Local Government Area.  (NAN) By Abbas Bamalli Kano - No fewer than 24 students of Bayero University (BUK) Kano, mostly in their final year of studies were expelled from the university for falsification of their entry qualifications. The spokesperson for the university, Malam Lamara Garba disclosed this in a statement on Friday in Kano.… In "News" By Ramatu Garba Kano - The Bayero University Kano (BUK) has pledged continuous support to Sasakawa Africa Fund for Extension Education (SAFE). The Vice-Chancellor of the University, Prof. Mohammed Yahuza Bello, made the pledge in Kano on Mondaay during a courtesy visit by Sasakawa Global 2000 team. The first Sasakawa… In "News" Kano  -   A Kano-based businessman and Chairman of Jifatu General Enterprises, Alhaji Sabitu Yahaya,has offered scholarship to 50 indigent students of Bayero University, Kano (BUK). The Students are undergoing degree programmes in Sharia, Quranic and Islamic studies in the University, according to the monthly Publication of the University ‘BUK… In "News"