By Babatunde Ogunrinde LAGOS – Mobile telecommunications operator MTN has announced a partnership with LaLiga, the Spanish football league. The league, which is currently one of the most popular in football, features many of the most talented stars and household names in the world of football. A highlight of the partnership, which also grants MTN the right to use LaLiga’s brand name in Nigeria, is the launch of “LaLiga Trivia Nigeria”. This is a digital content platform which provides MTN customers with the league’s exclusive news, updates, videos and games, offering football fans a unique and highly entertaining experience. The collaboration under the licence of Samssons Systems and Investments Ltd., a Value Added Services local partner in Nigeria, will see MTN expand opportunities for sports professionals in Nigeria. It will also provide top-tier entertainment to football fans across the country. “We are excited about this,” said Srinivas Rao, Chief Digital Officer, MTN Nigeria. “This partnership furthers our Good Together philosophy, which advocates collaboration as a vehicle to deliver superior value to our customers. “The new partnership will bring Nigerian football fans closer to the action through exclusive content,” he said. Also speaking on this partnership, Óscar Pardo, Head of Business, Marketing and International Development at LaLiga, said: “This is a very exciting partnership for us. “We are always looking to build and entertain communities of football fans through engaging content and new experiences. “LaLiga Trivia is a platform that will help us get closer to fans across Nigeria and will showcase the very best of what Spanish football has to offer. “We’re excited to continue building these connections by working with MTN in Nigeria.” The partnership will see MTN offer several exclusive LaLiga related benefits to the league’s large following in Nigeria as well as MTN’s vast subscriber base. “Subscribers stand a chance to win amazing prizes, including a trip to Spain to watch live matches, meet LaLiga stars and access a range of matches and exclusive content,” Pardo said. He added that the partnership would also feature highlights, league news, interviews and league imagery and follow the progress of the Nigerian stars currently plying their trade in LaLiga Santander and LaLiga SmartBank. “These include Samuel Chukwueze, Ramon Azeez, Kenneth Omeruo and Kelechi Nwakali.“(NAN) By Babatunde Ogunrinde   Lagos   -    Nigeria’s ex-international, Mutiu Adepoju, on Friday, lauded MultiChoice Nig. Ltd., owners of GOtv satellite network provider for organising a friendly match between Nigeria’s Super Eagles and Atletico Madrid of Spain. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the historic match tagged `Go Max… In "Sports" Abuja (SundiataPost)-  Africa’s biggest network operator by subscriber base and one of the most admired African brand, MTN Group, has lent its support to the development of Freestyle Football on the continent with the sponsorship of the maiden edition of the 2018 Africa Freestyle Football Championship. The 2018 Freestyle Football… In "Sports" Abuja  -   The Minister of Youths and Sports, Solomon Dalung, on Monday said President Muhammadu Buhari’s administration would develop an enabling administrative and legal framework in sports for international partnership. Dalung said this while receiving a delegation of the Spanish Premier League (La Liga) Board led by its President,… In "Sports"