ABUJA –  The Federal Government said that it had donated 33 utility vehicles to the security committee working with the forensic auditors currently appraising projects executed by the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC). The Minister of Niger Delta Affairs, Sen. Godswill Akpabio, delivered the vehicles to the auditors in Port Harcourt, according to a statement by NDDC’s Director of Corporate Affairs, Dr Ibitoye Abosede, on Friday. Akpabio, represented by the Permanent Secretary of the ministry, Dr Babayo Ardo, said that the vehicles would aid the committee in the physical verification phase of the exercise. “The over 33 utility vehicles are meant to assist the security personnel working with the 16 field auditors charged with identifying and verifying the projects implemented by the NDDC across the Niger Delta region. “We thank President Muhammadu Buhari for approving the forensic audit to be carried out to look at all NDDC’s projects. “Our initial proposal to President Buhari was to hire vehicles for the forensic exercise but rather he approved the procurement of new vehicles to be deployed for the exercise,’’ he said. The minister expressed optimism that the forensic audit would guide further interventionist actions in the region. He said that the ministry was committed to ensuring rapid development of the Niger Delta region by repositioning the NDDC to effectively deliver its mandate to the people. “So, we shall leave no stone unturned to see that all obstacles were cleared to enable the NDDC work effectively and efficiently,” the statement quoted Akpabio as saying. The Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) has disclosed that the list of contract beneficiaries released by Godswill Akpabio, minister of Niger Delta affairs, is authentic and was not compiled by him. Prominent names on the list compiled in 2018 are former Governors, Orji Uzor Kalu (Abia), James Ibori (Delta}, Emmanuel… In "News" Kayode Oyero The Niger Delta Development Commission has invited the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), to inaugurate a 29-kilometre Ogbia-Nembe Road in Bayelsa State. The commission, in a statement on Tuesday, titled ‘NDDC Invites President Buhari To Commission Signature Project’, said the project, which cuts across 14 communities, costs… In "Politics" By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - The Federal Executive Council (FEC) on Wednesday approved the appointment of eight field experts to undertake the forensic audit of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC). The Minister of Niger Delta Affairs, Sen. Godswin Akpabio, made the disclosure to State House correspondents after the council’s… In "News"