There’s no doubt that Yobe is one of the few states in Nigeria that allows activists, journalists and critics to express their opinions, make recommendations, suggestions and criticise government without being hunted.  I recall the cases of journalists and other activists like Cross River state Governor vs Agba Jalingo, Adamawa State Governor vs Husseini Nakura, Kano State Governor vs Jaafar Jaafar, Ebonyi State Governor vs Chijioke Agwu, Daily Trust reporter, Omirin Olatunji vs Nigerian Army and many other related cases in Nigeria.  The case of Yobe state Governor, Mai Mala Buni is quite different and unique as he’s busy bringing developmental projects in the state within just few years of his stewardship. It’s, indeed, one of the qualities of a leader to embrace indifferences, ending the blame game and eschew bitterness and of course being tolerant; this is what the governor is doing to keep critics abay.  We are not surprised because he already stated in his inaugural speech that his administration will run an all-inclusive government, with an open door policy for everyone with meaningful contributions to make in the interest of the state, stressing that his government will have listening ears to worthy advice and suggestions that will promote unity and people’s interest.  I’m happy to say that the governor has so far completed many capital projects and others are ongoing. They include modern markets, primary healthcare centres, model primary schools, mega schools, transit parks, housing units, township roads, rural roads, road projects (rehabilitation), industries resuscitated, midwives absorbed into PHCCs, medical stores and electricity projects, etc.  With the aforementioned projects and freedom witnessed in Yobe state, I can boldly say Yobe state is now enjoying the dividends of democracy under the leadership of Mai Mala Buni.  Meanwhile, this article is written on behalf of the good people of Gulani local government area in appreciation for the upgrade of Primary Healthcare Centre Bara to General Hospital Bara as recently approved by the Governor Mai Mala Buni. Gulani local government area is now almost 30 years old with its creation without a general hospital.  We say a very big thanks, Your Excellency. Abdulmumin Kolo Gulani, Damaturu, Yobe state A man who came to power under the circumstances as Senator Hope Uzodimma did, would have been more concerned about how to earn the people's confidence through some people oriented policies and programs, but the man at the helm in the People's House is obviously toying with the Joseph Stalin… In "Opinion" BAUCHI (Sundiata Post) - Bauchi State is one of the states that are to benefit from the United States reconstruction and rehabilitation programme in the northeast region of Nigeria following the seven-year insurgency in the region. Governor Mohammed Abdullahi Abubakar who was on President Muhammadu Buhari’s entourage to the recently… In "News" The Sarkin Kano, Muhammad Sanusi II, always wanted to be to local. Even in his heyday as governor of the Central Bank, he said he was often amused when public office holders fought for appointment as ministers, state governors, ambassadors or for any position at all on the big stage. … In "Opinion"