The Minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi, on Friday, said it was wrong for Nigerians to blame the current insecurity in the country on the All Progressives Congress-led government.  The former Governor of Rivers State insisted that it was a misnomer for anybody to claim that banditry was caused by the current regime led by the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), when in reality, “the past leaders should be held responsible for mismanaging the resources of the country”. Amaechi spoke in Jos on Friday while commissioning the North Central Coordinating Office complex of the Nigerian Shippers Council and visual presentation of the proposed Maritime Resource Centre in Plateau State. Exonerating the APC regime from the current challenges facing Nigeria, Amaechi said, “The earlier Nigerians began to take people who can perform, the better. The reason we are doing this project is so that we can reduce banditry and insecurity because if you don’t create jobs, you will not reduce crime. “The reason why there is crime is because the rich men who had run the economy of Nigeria for years mismanaged it. I don’t know why Nigerians like to think that we are the first to be in government. Army failed to tackle insecurity despite N1tn allocation – Security experts“Before we came, there were previous governments. If they had run the economy in ways that created jobs, today, we won’t be talking about insecurity and banditry. “It is the mismanagement of the resources that belong to all of us that has brought us to where we are. So, the project we are Commissioning today is the result of the management of the commonwealth that belongs to all of us and I am delighted that I approved this for the agency that they should do this project here.” Governor Simon Lalong thanked the Federal Government for citing the projects in Plateau State. He expressed optimism that the citing of the North Central Coordinating Office in Jos with 4-Star Hotel with 150 rooms, Mixed Shopping Malls, Gaming Arcades, Food Courts, Five Aside Football Pitch, Basketball and Tennis Courts, ATM Galleries, Swimming Pools and Water Park among others will add a lot of value to the general plan for the development of Inland Container Terminals across the nation and also facilitate more economic activities in the hinterland.  Source Following his disappearance at a meeting between President Muhammadu Buhari and South-South leaders in Rivers state, the All Progressives Congress in the state has attacked the Minister of Transportation Rotimi Amaechi. The Igo Aguma-led party said that the minister was at the Port Harcourt airport to receive the Presidential delegation,… In "Politics" PORT HARCOURT (Sundiata  Post) - The Rivers State Chapter of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has congratulated President Muhammadu Buahri and the Minister of Transportation, Hon. Chibuike Rotimi Amaechi, on the successful flag-off, on Tuesday, of the Abuja - Kaduna Rail Line. The party in a statement issued Wednesday in… In "News" Minister of Transportation Rotimi Amaechi has come under attack following his absence at the Southsouth stakeholders’ meeting with the Federal Government. The meeting, which held in Government House, Port Harcourt, on Tuesday had in attendance most presidential appointees from the region and elected representatives. The Chief of Staff to the… In "News"