President of the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), Comrade Ayuba on Tuesday dared Governor Nasir El-Rufai as he led the second day protest.  The NLC President led the labour unionists on the day-two protest from NLC Secretariat at Golf Course road to NEPA Roundabout on Ahmadu Bello Way through Independence Way to Muhammadu Buhari Way. Meanwhile, when the protesters gathered at the NEPA roundabout, where the NLC president spoke on the state of workers in Kaduna state, armed thugs wielding matchets and sticks numbering over 50, disrupted the protest by throwing stones and other dangerous items at the Labour unionists. Police and other security personnel guarding the protesters were however able to repel the thugs with tear gas and one of them was later nabbed by the protesting workers and handed over to the Police. The protesters however retreated back to their secretariat after the invasion by the thugs to prevent further breakdown of law and order. Earlier, the Congress President, Comrade Wabba said he was daring Governor Nasir El-Rufai to arrest him. Wabba said the protest was not about him, but about the welfare of the generality of the workers, “So, we are here and waiting for them,” he declared.   Source The police and other security agents, on Tuesday, dispersed heavily armed thugs who attacked labour union leaders and members in Kaduna. The thugs, armed with knives, sticks and stones attacked the peaceful protesters at NEPA roundabout, Kaduna, but were quickly dispersed by security personnel deployed to protect the protesters. The… In "News" Kaduna Governor Nasir El-Rufai and the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) are gearing up for a showdown following a directive by the labour union to all its affiliates to join the five-day warning strike. The Nation reports the warning strike, which starts by midnight on Sunday, is in protest against mass… In "News" By Francis Onyeukwu   Awka -  Scores of public workers under the leadership of Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) on Tuesday staged peaceful protest on the major streets of Awka. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the protest in Anambra is in compliance to the directive by the national… In "News"