The Jigawa State Government has declared Friday, May 14, as work free day to mark this year’s Eid-el-Fitr celebration in the state.  This is announced in a statement signed by Alhaji Isma’il Ibrahim, Public Relations Officer, Office of the State Head of the Civil Service, Alhaji Hussaini Kila, on Thursday in Dutse. Ibrahim quoted Kila as congratulating the Muslim Ummah on the celebration of Eid-el-Fitr on behalf of Gov. Muhammad Badaru. He added that the head of the civil service urged the civil servants and the general public to use the period and pray for peace, stability and economic transformation in the state. “During the occasion, it is expected that all public servants and the entire people of the state will pray to Almighty Allah for continued protection and guidance of our leaders, peace, economic prosperity of the state and Nigeria at large and be law abiding citizens. “Kila also appealed to them to always exhibit good virtues of Ramadan for the progress of the society, as well as reflect and live their lives based on the teachings of Islam and practices of Prophet Muhammad (SAW),” the PRO said. The News Agency of Nigeria reports that the Federal Government had earlier declared Wednesday and Thursday as public holidays to mark the Eid-el-Fitr by the citizens.  (NAN) By Muhammad Nasir Bashir Dutse -   The Jigawa Government has declared Tuesday, December 13, as public holiday to mark the 2016 Maulud celebration. This is contained in a statement issued by Alhaji Isma’il Ibrahim, the Public Relations Officer, Office of the State Head of Civil Service (HoS), in Dutse… In "News" By Muhammad Bashir Dutse -The Jigawa Government has declared Tuesday, Oct. 4, as public holiday to mark the beginning of the  Islamic New Year, 1438 A.H. This is contained in a statement issued by Alhaji Isma’il Ibrahim, the Public Relations Officer, Office of the State Head of Civil Service (HoS), in Dutse on Monday. Ibrahim… In "Top Stories" By Aminu Garko, Blessing Odega and Deborah Coker Minna - Police and Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) authorities in Niger, Plateau and Edo said they had deployed 8, 500 personnel to provide adequate security in the states during the Eid-el-Fitr celebration. The News agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports… In "Metro"